Yay tax increases and increased spending. More money out of my pocket! Yaya!
So is that $24,150 in options that will be worth $0 if Tesla's price is $700.00 EOD 12/31?
If you don't have the money, your broker will usually exercise for you and just sell the stock to cover. Then you get a peepee slap.
I guess I’ve just never heard of anyone buying options super deep in the money so I was wondering if you could be left with a contract nobody wanted
But thats irrelevant. Thinking a stock will moon doesnt matter if you baghold til it crashes. Selling covered calls at a strike price youre happy to sell at means you collect premiums (and profits) along the journey and then exit at a desired profit rsther than trying to catch the top hoping to get lucky
What the fuck are you doing here? Can your parents pick you up? This is a place for grown ups
If you want to hang out

You gotta take her out
Thanks. Then why is he up 2750 already if 14.45 is break even. Don't think it will drop that much but we'll see
I see a lot of 4:30 dinners in your future.
I need to pump shakira after seeing her in the girl like me video.
PLTR
On of those is actually your penis.
nice
Does your diplomat friend have any money for the rest of us?  Pretty rude if you ask me.
Cathie becuz she is hot af
Need BABA to fuck some shit up tmr
I would say you're right if you had said the news was 13 days old and not day and a half old. 

Your news source was better than my source, as I said earlier since you read/heard it a day and a half earlier than I did. Credit given where credit is due.

No idea what you're talking about recycled jokes. The hilarious thing here is neither you or I was correct. I thought it was a 5 hours old news and you thought it was a day and a half old news, so get off the high horse already.

You show respect, you will get respect back. You throw jabs, you will get jabbed back.
He's been afraid

Always afraid 

Of the things he's feeling
When is NKLA under $1? I wanna like like 200k of them
How’s BABA is doing in hk
[deleted]
Your balls are huge and I admire you. I got shares of RIOT because I couldn’t handle the volatility if beetcoin
I can see it dip short term, but 2021 is going to be great.  Any time soon would be a good time to get in.
Just buy calls, sell on Jan 8
[removed]
🤦‍♂️
Pretty sure they make money on P.O.S. fees and the interest goes to the banks since theyre backing the liability? Could be wrong
Grande Coconut milk latte with a shot of hazelnut. Cheap and low calorie (175). Taste amazing on a cold day after a 10k
*fuck graham Stephan*
I would love if my silly 53cs for tomorrow went itm
Of course yes, you can change your leverage from the following 500:1 | 300:1 | 200:1 | 100:1 | 50:1 | 30:1 and 1:1. On almost all of them they will allow you to change. They also offer 100% hedging margin.

You can also demo trade if you want to learn, but demo trading won’t get you anywhere mentally. Forex is like $10T daily the moves are extreme especially with brexit, covid and the whole USA being pretty much fucked. 

Mentally, You’ll want to trade on a small live account so the emotions are real when you see your $100 account go to $50 in a second. This way it’ll burn into your head to fully detach from your money.

You also don’t have to use standard lots the minimum is 0.01 / 1,000. Which on a 500:1 account is $2 margin
You just need some sleep. I popped 10 30mg ir in 2 days and had a 4 hr long panic attack.
that seems super legit and congrats on money
😂
Was he the one

Causing pain 

With his careless dreaming?
You're a madman.
Nio is a great buy. Nio day coming January 9th.
Could have also been a threat/security thing
I want in on the awards train. Got GME in my autistic 💎✋
[deleted]
Minus Trump's Tweets next year should be largely the same as this year (until it's not).
It's like playing yourself a dividend...  it's def worth it unless you're expecting a big run up.
[deleted]
Don't drink coffee since I am wfh I haven't passed by sbux during working hours. I need the DD hit me
Omfg
I saw you in that one Mars movie with Arnold. What’s it called...
don't belittle your penis like that
TSLA went up a lot, they have no choice but to sell. When Tesla dips, they will buy it back.
[removed]
Someone def wants it. Because, for example, it allows you to buy a $100 stock for $80 each. So in that case it has an inherent value of 100 x $20.
Short squeeze!!!!! 🚀🚀🚀
Oh Jesus fucking Christ you seriously don’t know how to spell inbreed. That’s so fucking pathetic what the actual fuck
Pick one ARK fund you’d ride for all of 2021 and why.  Go....
No remorse

No repent

We don't care

What it meant

Another day

Another death

Another sorrow

Another breath
F

Ford?
That is what I would do personally... The point is to collect fast theta to offset the slow theta of your LEAP... 

It depends on where your call is, but you can start selling calls above the LEAP if your LEAP gets in the money or if the premium is worth selling above the LEAP.
That’s what I was confused about too. My brokerage said it’s till 12/31, but maybe for shorts it’s earlier
Korean markets would be amazing because they are the most corrupt market that is considered a capital market and has heavy institutional investing. Might be in a bit of a bubble, but having small entries and building as it goes down or being happy with small positions as it goes up might be the best way.        

Food for thought: nobody talks about Korean and Chinese pharma companies. Might be worthy doing some proper Dd on.
Should always be able to get a fill if you move your limit closer to the bid
Adderall used to fuck up my sleep every time I took it, strap in for a long night
This guys got a point.
I bought more shares today, my award will be that sweet sweet short squeeze!
Vitamin c will help cut the half life if you are serious.
RemindMe! 16 hours
IN ADDITION TO BUYING SHARES, BUY THE POWERUP MEMBERSHIP FOR $15 TO MAKE THE MARCH ER 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏
If SPY hits 320 tomorrow then yes.
We need to pump up Nio
I factored that in
Like share price expensive. lol
Example: PLTR is at $25. I don’t think PLTR is going to moon over $27 this week, but I’d like to make some cash in the meantime while I hold my shares. I sell a covered call with a strike price of $27 to a retard who is willing to pay me a premium for their lotto ticket. If PLTR moons, probably a short term volatility thing and I’ll still end up profiting and probably able to buy back in lower once it retraces a bit. If, much more likely, PLTR stays the same or goes down, I keep the shares I already had but pocket the premiums. If PLTR looks like it’s going to tank hard and continue to tank hard, I can keep selling covered calls until it goes back up while lowering my break even point for the shares I own.
Flat is better than the anal fissures I got in Sept-Oct
Fuck this is sad my coworker is like this
dude... some sht always rips every day. i am sure this year riot and mara will be running big. the batteries and evs... FAANGs idk. S&P will be sht probably too..
[removed]
Max, comrad, you are good man. 
As i say here, Родома никогда не подведет нас, и наши руки никогда не сломаются
Nope, my cost of living is too high to be able to spare $6k at the end of the year, while taking 4-figure vacations, attending weddings, and simultaneously add to my brokerage acct
Oprah has joined the chat.
I believe you could say that about 80% of the market
Signed up for AARP today, gonna scroll through the benefits tomorrow and see what kind of savings I get
thanks i’ll look at that
Issa sign no DD necessary
I bounced earlier this week. The worst part about holding bags isn’t just losing value but not using capital for other bets.
Yep probably. One thing a lot of people don't realize is that the posted 1/3/5/10 year returns are Net of the expense ratio. So if it's got a high expense ratio, but still posted better returns than an equivalent index fund, then the fund managers did their job and beat the market, and you would truly have been better off, regardless of the high expense ratio.
[deleted]
It's from Young Frankenstein you retards. Also, Tesla may continue on to 1k who knows
What if your aluminum foil hat gave you better WiFi reception?
Abstract meme
As someone with TAN and ICLN calls /popcorn
Are we stilling giving out rewards
[removed]
Just got my hands on a 3060 ti so ill be a degenerate gamer incel the next few weeks. I love it.
Ah ok thanks
wouldn't v and ma be better plays?
Instructions unclear, sold GME to award you
Salvador Dali's final masterpiece
[deleted]
The thing I love about TSLA is that even with s&p inclusion, it still does its own thing completely. Also fuck boomers and Mitch McConnell
[deleted]
will buy shares for awards
There should always been a bid price if it's in the money. 

I guess it could come down to the bid not being reflective compared to the ask price.
Pretty sure the last day to harvest losses was yesterday for the yewr
Understandable, but the cost shouldn’t deter you from investing in an ETF like this. A solid investment is just that. Research each of the holdings, and their growth. I’m deep in ICLN as well, btw. Together, they cover a wide spectrum of that sector.
[deleted]
Fuck you
Oh no... anyway, buying the dip 🚀 🚀 🚀
Retards together strong! GME to the moon 🚀🚀🚀
I'll buy a share for every award given to this comment.
Not gonna lie I laughed... and cried a little inside too when I got mine. Especially the "say something immediately if this was in error" or something to that effect. I knew exactly what I did and it was on that day I knew I was retarded.
[deleted]
I was born with 3 nipples
Low effort troll post is low effort tbh.
Can I have a pick of yours? 🍆
If it's a red day tomorrow.  I'll NEED to make an only fans.
RETARDS SPENDING YO 600 STIMULUS MONEY ON REDDIT AWARDS RATHER THAN $GME. DONT LET THE PEN15 IN A SUIT GUY WIN
now he will forever be misunderstood
They’ve bought over 1 million shares just in the past 2-3 days...yet nobody getting on the train.
[deleted]
No you could always sell it at or slightly below intrinsic value at which point an algo would gobble it up.
Translation: stop buying reddit rewards and donate unto thee GME calls.
Only 1 more day left to get this into the 2020 record books, everyone buy in
only the retards get awards
I made more off pltr this year than he will make in 20 years
This happens more often than I would like to admit to.....how do i avoid this?
Just wait till after my $2000 stimmy
It's a sign. The winning play is to take out margin at 8.25% interest and buy 1752 shares at a cost basis of 16.23
I do that but instead of meth I use coke and instead of making money I lose money
This has been the flattest month all year.
Fuck graham Stephan
so 300 GME shares tomorrow... saddle up pony boy
Please, theta gang gets all the pussy.

They pay for it, but still
Ryan Cohen new GME tweet
I just feel the MMs will do some fuckery especially with the volume on the $700c. Is it confirmed numbers not coming out til Monday?
They are coming with a new sedan.
Have you driven past a Starbucks at 10:30?
[removed]
I think they’d be proud 🥲
That’s right Papa C 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🌑
imma buy puts on january 9th. its gonna be a battery day scenario...
I definitely ain’t read that shit after I clicked the link
thats why the price is going down, because people are losing faith and they are getting bored.
Aunt Jemima is fine af
Mychael may work at GameStop, but his brother Pychael will be responsible for your gains
Trippin fam. Would you rather have a girl with no ass but with great tits, or a girl with no tits but a great ass?
fbi be wilin!
Hope so
they will probs just release the usual non-info and keep the good stuff hidden.
THETA can suck my cuck
Sam little died. Bullish AF.
This was for my investment account anyway, I do much less research for positions in my options trading account.

I wouldn't get FOMO for missing out on something I decided I didn't like for that account like I would with my YOLO hat on.
Am I too late to join GME?
Can you also add a big green line going straight up to valhalla ?
[deleted]
[removed]
Maybe some GME 🌈🐻s cover tomorrow for tax loss harvesting. 🚀🚀
WSB: There is only one solution..

WE MUST BRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR
imagine being married to McTurtleShell. Sex probably felt like rustling a used garbage bag
[removed]
Christ, you’re fuckin loaded
Ol’ Mitch McDonald had a farm EIEIO
Priced in.
I mean, we’re up like 92% in just 3 months, ppl with jan or April calls are ballin out
Gotcha
fuck mitch mcconnell
All in plus every last bit of Margin you can squeeze in. Let’s do this boyz!! 🚀🚀
😂😂
January 2018 all over again ? 🤔
Gme bulls rise up
[deleted]
Dude 2022 is a long way away. Just hold Tim Apple has the ship straight
[removed]
Cohen can you plz stop tweeting  gay emojis and take over gme? 😡🤌🏼
go all in on GME calls. that’ll get your heart rate up another 40 beats per minute
It is a very strong stock 

What is it that makes u wait in line for Starbucks
Sig
you cant see that ass jiggle when shes sucking. tits, you have something to hold and theyre there as moral support. great pair they are, always there when you need them
been riding commons for a month 🚀🚀🚀
fixed now.
Like Dead college student surprise and slow acid dipped gringo? I heard about them. Not for me tho...
lol. WTF. 300 GME, tomorrow account dump to get to 600+, and then hold. All cash.
I want it to
you got that 500k delivery beat hype coming on monday
Leverage? Say no more, I’m in.
Because of the tontine warrent structure. It starts at a 2/9 meaning fir every nine shares you hold through the merger, youll have two warrants redeemable for 2x $23 shares. So buy a number divisible by nine to spend the least while fully capitalizing on the potential warrants. ...... i think. Idk im retarded
Free award for days? I thought everyone was bankrupt and working their ass off behind wendies
What’s his name?
Anyone getting an award here will buy more GME from the inspiration... they are actually primo investments. Shares, reddit awards and signing up for that gamestop rewards program someone posted about 🚀🚀🚀🌛
That is a statement. 

This is a reply.
Go to a loan shark and get 8k, pay off the margin and get another 4k in shares. Can't go tits up
Damn nice , flair as gains
I think his posts talk about it some
Ehhhhhhh... Im out.
He doesn't know we got our stimulus checks.  We all have $700 now!  And with the short trading week, we won't be at $100 again until probably monday.
Buy utz pls ty
This post has convinced me to allocate 100% of my 401k into GME shares
What if AAPL is secretly bankrolling the anti-maskers because masks screw up Face ID?
This is why I buy when WSB bulls are sad and outraged.
No they aren’t, nobody is losing faith, that’s not how stocks work lmao
Retard question but what happens if you buy a LEAP and it is deep, deep ITM near expiration? Is it possible nobody would want to buy it and all you could do was exercise the option?
If JMIA shits the bed I’m homeless.
Fuck, I think I'm too late.
Well uh this entire forum had LEAPS for MSFT $200c last March and they all expired worthless soooo
Until u smell 👃 underneath them
I read less than 10%
I have liked legs since my youth but nothing beats some nice tits
Just got my hands on a 3060 ti founders edition and I'm feeling like an incel I love it
Absolutely do not go seeking fucking yolo gains with that money. You have no idea how lucky you are. The fact that you came here asking for advice means you are absolutely clueless. “Congrats, and fuck you.”
Y
you're so right. I forgot all the hospitals only operate 9-5
MMs on vacation
[deleted]
Reminds of all the lazer at the last rave.... i must be tripping again because I'm wanna go all in
[deleted]
Keep the $NIO pump going !! 🚀🚀🚀
If TSLA break 697... go in that tsla 700s.
Her voice is fake

https://youtu.be/1frdulgKqgI

No but really it’s actually fake
Yay
[deleted]
The board seems to have been taking it pretty 1 sidedly.. no handshake agreement here if you’ve ever seen the daily price action.
The conversion right now is hk baba is 0.7% lower than US baba. So expect a -0.7% open but then it can moon from there
[deleted]
I’m finding out in real time, that turkey stuffing will put Pounds on that ass. I’m in a bulk period and didn’t even know it
Tbh I think movie theaters are done
Tesla did double top and didn't push higher! I think the odds are in your favor!
🙏 heal up
If that’s how you trade just buy puts instead of commons
I made three round trips over the last 2 days... just trading... I captured $0.82 a share on the first one, but today was only $0.48, from $18.96 to $19.44.  Normally if I were sitting here trading, I'd be looking to capture the moves in both directions, but I don't at all like the idea of holding this short for any length of time.

We'll see.  I won't know until it happens.  Not keen on entering above $20, but if it spikes and it's looking like we won't revisit the $19s, I may go in anyways.

I'd like to be back in before 1/10.
I don’t give a fuck about a dui! I got two wheels! You can take away my liscense but you can’t take away my pride!
Does this mean take a loan out on my home to go more all in?
I bought spy calls near close am I screwed?
Had it but sold it around 100 thinking it was way overvalued, wtf do I know
I bet Ripple and the SEC are making a inside deal to make j POW more rich so I’m getting more. I know they don’t care about anyone but themselves! Ether I will be broke or super rich only one way to find out!
[removed]
It’s true I’m the wedge
📠 📠 📠
Well you might be gambling just because it's a short day. Also most traders will probably take the day off
When it dropped 8% in HK the other day it dropped 16% here. 🤡
Yeah, but that family you killed tho
But can you justify the sbux being higher now than Feb? With most hotels and airports seeing little buisness
Wait, what? You mean Richard Fuld? AKA Dick? The former head of Lehman Brothers?

I think this guy is made up twitter person with put together silly names including Dick Fuld's, which is, admittedly still sillier.
the people are losing faith, it will fall
i don’t doubt the desktop is top tier but mobile looks trash
CRSR is going to the god damn moon in the next month
Buy Nio. Nio day coming January 9.
 Buy more
I don’t know what reviewers are thinking when they say the camera isn’t that different. I have the 12 pro Max and the video stabilization is way better than on my wife’s 12 pro. Also that 2.5x zoom makes a difference to me.
He tries to please them all

This bitter man he is
Morning! 👋
I like TAN, it’s just more expensive
*you took those odds
Why the hell not at this point ....


Can I get my comment blown up with awards?
Nio needs to break 50 to moon
I hope her and Shkreli get married
no fk no hell no...
There are shares available. If not, the borrow rate would be much higher. Remember IBD is only one broker.  

I'm basically all in GME and have been for a long time, but you have to be realistic with it or you get burned. All the short squeeze tomorrow hype has been going on for 5 months. If you bought and held long calls or shares you made bank, but short term stuff almost always loses.

We are getting closer to DDay for shorts, but we are months away from a potential guarantees final nail
It could be a put or call
They dedicate their lives

To running all of his
wish I saw this sooner, just put everything I have in FORD
Plot twist: OP baited you and award farmed.
3 more huge production facilities, it’s a ways out tho
Edibles just cured my covid lmaooo lozenges ftw I’m still a walking zombie though
Lol
Whose anos?
When are we buying amc?
So since everyone’s fishing for awards... anyone got a gold to spare?
PSTH
[deleted]
Thats all I'm in right now I was doing well in other shit but needed a break from the swings so i bought ARKK few months out and just going to chill out for a while
my father-in-law is a cook at spy and he says we’re morning tomorrow
Someone please tell me that 2021 will still be a volatile year?  A flat or bearish market will be so fucking boring.  I mean, I guess I could join theta gang, but I don’t want to have to tell my parents I’m gay.
Wut
It’s private unfortunately
If he did that he’d be in the wrong subreddit because that would actually make sense.
Road to riches:

1. Buy GME shares on margin

2. Lend them out at 200% apr

3. Buy them back on margin

4. Repeat step 2 and 3 until rich. 


1100485% guaranteed to work or I'll apologize. 

Sorry
150% x 0
My DD showed the same results. We’re on to something
Pray for me. I have food poisoning a raging fever-think I’ll die.
You forgot severe brain trauma 🧠💥
I had 9k on 2/19 puts sold for 6k lmao
[deleted]
He added 🚀, it’ll get 1000 upvotes now
The US dollar is losing its value faster than the interest he earns on it
So glad I sold at $66 😂🙌🏼
Cool, I averaged down on some March calls lol
This is the way
[deleted]
Imagine not knowing it's a parody account
And legal maria juanita
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
How many shares could this thread buy! The squeeze would have started tomorrow!
Like expense ratio expensive?
Nio is going up. Thoughts
I will send a cat fact every hour on the hour to Melv’s cell number in exchange for two plats
instructions unclear, bought 1000 coins instead of 1000sh gme
[deleted]
guys i think i changed my mind. ive been an ass guy forever but tits are the way
PEP
Honestly, that’s the play 

Thank you for taking the time to point out the errors in my post. I’m gonna switch to playing prysmian
No reason for it to go below 16
Why is that dollar bill taking shits?
I believe he already said he probably won’t forgive them. Biden sucks. We need Bernie for that.
2023 leaps are cheap rn, in this for the long haul
This is the dumbest fucking sub I’ve ever been a part of and I love it more than my wife loves her boyfriend.
I was wondering about that. I just assume it's some bank and they won't notice. Oe it got automatically hedges some how? Not sure.
I just did a 1DTE today and about to do a 0DTE on spy tmmr. I believe I can see a pattern. Definitely not gambling
There truly is no other place on reddit like wsb
[deleted]
People who say SBUX makes over priced and bad coffee really don’t get it. If I want to drink black coffee I’m going to make my own damn coffee but my god DNKN can’t make the shit I ask for at SBUX 🙄 like not even close. I’ll sit my ass in that line once every other week for it. Calls on SBUX.
I’ve got 1k buying power and 1 day trade available. Buying only 0dte contracts tomorrow on one stock, let’s see how i’m entering the new year
Americans love to shit on Mexico but they’ve seriously got the most bomb ass Dorito flavors down here
Even FDs are expensive as balls.
MeglaDong red tomorrow
is this entire subreddit a meme
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/stocks-to-crypto the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
[deleted]
Ever wonder why we are so damn confident we will win? :) 

🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀

Jk I am a por.... for now....
[deleted]
So I dub thee bless with tendies
I think you are going to make some good money on this! good luck!
Lmao imagine putting TSLA. You know more money has been lost trying to short TSLA, then the whole airline industry put together lost this year. If those puts print. You’re an Autistic individual that has been blessed by the touch of god.
[deleted]
I don't need an award, I just want love. But that gold looks real good on you.
Sell calls dumb shit
Markets are likely gonna be flat most traders wont be active tomorrow.
[deleted]
I wasnt sure tesla would moon tm til i saw this
Fair point, I forgot that the Italians had bought them out but the hvdc manufacturing capacity is still stateside.
🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Market top is in boys
I'm debating buying 100 gme and 100 pltr in Jan. Either that or like KO for the wheel method
Cars.
[deleted]
How do you figure? I've been watching this toxic piece of shit for half a year, and I will continue staying the fuck away.
I bought a ton of ARKG the day before it went to 90 😂
[deleted]
What does a platinum do anyways?  Just buy shares goons!
[deleted]
right?
[deleted]
i have the pacific blue. i have seen nothing more beautiful and premium than pacific blue 12 pro... its god sent.
[deleted]
It is
All in on $PLTR 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
[deleted]
Give me an award too dammit
Always has been 🔫
Still going?
Legend says if you comment you get an award
I agree. This is hilarious. Forced diamond hands lol.
When I fart poo comes out
What the hell is going on you guys are nuts.
Nice, congrats on the wedding!
full day
Yeah, my airbnb iron condors printed while only holding a few days. Meme stock IV is something to behold.
[deleted]
Fuck !!!
Look Timmy, the retards are breeding!
Whoever is giving these awards out is working hard for us. Refreshing constantly for new comments to give awards to.

BTW GME shortsqueeze to the moon. Holding $5K position @$14 per share
[deleted]
Proud of you for getting your life on track dude!
[deleted]
Don’t hurt yourself
They’re just jealous of your big balls
Volume has been insanely low this week.
Sounds like what almost every rich person does ever.  


1) Acquire valuable art  
2) Donate art at 2-5x premium (acknowledged by nonprofit at inflated value)  
3) Write off inflated amount  
4) nonprofit sells art at market rate  
5) they're happy because they got a bunch of money donated  
6) you get insane tax write-offs for more than you should  
7) ???  
8) Profit
This is actually good advice though. Like if you're doing something that's consistently losing, figure out how to do the opposite and suddenly you don't. Otherwise you should average out to 50-50 before the MM rake.

That's basically how people figure out how to sell options after all
Should have done bull put spreads instead mine are @ 35/36
The volume of the buys caught my eye end of august. Ain’t sellin those any time soon.
Flat futures are bad for my TSLA FDs expiring tomorrow
[deleted]
He could've done Snowflake and made the easiest bear money ever
you'd be suprised if you browse r/thetagang long enough you'll find people who only use CSPs and only do it on meme-tier bullshit
Thank you, and sure.

So I'd say it depends. There are some instances where the market just doesn't like the warrant - like MFAC which traded for 60 cents after the announcement even though it was a high growth fintech at a cheap valuation, and there are some instances like PSTH where there is a cult following and the warrants are driven irrationally high on no substance.

I try to pick plays closer to the former. Under $1 for a non-Chinese SPAC with decent industry targets and management team is golden. Often times it'll be higher though. For example, FIII led by David Boris and Marshall Kiev (absolutely fantastic guys btw) was always high because of the founders' success with FMCI. I was ok with paying a premium and averaged 1.46. For MLAC and NBA, my current pre announcement plays, I got in under 1 dollar.

Anything less than a dollar seems to be a rarity as of the past few weeks but paying 1.50 is better than no exposure at all. You could also consider unit splitting as a cheap but somewhat capital intensive way of acquiring warrants.

As far as exits go, 6-6.5 is a great range to shoot for because warrant redemptions seem to trigger a sell off, and 6.5 is the intrinsic value of the warrants at the redemption trigger of 18, so gamma tends to become quite unfavourable after that point. Whether or not I'll sell at the announcement depends on what they announce and at what valuation. I dropped CF F A/G C M G and G P A Q/H O\_ F V\* immediately but held on to most others at least until the merger. So I guess it's very ad hoc, but 6-ish if you want to be safe.

&#x200B;

\*Bloody wanker of an automod deleted my post for these tickers
[deleted]
What the hell does an OTM put do ?
Investing if you buy calls. Gambling if you buy puts
Biggest holding in TAN, over 10%
[deleted]
Yessir. Those unregged brokers with 500:1 / 1000:1 forex leverage. 

A standard lot in forex = 100,000 or 1.00lots

With 500:1 the margin required is $200

Example move => GBPUSD; 1.36000 to 1.36001 amounts to $1. 
However, almost all GBP pairs move in excess of 2000 to 3000 of those tiny moves in London/New York sessions. Meaning that’s $2000-$3000 gain/loss in about 3 hours on an account that only needed $200.

Most retards in forex, myself included, max-margin meaning I will deposit $1,000 and use a 5.00 lot which means in a single session that’s $10,000 to $15,000. Gain or loss. 

A move of 50-100 of those little 0.0001 moves depending on your stopout margin level, will blow the account. Those moves can happen in a single second with GBP pairs.
[deleted]
Thoughts on Nio.
But isn't the value of the stock dependant on the company providing value to the owner? What's the point of a company with high profits of it doesn't return a dividend?
wow!! good luck :)
Welp boys, I did it. Biked 1000 miles since august. Who woulda thought that dui and losing my license would help me reach my goals. #blessed 🙏
Omg is this the place where a poor boy goes to get an award?
What’s an award?
[deleted]
no you retard. puts are for hedging. this stock barely moves why would i buy puts. you're butthurt af.
> Cute Booty Lounge

ticker?
No, we were dropping all day until the stock freeze. I sold some calls that day because it was clear I'd be able to rebuy them in the 8 dollar area. SHO gets hyped for gme every month or so and it never really amounts to much
you're correct it is easy to process if you already have processing plants, but a company that only processes it wouldnt be competition to MP as they would be working at significantly lower margins than MP, as MP will be mining it and processing it themselves instead of buying from others
Shoulda got 12 MAX
Haha why so serious chill man, why don't you name a few
"gildings in this subreddit have paid for 85.56 years of server time"

This is all you need to know to know how Fucked the subreddit is thats fucking millions of dollars.
Is it possible to gain 50 pounds in a week lays chips must be making a killing
Nah you’re not powerful enough to crash the whole market
Tell her to get back to work on ARKG. She's had enough family time. Time to come help her investors. We demand gains!
[deleted]
Absolutely true with regard to business school.  But I actually think I benefited more from an English degree developing the soft skills than any of my business major friends or retards here who learned everything they know from wolf of wall street
You never mess with the Supreme Leader or Bill Ackman
Funding for reddit spac secured
Why exercise and not just sell bro
NY post sucks, NYT is better
I rarely theta gang with bear spreads...

Bull put spreads on the dip is the way
[deleted]
Hypothetically I'd move to any lower economic development index country where 130k is enough to buy a nice house with good  internet access and just chill and travel for a living

You could set aside a small part of that to yolo if you're really that into it but like why

Also buy quantum computing stocks. When that shit pops it's gonna be buyout after buyout and a few will moon
Is this really a casino? I always thought I was investing in this market with FDs and monthlies. Someone just told me that I’m gambling
Ahhhhhhh I knew I was missing something.
[deleted]
Holy shit you are really that dumb lol. So many companies have so much to run still specially certain sectors. Stop messing with companies this place hyped or tech currently. I’m not getting in tech to make a couple percent if I’m lucky or if it drops
Tastyworks for options
I love the e46 m3 but rather have an s54 swapped e30, the e92 m3 that high reving v8 is so a good combo.
[removed]
[deleted]
[deleted]
That is blood red
Chinese shit -_-
Remind me in 1 day
Where u see that
TO THE MOON  🚀 🚀 🌙
A blessing from the Lord.
Can't go tits up comrade
What’s the c for after $29c? Why not just say $29
Spy puts probably gunna print. Nothing else
[deleted]
Looking for my GME DD. Think I found it.
FUCKERS KEEP THIS UPDATED !!! I love loss porn
Platinum is for peasants
There are a few Farmington’s out there. I just happen to live in the shittiest one 🤡
I also always seem to mess up during a merger, so I end up holding. Except for Canoo I sold at the right time
Obviously you didnt get the memo all companies are frothy and overvalued.
Nah unless you’d call being somewhat attracted to her misogynist
Every time Tesla’s goes up some retard posts the same shit.
I'll just keep going farther out. Holding 3/19 132.96c's now, hope to sell a few on the way up and buy more farther out on dips.
?
Surely GNOG calls is the play?
It’s been a boring couple of weeks tbh.  Hard to trade low volumes so been most of it out
How the fuck is the canadian dollar so high compared to USD. We printed way more per capita and oil is still not that high? What's going on???
Yo dawg, when you join theta gang, you can make 100k on your 100k
Once GME comes back down to 15 I'll buy back in
[removed]
[removed]
I mean I read the downers and wonder why because I’m aware things get pumped I’m with you with simply looking at it and noticing it makes sense. Maybe we’re all jus reconfirming each other’s bias but it just makes too much sense
Great comment. I am interested in learning more about volatility forecasting. Price forecasting is obviously a difficult game and often fruitless. Could you maybe share any resources or books which could help someone gain knowledge in this area?
It sounds like "no escaping that for me". But some people hear "No escaping death for me"
50k account and its still worth it. Well i am using margin. Essentially reduce my delta so I don't get margin called on gap downs but also collect theta and boosted gains.
if baba went up 5.5%, then we go up 1%, then they go down 1.5%, means only 3% day for baba tomorrow?
Happy new year guys!! gimmeeeee
Facebook
Can’t relate 🤷‍♂️
Can you make it a 3x?
Only reason I miss it is the Face ID doesn’t work when I wear sunglasses. Wish I could use a finger print sometimes
Stop doing fucking blow, trust me, it ain’t it chief. I’m talking from experience.
Anyone know anything about OZON?  Worth a look or Russian garbage?
[deleted]
Technically your shares have limitless upside as well
Use a *puce* star, no other color is more sarcastic
Puts tonight. Calls in the morning
Covid-20 confirmed.
GME to the fucking moon 

🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Lmao can you imagine the slippage on options overnight. Dear god.
Feelin cute might buy more tomorrow at open
Supposedly it was their second largest position
Eh not a bad choice lol. How’d you do?
I need awards!
[deleted]
So all the companies that are frothy and extremely overvalued. Damn you are a dummy
Why do you wake up with hate
30yo Field Service Engineer for Amazon-ish
I never said sell. Just buy the opposite.
Sold all my shares for 150% profit.  Will jump back in when it drops 20%,...
Gotta wear that mask to stay beautiful
Well... and you can also just buy a LEAP and sell weeklies against it to whittle down your cost basis.
why not both?
💎✋ bby
Somebody’s a DuckBilled Plat-a-puss tonight!
Same bro I love it!
Y’all seriously need to let this one go lmao
[removed]
Thanks for doing your part for Apple earnings
I'm gonna let ARK think for me pretty heavy for the next while

Cathie is killing it
why are you judging her for her voice? that is misogynist
Well let's be honest, he is probably making more than 2/3 of this sub...
Cannot lie I miss it when I am wearing a mask
Omg thanks for sharing this. I feel so much better about my greatest loss of all time.
I liked the first two seasons. In all honesty wasn’t that impressed with the most recent
Enter at 22
The red pill is that low income education is a put on your life
[deleted]
yeah I'm just looking at 5.3M and thinking that's ~50years income for me at best. Not even sure I'd bother being on reddit at that point
Yessir!
He got banned for saying the word g@y not even the f word smh
Is it? I thought it was a full day
I said that about the presidential election in 2015 thankfully no one held me to it
Good call it’s a great phone
I don't want Facebook collecting data from all the other apps i use?
[deleted]
Honestly if i become filthy rich i would be down to work menial labor for the experience. Just like 10hrs a week tho.
Damn I haven’t looked at that chart since like august it’s fucking mooning
full autist… Nathan for You meme √

full retard… managed to somehow do than worse than pillar and letterboxing √

someone make OP a mod post-haste.:)
So bread cheese
idk i bet if i actually made any effort to do dd instead of just picking the first ticker i see in this thread id be at least somewhat more successful.
To my knowledge RH gold is 1:1 (although you might be able to lose some value in your actual equity before you get margin called) but I know you can get 6x leverage over at tastyworks with their special account. Their margin rate is like 8% though
Its possible. But given that shorts are getting turned down when they offer to pay up to 80 per share for block buys, its pretty likely we squeeze
What would Bill Ackman do?

PSTH 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Y
tesla pre inclusion was fucking amazing. Sold 750 call for like 3k, and all that IV bled off after, now its back to ath. Easy anti sell the news kit.
Rolling pin accident?
Damn bruh that's so many zoom-enhances on Mike Pence's pp
Order a Big Mac and just remove everything but the sauce and see what they give you
Either rich or sucking dick under a bridge by 2022, no in between
What happen !!??
There really isn’t that much upside to GME. The pump is real.
Gonna be a wild June
Went from iPhone 7 Plus to iPhone 12 Pro today. It feels good to get rid of that shitty home button
Yes, but two of them in one day
Wuuuuuttt
Bullish
Holy shit, there’s a Farmington, NM?!
Nerd
Anyone getting in on Celsius?
amazing idea. Maybe I will get motivated over the weekend. I would need to license the song and put it together. Any video editing software you'd suggest for a novice?
Thanks for the tendies pb, been holding since early FVAC days.
Actually holding up nicely so far.  At current conversion it is still above US closing price by a couple dollars.  At its low so far of day in HK it dipped below the US close briefly and was bought up.  So tomorrow should be interesting on how US reacts.
I mean it makes sense, MM’s take our money cause we use WSB dd, MM’s give us platinum and gold to keep us on Reddit getting WSB dd, MM’s take our money longer. 

The cycle continues
Jesus look at all this autism
You mean if I did more
It’s gotta be Cohen dropping these awards 🚀🚀
True so you just waiting for the huge leg up to sell. Not a bad strat
They could merge with Cinemark or Regal and create a monopoly. in this environment, the govt won't do anything to stop it.  the alternative is it shuts down and thousands to jobless
I respect the diligence
Dump your baba calls at open
Yeah don’t tell anyone here but that’s been basically my steadiest money printer I’ve had the last couple months.
$PSTH, $NIO, $GME
You ain’t a hedge fund
Permits to process them, lots of those permits exist in Canada, and a few in USA, the mills just need to be retrofitted. If Uranium continues popping off it may be good for MP since the uranium people will be busy with that, but right now a lot of their infrastructure is idle.
MORE GME 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
What has this place become lmao
I hope you get an award, but not as much as me. Happy new year!
The award money spent on this post is exactly what I would expect bored 30-something millionaires to produce.  Well fucking done.
It’s half of two days
Minus income tax
Calls on somewhat sexy weirdly deep voiced women
heres a pic of osama watching tv https://www.abc.net.au/news/image/9111222-3x2-940x627.jpg
Exactly. Double edged dildo.
🤲
You’re doing it wrong. First blow her back out then ghost her.
If you give this post an award, you're gay.
These could print
Tomorrow is Thursday
And still prob guess wrong 

Cunt this is all a guessing game my friend 

All of it unless u have billions and decide where the fuck u wanna take the market
Hopefully we’re red tomorrow
[removed]
No shit right?  I double downed on Feb calls today, because I just can’t see this dipping any lower than $13.  
Don’t know what the fuck makes these SPACs work, but seems like it’s time for Bangbus to get pumping.
But then you have to sell, and that’s no fun
I need someone to write me more covered calls for $40 jan GME. Only like 80 available
Is it weird to order a Wopper from MCD?
If nio drills I might be +15% tomorrow, otherwise probably flat. Not bad! Better than red. Good job me. *places gold star*
Is it weird to order pizza from pasta hut?
that's almost all the investment money i have actually. and 1k more that i do day trades with. i am fairly young in my late 20s... so wanted to go a bit aggressive with 10k aapl options instead of investing. if apple goes up 40% they almost double.
In this market, it would find a way to moon
market is open regular hours on NYE, closed on Jan. 1
Something isn’t right here...
What platform do you like to do those options?
It’s only right for futures to be this gay to end 2020
[deleted]
Hoping for One more small pump for some of my holdings ( CRM, AMD, CRSR, DHI, KMX) so I can beat S&p 500 return for ytd
Imagine if Gamestop launched Achievements.

VISITED 5 GAMESTOPS -- GAMING SPREE

VISITED 10 GAMESTOPS -- GAME-TACULAR

VISITED 20 GAMESTOPS -- GAME-MANJARO
[deleted]
Jokes on him, half of us inverse ourselves, too!
Makes sense
Fuck it im in!
You stop theta from raping you before you have a chance to dump. Very expensive though but  usually worth it
[removed]
Now you're thinking like a retard. I like it. Love it even. Wait. Won't robinhood gold leverage your m1 margin 2:1 after it's deposited?

I smell potential here for a fucky wucky.
You convinced me - All in on GME! 🚀🚀
Do it anyways and use the $ to buy GME
Just do both, anything above 30 is 🚀
[deleted]
Im retarded confirmed
Those YUM earnings tho
I’ve never seen so many awards on such a retarded post
I drove to multiple GameStops to buy out whatever Pokemon they had for "Poke Investing." Probably spent a couple grand in December and couldn't make my loop of stores on the weekends because of the lines outside the stores. This is how I know GME to the moon.
That’s not too bad proportionally considering your ass is the size of Sacajawea
No one out pastas the hut
so its drilling?
There’s no way every comment is being awarded that’s retarded..
Ok thanks. I like the corn leaps
Peter Theil = The Reptile
yup
Ackman: $2.6 Billion profit 
Jesus: died for our sins LMFAO what a cuck
Toss a shilling to this PLTR shiller? *Pleas fly again PLTR, I cri. . .*
Polls are no longer reliable since 2016
Look at AYX it's considered a competitor to palantir, this time last year it was at $120 & it was at $123 when market closed today.  

However during this year it has reached $178 before coming back to where it started. 

So do with that what you want.
[deleted]
THE BLOOD MOON RISES
Haha you deleted your post already, so happy to see another weak ass bear u/RepresentativeEar234

Seriously though what kind of loser makes a post like this, doesn't provide proof, and then gets scared and runs away?
From your post: 
> My personal price target: 245 EOY and 270 by mid Jan, possible breakout before February.

The first part is certainly not coming true, let's see about the second one. I appreciate your certainty, but I think the market is definitely viewing the merger as having been overvalued from CRM's perspective, and punishing the ticker accordingly. I'm not accusing you of malicious intentions or anything like that, you have a right to your convictions. It's just that people on here tend to get swayed by certainty, so I was injecting some caution into the discourse. Cheers.
Anyone figure why KNSL 1/15 calls are so pricey? IV is redic without really any news or upcoming events/earnings.
I have some arkf shares pretty low but I haven’t had options for a few weeks
[deleted]
This sub (and my pet birds) might be the closest thing I have to friends/family. I love you all so much ❤️
I've learned more about business, finance, and politics in 1 year than I've learned in 12 years of schooling🤔

^(Puts on low income education)
[deleted]
Jesus knew a fair bit about finances. Look up the story of the money changers at the temple.
I see 🚀 and GME together, i like
No it’s a short full day
You may be the smartest or the most retarded of us all, either way I doubt I will remember to come back and find out.
A la verga guey
MM’s just here giving us our money back in the form of virtual platinum and gold
Full day
👨‍🚀
[deleted]
Is Reddit this easy?
*cough* TSLA *cough*
Np! Thats why today was fairly quiet. Expecting tomorrow to be much higher volume and a little painful. Freed up some cash to buy the dip though. Expecting a drop of a buck or two and then a return to the 20s next week. Could be wrong though so grain of salt and all that
Buy real estate for 20% down payment and collect rent. Then put the rest into GME.
Dick Fudd: "Then I told them subprime mortgage-backed derivatives can literally never go tits up"
Freeourgator2021 new Kony2012 smh
Gone already, weak ass bear lol
Oh I’ve definitely said more retarded shit around here
Yes
BREAKING: PSTH announces target acquisition company is Theranos
10k minimum
😂🤣
Eh if you were about to write a metric ton of far OTM SPY puts as part of a hedge then I guess you could call it fun
Purp king, why the lidar company?
Mitch McCumhole
Is tomorrow half day?
I’d take dicks because I’d get fucking wrecked if we go back to 320 tomorrow just because of “rebalancing”
Any smart people in here know about SSR (short sale restrictions) on any recent SPACS?   


I am hearing this is a common strategy for hedge funds and am looking to play a few on the next few mergers.
I love this place. Only here could we all enjoy gems like this
And they do the same to us tomorrow
5 hundred
[deleted]
Am I seeing things or is futures volume pathetically low tonight?
Is it to late for an award?
[removed]
So what’s the point of 2022 calls if you gonna sell before then lmao. Why not just get atm monthlies I feel like the gains would be similar
This is exciting
no f u
B4 PLTR options yes.
Imagine how much more you would get done every day if you just started doing meth. DD all night. You would have five desktops open to follow all your tickers at once. You’d be rich by 2022 guaranteed.
Or hire their own McDonald's worker
Buy awards
Be careful that beak can take a hand off
My sweetest friend... Everyone I know
And he even comes with pre-popped shirt collars!
Sold a bunch of ATM 12/31 BABA puts AFTER the pop (I'm a fomo genius) yesterday. Was a rough night including a nightmare of a tanking stock chart. Thankfully some Chinese dudes bought BABA last night. I think? It seemed like it went up after-after hours
I come to bask in the confirmation bias
By the way everyone who wanted a PS5 but could not afford is going to have enough to go buy one in a few days or weeks.
Retard here sounding off. This is the retard rebellion isn’t it?
Is it weird to order pasta from pizza hut
This nikka ordered pizza without sauce. Fml
No probs
Why are retards saying BABA is drilling in HK?Isn’t it technically up from the drop we experienced today?
so... do i drop this bag of goev? cause its getting kinda heavy.
Put it all in ARK and move to the Caribbean
that rover lookin fine.
If it's a red day tomorrow I'll make an Onlyfans
Bruh which one of you [did this?](https://imgur.com/gallery/qxgoAK6)
We been opening green and I’ve been getting my butt cheeks clapped. Maybe if we open red I’ll be green?!?!?!
Please sir, could I please have some more. *holds out porridge bowl in British orphanage*
Taxes may rise for you rich fucks! Split congress is better for the market, or red, of course. If I got that 2k it would be perf bc I could pay off my cc bill and still have bread for plays. Yet, it's kind of win-win for me my trading portfolio doesn't really follow the market unless it's a big sell off. Add some GME calls if you're doing 1/15 ones the open interest is ridonkulous for that date, especially the 30c. Plus, they got a conference and holiday sales report coming up before the 15th. Yea I'm hoping for another TSLA dip to open up some bullish plays.
wtf is gme
[deleted]
You suck dick because you like the taste not because you’re gay.
He’s just on a bender
Selling more shares short and buying puts.
Honestly, I have never understood why anyone would think that the hair ring and bald dome is a good look. Literally no chick has ever looked at that hairstyle and thought it was attractive, and no one respects a man that looks like that. That hairstyle is only fit for a clown 🤡

Edit: gracias por el plateado!
Cathie will pay my bills or I will be going to salvation army
Didn’t they already nip that theory on twitter?
[removed]
Atta boy 😏
What's wrong with folks giving award. Buy GME shares
I wont be helping you until you pay the invoice I sent for last time. My time is valuable.
PSTH entry price? It’s gotta tank at some point
Senior officials have security. You’d be dead
Could be sitting on 10 million soon!
My PS5 From Gamestop arrives tomorrow. Contributing to your shares mooning boys!
Lmao yeah I’ve never really cared about dividend, until I got a stock that had it and I was like damn free money, then the day after the stock was reduced with the same amount. Makes sense because there is no such thing as free money, but damn dividend is just pathetic.
Is this what you do for fun?
Do NOT a sell that. You’re gonna be just fine man. Let it slide back to 100, average down. January 2022, chart goes up and to the right, not down and to the left. Good on you for having the funds for these plays.
Mro 6.5c 1/15 gopro 8.5c 1/8 hpe 11.5c 1/15 corn 14c 1/21/22
[deleted]
[removed]
I will bet you $10k right now its not stripe
Class A for no particular reason
King 👑
futures flatter than my dick
Blasphemy
Are you trying to prove Mad Money wrong about this subreddit?
Cute Booty Lounge blows lulu lemon out of the water
I think he is just thirsty.
the king
They're a car company
Best quote from the whole thing
Tesla is the Chinese Tesla.
No good reason. Free my mans
yeah :/
[deleted]
[deleted]
Buy the high sell the low
expensive? not a thing sir
This made me lol 😂
Sexy time
What the fuck.

Long $YUM $MCD
Fun fact while researching timelines and decline percentages of previous crashes.

September 17th 1930 - June 1st 1932 the S&P 500 saw a 79.33% decline
One thing I believe you're able to do but I haven't tried yet is to take out margin in M1 against your value there, move it to your bank, from your bank move it to RH or whatever lets you go full retard, and then sell options there.

They say you can get a house on M1 margin so why not PLTR spreads
Noah’s ARK
He said something about gay but not F@ggot
Almost like futures are not indicative for shit or anything gasp
just sell puts
🤢🤮
BABA closed at 232.60 HKD on the Honk Kong Exchange, which equals $30.00 USD. The ADR ratio for BABA on the NYSE is 1:8, meaning a single NYSE share equals eight Hong Kong shares. That puts the USD price at $240.00.

China just theta-decayed 70,904 options holders.
I’m being extremely defensive and haven’t been doing weeklies which helps. I bought back to close last week at a slight loss and then rolled them forward. Def saved me from an exercise
I’ll always choo choose Cohen over Sherman!
We truly do live in a society
Doing the opposite of what OP asks.
WSB. You son of a bitch I’m in.
You can’t buy any LG stock on American platforms to my knowledge. The closest you will get is LPL which is a LG subsidiary tied to display screens. I’m still holding because KOSPI stock are relatively cheap on a P/E ratio even at the top, and it won’t hurt till the Korean Won goes bearish.
Just tell me you bought the ARK dips
[deleted]
Customer service is great, platform rarely goes down, fees on the lower side, have branches you can walk into
yeah i only enjoying eating my girls ass if shes moaning with glee
Kentucky waterfall
Will I get a reward for saying fuck GME?
Futures down 0.1% for five minutes 

wsb: BLOOD RED LIMIT DOWN TMRW
So why is gator banned?
You are not tying your money up, it’s just instanced yolo, I hold a lot of $70 AMD 2022 calls but I will dump way before that is up, and planning an exist day is fun since you are waiting for large volume days to offload. But I may actually exercise some AMD options
can i get gains
And they still haven’t aborted that thing attached to your brain
the idea is to make tendies. All i need is arkg to go up and we will be well on our way!
I hated reading this and i honestly wish I hadn't
Looool
Sir this is Bloomberg
TRUEEEEEE
I love telling you guys about my family.  I dont assume you give a shit but sometimes I just have things i want to share.
First 6 months are more stressful but they also sleep most of the time.  They toughen up a bit after 6 months.  My son is 1 year 9 months and still sleeps like shit though.
Why you mad?
[removed]
i look for it to break a resistance.  if it doesn't break a certain resistance it will consolidate and theta will eat up premium. it's a pretty recommended stratergy than instead of buying a falling knife. This time ahole Mitch just fked it. I timed it pretty well actually i bought and then instant massive green candle stick... and it was like 138 something next morning... then mitch... fkn mitch
This is fucking retarded lmfaoooooooooo BUY THE DAMN GME WE NEED TO GO TO THE MOON 🚀 🚀 FUCKING ROCKET
Yep, you win the 3 month challenge lol, now keep it up.
I thought it hit $140? I luckily sold at $42....
Yeah Diogenes was ballin hard on olive oil futures back in the day.

You would have to be careful with your language (and obviously make a generous donation to the church), but as long as you couch it that you’re investing in a shared business venture and not lending or borrowing I think you’d be fine.
Couldn’t if we wanted to.
What's an award?
"Haha, good luck retard" ~ Lead probably
I’d take those odds
Wow. It's 9/11 all over again except this time Osama Bin Laden is society.
How do I yolo gme with stimmy
If TSLA rejects 695 again it could crash down i think these could print. If TSLA opens green or flat ill buy some 0DTE puts
?
With put credit spreads, I am defining my max loss and capping my max profit at the same time.   


Using your example:  
510/500p 1/15 spread nets $250 (510p is $988, 500p is 738 for example, so 988-738=250 credit)  As soon as I enter this spread, $250 credit is added to my buying power, which I can use to buy stonk, deposit for lunch or just let it sit in the acct and do nothing.    


If NVDA drops from 530 to 520 early on after entering the position, the value of the spread goes up, say, to $400. We were credited $250, but if we wanted to exit this spread now, we'd be doing so at a loss of $150 per spread.  Since there is time for it to stay above 510,  we can hold on and hope theta decays at the price of the spread and hope that NVDA either moons or stays flat.  


If NVDA on expiration ends up below 500, the puts we sold will most likely be exercised, so max loss would be (510-500)\*100\*<number of spreads> which in our case is 1000.  Usual rule of thumb is to close spreads before expiration to avoid assignment after hours.   


Summarizing very briefly here, but there are several scenarios to look out for with spreads, just outlined a few, but I honestly looked at youtube vids and browsed some threads on it on /r/thetagang, /r/options, and even older posts on /r/wsb from way back when it wasn't a cesspool of degeneracy.   


I yolo my entire acct into it. So if I have $40k, and I'm doing a 510/500p 1/15 spread as my play, I'll do 40000/\[(510-500)\*100\] = 40 spreads.
Free gator.
I will ensure my entire family votes for you
Haha yep!
she could still do it and make a few billion
Lol you fucking retard, Arks PLTR exposure was reduced due to them increasing their positions in other stocks. They did not sell any PLTR shares.
It's having ginseng soup for lunch so that it can rally in the PM
 RemindMe! 1 day
Probably Shittron covering their short
Damn this shits crazy. Can I have an award pwease
We are just going to ignore the trust busting that is going to take place.
Haha fuck that sounds awkward
People really trade hoping for legislation without knowing what a lame duck session is smh.
Yeah I only do this with small amounts.
Jesus christ this sub really is the embodiment of weaponized autism. I love it
Sorry, that sucks. I’m so grateful I got married this year.
What do you think is the resistance? $20?
Easy money sniper
Amazon Go stores are amazing. Walk in, put stuff in your pockets, walk out and get a notification for an accurate charge of what you took.   


Makes standing in line for even self checkout intolerable at ordinary grocery stores after that experience.
HOW WILL 2020 END? GREEN OR GAY?
why is reverse cowgirl not allowed in alabama?

cus u never turn ur back on family
Bullish. Less overhead
[deleted]
bruh
There are more awards in this thread then dollars in my robinhood account.
It’s also the second largest holding in ICLN at 5.5%. ENPH to the sun
seems like he sucked dick
Lololol good point and same here.
Depth and volume.
Yo this aint no patty cake circle jerk hoss positions or BAN
[deleted]
[removed]
Certainly not complaining, I just think this is the last fun place on the internet.
Is gamestop at 5 yet
How hard would it be to get close enough to turtle man and slap him in the face? You'd be a hero.
What you mean think they’re getting it? I already put 8k on my cc I’m anticipation for the next 4 stimmys
That ship sails after year two.
I got one the size of a Sacajawea dollar
[deleted]
LETS GOOOO 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Wtf does this sub give awards to everyone?
Well this didn't play out the way you hoped.
The only way i can imagine anyone can legally invest $2k when i make less than $19k, is if they are retired and pulling money out of their Roth. 

It's not a low earners credit, it's an early retirement credit.
[removed]
Buy at open silly goose
[removed]
PAPER HANDS OUTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT
[deleted]
that sucks
Women love negativity?
[deleted]
What he do?
a massive run up? got shorted twice in a week? I'm going in.
Meh, just sell a put at the same strike and wait a few days who cares
Bought some today, been waiting a while for this dip.
[deleted]
MODS

Video proof
Does -0.01% count?

That’s basically bright green
blah blah bear fuk blah blah bulls delight
[deleted]
Helmets on and full speed ahead!
[deleted]
Its just conserving  energy for a whole cumsical moon shot for tomorrow's last day of the year 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
[removed]
That’s cause your friends have shit for brains obviously
You all clearly aren't autistic. If you were, you wouldn't be winning awards.
is it too late for an award?
i need someone to help me pop this ass pimple
FB? First blood? Her period?
So now?
futes.. why have you betrayed me
SILENCE!!!

The prpl king has spoken........


Buy the fuking stock!!!!
If she doesn’t even want it I can’t imagine I would still enjoy doing that lmao
A M C a better candidate for a buy out if they are in trouble
[deleted]
[deleted]
Idiots
Lul
[deleted]
tomorrow I'm asking my uncle about steel prices - he's an engineer at a company that makes die casting machines. Confirmation bias incoming!
Would def be worth more than NKLA. They had a product that people paid money for!
Its amazing how many words my 2 year old daughter pronounces as 'Fuck'
[deleted]
Added 200k to my plug position today at 34.1... I know I could’ve had 31 a day earlier but fuck it. Let’s go 38 into 2021!
switch to dash puts
I don't get to hang out with anyone anymore, you're pretty lucky
Two lock up periods expire in the next three months and they are huge amounts of shares relative to float. SNOW Calls would make me an anxious wreck right now.
Just buy more GME retard!!!! 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Christ, give her my stim check.  But, not really.
If she made it to the S&P before being defrauded she could've really left a mark.
Heavy risk on AMC
[removed]
Mods
You are betting that the company has great growth and if it doesn't your option is 0
LULU calls it is
feels. i'm a dad. went thru this with my son. u feel everything your kids go thru. when they're sick..you're sick. know what you're going thru
Did you sell some covered calls at least?
I am printing out all of his comments. I will frame them and hand it in my guest bathroom and slaute it every time Im in there.
baba drilllinh?
Hot dogs wouldn't be as popular if they were called pig anus and eyelid meat tubes
Nice
Your not. Go all in you autistic retard! PLTR 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
[deleted]
u/zjz
Mods

Edit: we got a potential shoe eater here
Just buy Tesla my guy, fuck zuck the cuck
Accurate. My options expire before then
Stripe gum sucks.
[removed]
[deleted]
damn no brotherly love i see... tough world.
🤦‍♂️
after CES limit up
[deleted]
Imagine the markets a ba 737 and someone just dropped from a heart attack.

Oh my god is there a doctor on the plane? No, the reddit admins banned him so people are gonna die
Oh god. Good luck with this post
Yeap
The best thing about shitloads of pltr shares is selling weekly calls at 100+ % iv though
[22k in SNOW puts](https://ibb.co/98NY6zw), going to pay off my house next weekend.
Yeah you gotta assume you speak at least English and Norman French, plus maybe some Latin, otherwise you’ll just be the village retard who only says nonsense.

Much like me today.
Mentally yes

Spiritually no
>I am clueless, hurting, and desperately need to get a leg up and away from where I am now aka depressed and feeling lost/stuck but I have 5 grand put away and I'm thinking of buying TSLA at the top .. If I invest that amount when do I get profit from it?
That’s the thing is I don’t want to tie up all my money for that long. That’s why I trade and lose it
15 minutes on Google helped me retain 15% or more of my retirement fund.
I’m selling next time I see some to the moon or diamond hands memes. That always seems to be the peak
They're some beautiful numbers. Congrats and fuck you bro.
If this is actually red at midnight I’ll eat my fucking shoes.
Could have pulled a Trevor Milton
Not to be sappy or whatever but sometimes I have more fun in these comment threads while I’m literally hanging out with my real friends. Thanks and happy new year retards.
That's what I mean, if it's down 3% I am Gucci if it goes up another 5% we are fucked
Oh cry me a river Mr. Down 44% still have 58 grand! Rookie #’s you could bounce back from that in a week.
[removed]
My story
If I were a smart man I'd have been selling calls above $100 all this time.
Well if he would just buy himself a nice affordable toupee this nightmare would be over.
We talking length, width or volume?
ARK is the first of its breed.
Mark this NSFW. There's clearly a giant penis, in a suit, almost directly in the middle of this pic. Unbelievable.
The waiters always look at me funny when I order tortured baby calf scalopinne
I feel personally attacked
Why would those other channels be any better? Isn’t the opt in going to be required for everything?
Free Gator! He a good lil bull
i see we are reivnesting our gains int o reddit.
Remindme! 1 day
Lol you’ll either be crying on New Year’s Eve or you’re gonna be partying ode... either way yolo 😂
What if i dont got a bath tub
Now they're doing drug prescriptions too. Jeff Escobezos on the money.
Wsb after hours is a special place. Never change folks.
what’s the news?!😭
Will suck dick for sub-100 arkg shares
Lol.. This has become a norm.. 0.1% down and people act like it's gonna be CB tomorrow..
Keep holding, way too soon to cut and run on a burner
[removed]
Lmfao, hope this is not your life saving. Gaiybear
Probably because everyone's coins and awards will expire worthless on Friday anyway.
It’s already drowning in WAP, isn’t it?
Not everyone has $100k to deposit in their RH account.
Literally just inverse your first instinct. BOOM profit.
The whole point in the comment isn’t to show off reckoning. 

It’s to show people what level of value is worth to the standard income ranges. 

That is, with the influx of Wendy’s stimulus check visitors... that with a win of 200k they could buy enough $AGNC to effectively retire at an income rate they are familiar with.
Do you think the printer will slow down if Schumer is majority leader?
Easy answer. Hold
[deleted]
Look at the big brain on this dude... god I hope you’re right
You can do some wild things with stonks only. Well maybe not wild by WSB standards but between margin and bull funds you're essentially 4x leveraged.

Also maybe it's the flood of normies coming in but I notice a lot of meme plays recently involve buying actual shares like GME, PLTR (which I am in but I don't have shares in either). So /allegedly/ you can replicate those in M1
They’d probably bury him on Mars
You know how you can get a root canal but dentists are really expensive so you go to that guy in the back of a nail salon? It’s like that but with stocks
As if, you guys have defined risk.  

One bad news event and I'm down 1500%
Moc
To be fair, some historians believe there is limited evidence of pre-Columbian human syphillis in Europe I think from sheep, but I’m pretty skeptical.
I do not care how big of an analyst you are..NEVER EVER BUY PUTS. For puts to hit you need 10 times more analysis and luck than calls.
[deleted]
He told the secret discord that manipulates this sub.
Direct trickle down economics
Bitchmade hoe
it’s that easy?
Lol bringing in the facts :)
So your saying there is a chance i recover financially from this ??
Do you take profits early and roll the spread out? Or just wait for it to expire everytime?
[deleted]
Diamond hand GME bull rock hard on 100 shares WE WILL OVERCOME THIS 🚀🚀🌑📈
What’s the most expensive ETF out there? Looking to see how high ARK can reach
Sir yes sir!
Don't you put that evil on me
get in tsla and bidu. then its all good...
[deleted]
[deleted]
You think it's gonna dip tomorrow..
Sir, this is a Subway
She doesn’t have one because I please her sexually but if she did I’d eat his too as a show of dominance.
🍉🍉🍉🍉🍉🍉 wants gator free
Big tech was clearly favoring blue this election
Does this make me a part of history?
Got it selling in the morning!
[deleted]
Keep them. It’s so far out.
If I am elected President the bathtub of every American will be 50% bigger by 2022. VOTE Tumbleweed today
Great to see someone with your profile amount contributing...may the Gods bless your future with many🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Here I’ll give you a play buy AmD, they are in all gaming consoles, once they absorb Xilinx it will revenue assertive significantly, 30-50% with cost reduction. Buy 2022 Leaps and make some money
Pump and dumps on specific contracts are drop dead easy. I wasn't talking about that.
Elizabeth Holmes biggest mistake was never taking Theranos public
Just be a fucking theta gang and collect dividend from r/wallstreetbets
Went all in at 21.50. We in this shit for the long run 🚀
You can quit Wendy's. You are retired in 2022.
Fideliy, Blackrock, Vangaurd seem to think otherwise. I didn’t get for the short squeeze, that’s just the icing on top (if it happens). GME annual revs are over 6bil as of last year, they will have close down 1000 stores by EOD tomorrow. They will be reporting positive FCF next quarter  and many quarters to come. With a market cap of 1.3bil, GME’s is undervalued. Now throw Cohen into the mix, Sherman and the BOD are worried they’ll be in the unemployment line soon and will do anything to mitigate Cohen’s ownership stake. Positive news is coming from both Sherman and his boys to keep the share price up and make it expensive for Cohen to up his ownership, and from Cohen to up his ownership.
He made FDX great again.  He pushed it up, by himself, for 4 months.
I made a return to the abortion clinic 2 times.
They’re leaps pussy
My main concern is how pristine the financials are. That is what makes me nervous about this company.
I’ve been waiting to see if it would dip at all but so far that is not the case...I guess no time like the present
Buy at open or wait on a dip?
They are called japanese you insensitive fuck
Bobby fisher, where is he i dont know i don't know
suckling pig sounds yummy, don't it 😋
lol @ assuming the US will continue as a going concern by 2022. I need my tendies now so I can convert them to yuan while the USD still has value and buy off a few Chinese administrators
[deleted]
1/29 fuck it
[deleted]
[deleted]
?
I’m also deep into PLTR, doesn’t mean that it needs to be pumped with little shit like this.
Admins are 🌈🐔 free my homie GATOR!!!!
VIX could be fun to keep an eye on.
Pretty sure we're being used
Any recommendations?
Babies are overrated.
well fuck me, now i have to give someone gold to  pay it forward
[removed]
Agreed!
[deleted]
[removed]
How’s your wife’s boyfriend liking it?
Cant wait for bill ackman to take stripe public😻
The bad days don’t make the good days worth it. Quitting after I hit it big
lmao
Thanks for the solid info. Currently at 300. Limits set for opening tomorrow: 1928, 1873, 1776 (last two are silly.. maybe). Going to dump one account in to get to 600+ (cash only), and then I am forgetting about it aside from my calls.
[deleted]
Looking at the OI on APHA calls for January, a Dem win is already being predicted. Something I noticed today.
Elizabeth Warren running for office again LOL
What date?
ARKG gang stand back and stand by
Significant Bullish sentiment did come after that post. Your 250c should have been for 2/19. Your call was chosen way too otm with no gain lock.
Always wanted a nice spec e46 or e92 m3 with manual trans. Only way to go on an M
There are better opportunities out there for a YOLO.
That’s gonna be Melvin when we own all the GME shares. Short squeeze to the moon 🚀🚀🚀
Retards unite 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀 Platinum plsss
[removed]
Shhh keep it down low😌
I can’t wait for NIO day to come, blow us away, and then rallying continuing. 

This will be the Chinese Tesla. 

55 EOY

HEHE
🍉🍉🍉🍉🍉🍉🍉🍉🍉🍉🍉🍉🍉🍉🍉🍉🍉🍉🍉🍉🍉🍉🍉🍉🍉🍉🍉🍉🍉🍉🍉🍉🍉🍉🍉🍉🍉🍉🍉🍉🍉🍉
Watched the ceo speak on YouTube for a while weekend before. Learned it there. That was when my ears started peeking up
He cucked me real good
Not me. If anything, options are giving me hope for a better future, as long as I learn to be less retarded
Puts on tsla have a 1% chance of printing historically. Not good odds
im selling everything and going all in on plats
AMD hitting $100 next month righhhht??!??!?
with that balance you should be able to negioatoe?
M1 will also only loan you 30% and only two fixed trade times per day

It's not for retard strategies
yeah np, hope you get some good gains! My current profile is too small to do CC on CRSR, but hopefully I can get something from just stock
Lose 10k in 2 days. Gain 3k today. This isn't going well
Straight giving me anxiety
Holy fuck, GME TO THE MOON🛰🚀🛸
Come gargle deez nutz bitch
AAPL broke that crucial 137 barrier and I went heavy in it with 10k in Jan 2022 leaps... Then Mitch happened... and now it's at 133. Should I cut that 1k loss or keep holding? I have mix of 140, 150, and 160 Jan 2022 leaps...
[deleted]
I guess that makes me a boomer
Please stop... being.
I wonder how much money in awards was spent here
320 by EOW or dick picks for everyone. Pick your poison.
Oh- I think you should invest 75% stock and 25% warrants and double your warrant position on a big pullback. That’s my opinion.
Sorry to hear that man I can Venmo you 5 bucks so you can gamble it on penny stocks.
zack Bryan has some amazing tracks. Great voice
That man definitely has a very phallic head.
how u know he was banned
Same. I probably bought some stupid ass shit instead.
If that's not a troll account I wonder if he's been traveling in "civilized" circles so long that no one told him...
Shit,  fuck, uhj 1000 shares at open🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
This man doesn't know the meme \^
Wendy’s
You’d be better off going to the 17th century when the first publicly traded companies started issuing/trading stock. You could probably set up derivative trading and/or market making, as well as independent accounting/auditing. Depending on the year there might still be serious silver/gold currency arbitrage opportunities between England/France/Netherlands/Spain. In addition to Ponzi schemes.
Yeah expand on your story pussay
Did you do class A or class C shares?
Chamath screwed you good, didn't he... Sorry bro, do a bit of DD next time. Best of luck.
I probably will, but I am not sure its AMC that I'll be paying.  They're really in a shitload of trouble.
On the Option page for a ticker there is a [Select] button on the top right corner of the screen.

After pressing this, you will see check-boxes appear on the left side of each Option Contract listing.

You can select multiple contracts and "flip" the BUY/SELL toggle to construct your multi-leg options plays.
This post is the embodiment of WSB and the legendary GME Gang.
Yes
Leg of lamb wouldn’t be as popular if it was called leg of baby sheep.
Remindme! 5 months
Also odds of taxes go up?
Not as good as the guy who turned 500 -> 1 mil. 

But congrats . 🚀
Calls on banks - because people out there thinking they getting stimmy 2k and they already spending it
Only on wsb do people go spending all that money just to spite someone
I voted for GA dems today so my ICLN leaps will print. Gotta look out for #1 😎
Praise him.
Pls be true
Stimmy Steve!!
I could have bought any stock in March/April and held, and be up more than I am right now. It’s remarkable actually
Stop being a pussy man. She may not want you to have anything to do with her kids and just want to fuck you. Single mothers are about their shit way more so than these immature thots. However do not raise nother man's kids unless your brother dies or you're someone's godfather.
Thanks for explaining
That’s always good to hear. I’m defiantly jealous ahaha. Good on you
Sold everything and went all in GME today
Did you just put a serious tag like this was AskReddit?

Put 25k in E\*Trades Core Portfolio, 25k in Acorns Core Portfolio, set both profiles to aggressive, and make bets with the sub or offline family/friends on which account is going to make more profit. It can be a monthly race and everything.

Put 20k in a high yield savings account (Varo, for example), set an alarm in your Google or Apple calendar to remind you, and forget about it for 20 years.

15k into a 5 year CD

10k to spend for funsies.. go eat somewhere fancy, buy a hoverboard, get the fastest Google Pixel or iPhone they make, get the newest fastest Samsung tablet, pay an artist to paint your portrait, go stay at a penthouse suite for a week, whatever you've always wanted to do.

The last 5k goes to me as a consulting fee.
I feel like there should be more Trevor Milton jokes.
Goalposts always move. Sometimes they are set at your mum’s and other times at your girlfriend’s. Either way we fuckin!
Just save this Hyperlink to your bookmarks bar [https://ask-the-8-ball.netlify.app/](https://ask-the-8-ball.netlify.app/)
Just about the warrants and shit, and how it’s a super SPAC. Nothing groundbreaking but I’ll be picking up a few hundred shares tomorrow maybe some March calls as well
I just exited all my stock positions and got 35k strike beetcoin calls lmao
You sound like the Funimation DBZ announcer.

This is going to drag out longer than necessary
Melon dad? Is that you?  Where did you hide my SOYB?
I just want to say I'm still trying to figure out the whole snek thing a few days ago.
[deleted]
The real barrier, provided you survived diseases and could explain showing up back then, would be language. English wasn’t standardized until the 1600s. You wouldn’t read or speak Latin so I guess that’d be a problem as well.
I got Rona in November due to sick gains. Was comfortable doing it after eating tendies.
Why are you in this sub?
It’s like a gift that keeps on giving. Fuck u all and happy holidays
*make a trade*
Handing out awards like candy here, damn
not to be a dick ... but YOU know that? or did someone on reddit tell you?
Yes, hate on something / bitch about something in your life.
[deleted]
I’d become Elon’s full time gimp for a platinum award
Yeah I don’t think it’s going to 45 but 20-25 is fair IMO.
Coulda saved 1000s....but it might moon tomorrow despite your feelings 🤷🏼‍♂️🤷🏼‍♂️
I went about 1/3 cash, was planning to do a little scalping before Jan 20. I have a feeling the market will not respond well at the beginning to whatever major steps Biden will bring forth in the first 100 days.
Michael with a y 🌈
Okay that’s a fkn juicy theory. And I was also trying to figure out if the name had a hidden meaning.
>GUHHHHHH!!!

-Goku, on WSB-Z.
❄️ puts 1/15 expiry, flipping teams has never been easier
Diversified. Real estate, 401k, memes.
You gonna be ok. Time flies. Try to enjoy this time
I’d spank trevor Milton for a platinum award
Oh man, this is going to be a bloodbath. Remindme 10 days
i just bought a tsla 280 12/31 so you can probably assume
Looks like I’m passing a $2k stimulus check to theta gang tomorrow
lol everyone flipping shit when futures is barely down. the last two days they were up and the days sucked, maybe this will be good
He does prefer the horse cocks, as long as they’re green
[deleted]
Tesla just closed out of its wedge, giant confirmation candle. Tesla literally $750 tomorrow
Yeah that’s the best part of theta gang. I don’t *NEED* the stock to do anything or go anywhere
And in one second futures are flat again. Ya'll chill.
It’s not really a YOLO if it’s guaranteed to print
People used to die from thousands of different things that are easily treatable today
You guys are like my family
Are the markets for spreads smaller? Meaning wider bid/ask prices and harder to buy/sell? Also, IV still plays a big role just as with any options correct?

Edit: is it just a safer way to not get theta raped and obv the further out the better correct?
What’s the next play for you on gme?
This is amazing. Happy New Year and what a fun way to end 2020. *WSB group hug*
How did u make this much of money? Just curious. Is this margin or something ?
Asthma’s not real
I was too busy fucking around with TSLA
You forgot 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
💎🤝
Watermelon stonks
You can't win if you don't play.
any more plats
This is literally true of any stonk, as stonks go up in the long term.
[deleted]
I think its the wang.
Their mentions of 3x price targets are nice :). My [tiny] position @ $13.85 thanks them!
Nope still Tesla because it’s better for the environment and Miami will be underwater if we don’t take action now
Wasn't there a DD about cinemark being the better play?
I made 50% on AMC puts today. 2.5p was making me greeeeeeen
Wait, this is for real money?! BRB, I need to delete an app real quick.
Can’t he only forgive federal students loans?
Movie theaters will be around, for sure. The question is will shareholder equity in AMC be wiped out before it has a chance to recover?
cant go tits up
Can’t believe it took me so long to meet Cathie
Corsair has scuf elgato and the best ram on the market they are going to the moon... in February, imma ride gme first
Gimme that foot long
[removed]
Only platinum awards make me blush
Gaytor doctor did nothing wrong except love too hard. If that's a crime here then Im gonna park an RV next to the reddit server.
Make a trade

Make a trade

Make a trade
Man... me too... broke as FUCK x 1000000
[deleted]
Does 1 call count?  I sold a few off in the great purge of December 29.
I went cash Monday anticipating major buying opportunities on Thursday. 

Ready to be a newly minted bag holder when the rug is pulled next week.
Most families had 8 kids cuz like 3-4 would die before 10 years old
do people actually like going to the movies??? We're not teens anymore... Like I'd prefer not getting ripped off for candy and popcorn and stay in the comfort in my own home.
That order was filled through many sellers and not just one individual.
Sundar is probably the biggest bear case for this play. 

To damn him with faint praise he’s an operator. 

However he seems to lack the vision for how the various disparate parts of this business should harmonize to create value. 

What is Google’s story? Is it a hardware company that churns out Nest hubs? Is it a media company with the dominant online video platform? Is Waymo going to crush self-driving cars? Is it this AI juggernaut? Is it satisfied with being the #2 by a long fucking way phone OS? Dominate email? I could keep going. 

It’s mind-blowing and also aggravating because you get the sense that this company could be so much more if it force ranked its businesses and really decided where to compete and invest resources. I might even say I’m bullish on antitrust because it would actually force Google’s hand on making choices. Unfortunately that shit doesn’t go to trial until 2023. 

The catalyst would be a new leader with deep strategic background who can make some of these choices. It doesn’t exist on the current team and there’s not bloody likely to be a shakeup as long as ads bring in 70% of the revenue and the shares rise (slightly) faster than the S&P. 

In the meantime Google is not run like a VC fund as others have posted. It’s run like a university. And I’m not buying calls on that. 

I am buying shares... because I see the real fucking value amidst all this noise but have no confidence in any timeline that Google can execute on in any of these areas.
Yea then go to gamestop
We're basically Wall-E
Me too. I'm about at cost basis now but excited for the future. However I won't be selling puts up to and shortly after lockup. See you at the moon someday.
GatorMD getting a new handle after the Cotton Bowl. Oooof
Unlimited loss!!
🌈🐻 don’t have shit on these 💎 🖐🏻’s
Dude where you been the past 3.5 months? It’s been talked about nonstop
He better be a doctor, he’s given me several prostate exams
[deleted]
Yeah they are trying they're hardest to manipulate it now.
Nah. Syphillis was brought over from the Americas.
My method is time tested. When I buy something it goes down. When I sell, it goes up. It's science.
[deleted]
Plat me in the face
Tomorrow. Water Me Elon 🍉
An ass a day keeps the dentist away
Sent you a PM
500 shares time 695 a share is only like 35k

edit: Im bad at math I thinm
[deleted]
From now on I’m inversing Sir Jacks a Lot and following Sir Cums a Lot
CNN is so terrible they need pump and dumps for viewers.
I'll never understand how asthma and bad eyesight didn't get filtered out by evolution
Natural selection
Anything toyota.
man that Toyota lady is annoying af.
How much is tuition now adays like 2 million?
Lol, looking at this... I bought some PLTR on Nov 27th for 31.39. Looks like I scooped some of Sankar Shyam's shares LOL
Check the 70/75/80 strikes. They’re jacked to the tits too. Someone knows something.
Stop being a bitch and bUyInG tHe dIpS, be a fucking man and buy at the ATHs
What is the appeal of CCs? 

I never really understood them, other than in a cash account/ long term account.
[deleted]
ICLN + Sleepy Joe, will it ever go down?
Diamond foreskin here
https://defector.com/is-mike-pence-packin/
Just a reminder since it’s last day of trading, you could have bought FANGS + M and held for a year and seen more gains then any stupid play you made
Just imagine if you had diabetes.
How is 25k worth 327k?
Youkiame just got reddit tendies. Well done
Guh
Best part about ARKG gang?

#ALL I DO IS BUY THE DIP AND MAKE MONEY 🚀🚀🚀🚀
Good vibes in here tbh, lot of people culled the past few weeks
Definitely and far less retarded
Did anyone see Soul and think that we are like those “lost soul” creatures, staring at our phones all day?
Stand back and stand by
🍉🍉🍉🍉🍉🍉🍉🍉🍉🍉🍉🐟
Civil war
Nope, I’ve always been fucked up
My favorite part about this is that you went into a physical store to buy a digital subscription...in a pandemic.
 Been working out great so far my wife is appreciative
Lol closing at all time highs keep lyin to yourself bro.
Wow, you racist
My visa is -1200 but I'm buying PLTR with my 2000 stimulus #marketcrash #bringbackthemullet
what is this platinum? will it help stonks?
Always have been, always will be. But they profit either way
i have asthma but also an irrational fear of going to the doctor so i just kinda suffer through it
Selling CC on SPCE $60 1/2022 tomorrow. If assigned I walk away with $54k and never have to look at the POS stock again 🤝
die off of natural cause of not able to breathe.
ha.. same 7x 1/15 13c with ~800 shares 🤷🏻‍♂️🚀 leh go
Nice
Get that fkn natty boh outta here!
My god nobody wants to read this woe is me bullshit.
At least as often as you floss.
Just get some student loans before Jan 20. Biden gonna forgive them. Literally free money.
IT'S BEEN 10 SECONDS WHAT IS WRONG WITH YOU PEOPLE
Sounds like a shitty life
[deleted]
*"I'm not balding, I just prefer this look is all"*
Goo goo BABA
Standing by Sir!
Listen up you beautiful tards. Free gator or I'm telling JPOW to turn the printer off!
“What are you doing, Mango?!”
Trying to do something similar with nio, yay or Nah?
EVERYBODY GETS ONE





except 🌈🐻
I don’t know how to read but I do like all these stickers
Bruh I’m there right now and didn’t even know. New normal
AMC 20 min from me closing down
Not all of the pieces are wishes. The activist investor is reality. Console sales is reality. GME purposefully closing stores is reality. The problem on WSB are those making spec plays...

The $20 range is iffy territory to be in. If GME blows out the quarter, well, that's priced in. If they miss, there'll be blood.
Tennessee top hat.
why would you even make a wsb 8ball if you were going to make “buy puts” one of the possible answers
GME to the moon!
Brag all you want mang
I thought it was AI, IOT, CPUs.
Haha no just riding the wave cutie. Its my money not my parents, but assume what you want
Yeah but you have to be a team player you know? Everyone would just do it because it props up the artificial system and it’ll keep going infinitely forever.
Compared to the newest newbies I am, but not comparing myself to years ago. I was here before then, just lurked and lost my ass.
If mods keep banning cool kids like GATORMD us pleb ass retards might just rise up and stage a coup again those 🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🐔🐔🐔🐔🐔🐔🐔. #FreeMyHomieGator
PLTR $70 calls 1/15/21 for the surgery
Happy \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ anniversary!  (insert how long it's been since you matched. Works best if it's been a long time)
Bj@Wendy's
I'm guessing a government control digital currency will become a thing. China is already creating one I think.
60k deep long term baby
Alright buying gme shares at open again, already holding a bunch of $30 April calls so hopefully those can survive any implosion.
IT IS WHAT IT EEEEES
Ready for spring! Let it melt
People used to die from diarrhea so probably
Soo why not take the cash then buy shares? 320k is more than enough to buy 500 shares.
Man press select and click them
My penis?
This is a fantastic exchange
when keepin it Russian goes wrong...
He's obviously a veterinarian
You’re looking at them for the time Being.
True and physically
Just do what I do, use fidelity for actual stocks and yolo options on robinhood
True story. Small red county in a blue state, old money town, reservation in every direction, dirt and sand. Best you could do is fuck shit up in choke cherry (the glade).
I switched from buying digital downloads to going in store to GME to help pump Q4 numbers. Fuck the gay bears!
I was going to get calls lol
Super bullish on puts
Are my fb 270 12/31 puts gonna print? More of a hedge for my nvda calls anyway
blood red circuit breaker
[deleted]
Can confirm.  Am bull.
Let me know how that works out for ya in a year okay
Your sacrifice will be rewarded 50x in post squeeze TendieTown, may Elon bless you brother
By the second one you’re like “naw he’s fine”.
PLTR us a long position.  ...or potentially a sell halfway through JAN after the pump in the next two weeks to load up in mid FEB.  Either way, you can't be too wrong.  LEAP it or just own shares.

GME is an easy 4th quarter earnings *hold*.  The shorts will be out by then.
Will bears be fucked? Find out in tomorrow’s episode of stocks only going up, or maybe down.
If you call -.10% a dip sure
Happy cake day. Have a snek.
my guess is Sir Jacks Alot or DeepFuckingValue got a little bit of that fuck you money
ain't finna be no dip
Fuck I wanna be in crsr but I agree on the February thing, but if gme shorts I wanna ride that bitch to the moon and I only go all in at a time, might have to diversify for once
I didn’t mean to humble brag. Just small compared to my yolo.
Remindme 1 day
Good luck bro donate to charity once you cash out 🙏🏽
[removed]
All of us I think
What’re your buys for 2021?
Ryan Cohen, please take me to the moon. Take all my Christmas money ⛄ 💰
They just aquired precor to outsource that problem. More reasons to go all in
GatorMD the bull Jesus, he died for your calls
GME gang has the most retarded strength and I’m glad to be apart of it
Shorts don't even make money who cares?
can some WSB millionaire pay for my college tuition to become a software engineer i’ll pay you back
Yo
The CIA won’t let that happen
Just shake him it'll reboot his cpu
Yeah, used to sell snowboards at a resort.
Don’t know what BFF is.
Fake doctor
What did people with bad asthma do before there were asthma drugs? Just die?
What’s there to read before it even finalises a target company
LMAO u deserved that…
"small" stock position more than my annual salary
If they knew it was going to increase the next day no one would sell anything.
why
It’s jerry from Rick and morty
🤤🤤🤤🤤
Yeah we're all switching to chinese dong or whatever the fuck they use
Should I reopen on hinge with this dime where the conversation fell off or cut my losses? Tips on a reopener?
I was going to invest in pltr and gme today and tomorrow . So instead I will sell all my pltr and gme ? Sounds like a good way to go tits up
See, now you're getting somewhere with your argument... Except for this "massive lack of liquidity" that you keep pointing out, but showing no evidence of. It runs contrary to what the majority of numbers and DD out there seem to suggest - that a large percentage of shares are already owned and not borrowable, and are already shorted.

So again, what I'm asking is that you show something re: this "massive lack of liquidity." Not that you prove a negative, because you're right on that front - it's not possible in this case, but that's also not what I asked for. For the good of this (potential) meme stock opportunity, this sub, and if you're right, the tendies so many people here are betting on.

Is that fair?
Well they ended the year with 7 machines and they mentioned they would have about like 13 by year end. So I think their expansion is bullish and they’re profitable. That and the fact that those loan warrants are cleaned up allow their reporting to be more clear.
I’ve never seen anything like this... platinums being given out like GME giving these tendies
Fuck that
So we buying the dip tomorrow boys?
Yes. But if the price goes down a lot next week he can sell with a profit before expiration.
Buy at least 1,000.  I've been fuckin with penny stonks more lately, been happier doing that than meme stonks.
🌈🐻 market starts in 2021
I feel this.
ARKG gang wya?
Bears gonna be real sad in the morning
I'm so proud of this community
Uffffff
Did you just wake up and decide to be the gayest bear you could be?
you probably watch anime too don't you fuckin disgrace
The stock isn’t immediately delisted right when they announce the merger. Your calls will print because everyone will bid the stock price up to what Roche said they’ll pay at finalization. Finalization will be months after the initial merger announcement. Idk exactly what happens to options after GILD is delisted but you’ll have time to sell, and at a hefty gain.
Because they can take your money on the way down too. 

We’re all sheep here, being fleeced.
DOESNT afraid of anything 💀
Suburbs too. Orange County Cali here n my house value went up almost 10% this year.
FREE MY HOMIE GATORMD!!!!!
Pay off all debts. 

Take out 50k to fuck up and lose playing wall street trader at home and don't touch the rest. Live off of your yearly income which is ample.
One is normal and the other is muslim
Chinese, Marijuana, and clean energy stocks were up

Big tech was down.

Looks like a blue senate rotation..
Or you know, the biggest challenge for peloton to date has been actually manufacturing and delivering bikes...
Gator is my homie. I cant believe he got banned in here. Real fucked up dystopia shit going on in here lately.
No toothbrush though
I'm doing this
please don't give me platinum
[deleted]
has been made Ichan's bitch:  Jesus ✓; Ackman ✓
[deleted]
This appeared on TikTok recently: https://m.tiktok.com/v/6911499902908501254.html?language=en&preview_pb=0
Eat fresh
I’m pretty sure this is only the kind of thing you would find on this sub
I was shocked by it also. Of course that's assuming it's true coming from this fucking zoo.
Definitely. I’m eyeballs deep in ARKG. That 10% correction was good enough for me.
I wouldn’t be in the stock market at all if I had an annuity $130k/yr guaranteed for life...
Yeah definitely doing a Yolo on GME
I jumped in on calls this morning and made a quick 450
[deleted]
guh
The guy in the picture looks like a billionaire.
Should I buy BFF shares at current price?
He is committed as they get!
With robinhood rate you can just buy at&t or realty income on 2:1 margin and hope the market doesn't shit itself and trigger a call
he's probably kicking his dog cuz his gators are getting waxed by the okies
Metals dropping due to dollar spiking. Who falls for that anymore? Everyone knows the dollar is dead.
Do u think a lot of ppl are about to sell their shit tommorow
You could also hit $15M at a Casino slot machine, my point is go to a casino more often
Damn succession season 2 was ahead of its time
Bulls we gotta bring back gatormd he’s good luck for our calls. 

How we supposed to survive the stonk apocalypse without a Dr.
Red at night, bulls delight
he’s not your son
you can't maneuver into this business quickly. These metals are often paired with radioactive materials, which means it takes a significant amount of time just to get permits, let alone scale up to be a competitor with an established company like MP
ENPH just announced SandP inclusion
Altria has been a piece of shit. That was the first stonk I bought in 2006. It was pretty good for a while. I never sold it, never really bought much more, but fuck that piece of garbage. I can't look at it anymore.
There’s nothing to do there. So yea! All there is in Farmington is hookers and cocaine.
[deleted]
Dang man having a baby is tough. My son is 2 months old, he’s been really sweet so far and not really a crier. Today something is off, I think his stomach is upset, he’s been spitting up and crying frequently. Called the doctor and he said it’s fine, literally breaks my heart to see him suffer and he can’t even say anything, he just cries 😔
Wow big package
Got cucked so hard by AAPL and NVAX today. Maybe it's time to be a bear and pay the gloryhole a visit. 🌈🌈
Shake and bake
You should change it so that the money flashes its dick at you, then you look, and then suddenly it runs downhill and off a cliff.

Also thumbs up for drawing an out of shape stick figure that is seemingly balding as well.
I swear to fucking god ya'll futures aren't even down that much calm the fuck down.
With a mullet and a mustache I’m guaranteed to fuck your sister
Such ill-advised spending... On WSB of all places, who could've guessed
Just cut out the middle man & swing blood diamond futures
Thank you idiot. I love you
SIG ZLC
You're doing it wrong
Correct
someone give me gold dammit
🌈 post of the day 🏆
Same here I’ve only been approved for selling covered calls.
if they can stop a stock from going down by freezing it, why can’t they just infinitely pump the price artificially. for example: you can’t trade PLTR on our exchange for less than $30. then 31 the next day, etc. Everyone gets infinitely rich forever, alternating between buying and selling and just constantly raking in cash.
Didn't expect that. How about my first platinum?
Doubling down on SNOW puts, care to join?
This is fun....300 @ $12.50 💎 👐...no awards please, my reward we'll be sweet sweet tendies 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
TIF
Dude that’s fucking insane. Were these kinda a shot in the dark or did you think they would print
Refer to TLDR
it would have printed more if you bought at open today
DIS 200c 2/19 is the better play.
You get $200 for each extra chromosome.
BUY THE DIP  


GME TO THE MOON  🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Who cares
Tesla BYD Li Xpeng and over 100 others
Read: “Please pump my meme stocks. I want to make money off all of you”
You’re actually a dumb fuck.
Hitting 2021 broke. Thanks guys!
Nothing more annoying than doing hours of DD on a stock only to slowly put together that its a shit investment in about 5 minutes after all that reading.
Yo he’s jacked
honestly I've come to think - personal happiness as long as you're not hurting any else is a primary metric in my life. Helping others is second.
That was my thought process today
All my buds posting it on $SNAP - too bad I can only grow the skullet
Yup.  Most importantly, look at the last half hour of the volume.  Well over 3mn shares volume and it went up a couple cents green.  What does that tell me?  Someone tried to dump big time and failed spectacularly.  *25 is the support*.
GME cuck checking in for shiny tendies!
[deleted]
What if the answer is yes
Karma is a bitch my man
TIF
Fuck all in tmr at open
Unless the company goes bankrupt
Just read about PSTH for a couple hours at work, this shit looking mighty fine
Is Walmart partnering with AmWell?
Stop feeding them. They shit everywhere.
Way to jump on the grenade. Let me know what to sell for you.
I just want to be like you when I grow up
GUH
i would give this post a award if i didn’t lose my money on spy puts.
2024 area but yes, especially cbd extracts.  Every senior is super curious about cbd, 60 to 80 year olds is 15% our business for oils
Pls don’t bring the mullet back in style. Everyone who wears that looks like a sister fucker
Nom nom nom.  ICLN is the way.  To $40 we go.
Haha the whole of wsb is so impatient
because every large private and public enterprise will be using their infrastructure going forward, at least in the west.
Yeah /r/thetagang is about that "selling puts for $300 a week" type life meanwhile I'm out here tryna get $10k every two weeks lol
Hold x to doubt
More details please
2020 has been great for me as well. Didn't make as much as you but up more than 100%. Here's to hoping 2021 will be even better.
>They do, and that's why it tends to be hard to find.  I honestly have no idea why they and their options have such high liquidity.  
>  
>One particular instance was with B -J \_R- I  (automoderator banned ticker for some reason). One of their OTM January 2021 contracts (3 months out) was trading at a 5 cent spread. I buy 10 contracts at 20 cents to test it out. See a simultaneous order come in on the commons stock order flow. I buy out all of the options at the ask and then put a bid order for some more. The stock is up about 1 dollar from where I started and there is almost no volume except for MM orders simultaneously timed with my trades.  
>  
>Anyway the option spread goes to .40 bid .80 ask.  I put in a 1 contract bid to .45, the algo puts a huge bid at .50 bid, I put in one at .55, the algo ups it to .60. So on and so forth until the algo moves it's bid up to .70 and I dump all of my contracts right there, essentially making 200+%.  
>  
>My hypothesis is that the algo priced the option with Black Scholes, but didn't take into account the fact that the option action was what was driving up the stock price and IV in the first place. It didn't account for endogeneity, so to speak.
At least you can see your money....
Sounds like jail time.
Wow amazing
Lmao yeah uhhh who else would they be competing with?!
Lmao you read through my post history congrats, go get a life mr bear
htf you hold this through march
wait so people intentionally close their positions at a loss? so that they will have lesser capital tax to pay for?
I’d probably not fucking work at all, hypothetically
Need to find the quarters in my couch to get $160 to buy a share as I don't have money to buy an actual peloton bike
Etrade is good
[removed]
I love it. 8d chess.
There we go, might as well hit that remind button 😤🚀🚀
It works!
Little question if you don't mind. I've been playing SPACs for a while and slowly transitioning to warrants for better gains / less capital. 

What is the price you target when buying warrants? Currently all warrants seem to be between $1-$2 for pre-announcement Spacs. Do you try to buy at like $1 or less and sell on the announcement pop? What do you consider a good entry / exit? 

And congrats on the MASSIVE GAINS👏
Shutupman.jpg
[deleted]
Lol like Megalodon Mitch knows how to use Venmo 😂😂😂
[deleted]
I like them. You can return it for free if you hate it.
Where is my money
I’m long on IBM. Their new commercial push during all NFL, NBA games I watch is a testament to their ongoing identity change. A lot of people felt that Microsoft had fallen off during the 2000’s; the stock price was totally flat. IBM has the resources to do whatever the fuck they want. Y’all retards gonna be shittin a brick when the hype starts.
1) create a charitable foundation 

2) gift highly appreciated stock

3) sit on the board and pay yourself a salary
She has two kids. Have some fun if you want but what man wants to raise another man’s kids? No reason to feel bad for someone else’s life choices dude.
I should clarify that the grand was and is a very small part of my portfolio, so it didn't cause me great pain. But I am posting here to save people from losing all their hard earned money.
hcim btw
Low key solid roast 7/10
You sound like someone who’s gonna get clapped and be like, “this isn’t fair, my parents have money, I’m smrt”
What the fuck is this shit. What have we become.
Harassment if true
model s hasn't been updated. model 3 is much newer.
Pourin a glass o whiskey to ease the night
Commenting for the free award some idiot is gonna give me
[deleted]
after shooting to 38, collecting a bunch of FOMO, cratering to 3 to shake out paper hands
Damn you must not have heard....
Idk if you being fr
These awards and whatevers cost real money?
puts on your self control
The CNBC pumps are helping.
[removed]
You get extra because you're retarded
Reminds me of college
i would say his jokes are pretty lame, but he is like 40, so i will just ignore his jokes and listen to what he says
Desiiiiirrrre
Maybe it’s because there is a stick up your butt. 😁
Found the guy killing all his trades
the award giver has more money in reddit than i do in my account
*Gasp*
looks like rug pull is last day of 2020
LULU and BABA, hate the sound of the tickers/company names. Also CROX, garbage product.  KODK, scam company.
Sure as fuck wasnt me
who is the whale reveal yourself
This is the way
I love their mattresses.
first time i did molly i didnt know what was what so we got a shit load, poured the pile into a plate and i went ham. 5 minutes later literally cant stop dancing and i stay up for a month straight on a complete binge that developed into insane paranoia
But you’d be so rich
[removed]
same thing
Is this the new stimulus package? 👀  https://www.instagram.com/p/CI8RJ1XMSpV/
[deleted]
[deleted]
Stock crash tomorrow to do list 
Wake up 9:28 
Sell all my stocks 9:31 
Buy Rogaine and go to gamestop
Taxes
I suggest a tall glass of beer. Good luck OP!
[deleted]
Damn.  I’ve been in it since $18 a share.  Been watching since it was $5
[removed]
Yes
Probably- but genomics is very moaty and they are a first mover.
Spell her name right at least.
On the 1D yes.
If I had a cent for every award in here, my robinhood would actually turn green
They are.
Forgot the /s but i love my model 3, got a loaner model s when i took it in for service, and the model 3 has a much better interior imo
[deleted]
I saw your CRM post, thought why not, and chucked a grand into 250c 12/31. Throwing cash into a 🚽 would have given me greater pleasure. For that reason, I'm out.
We should all agree to a stand-alone fucking bill.
Live fast, eat ass
might have a chance if dems agree to pass a balanced budget amendment. we are $28T in debt
Really depends on China. If they continue dumping, then no, there won't be anyone interested in that business except for a government drip. If China closes the gates then I think a lot of players will maneuver very quickly to enter the market.
different strokes, i guess
Bro no syphillis no AIDs though.
How do I buy stock in wedding ring companies. I feel like engagements are going to sky rocket once the pandemic settles
[removed]
Long $LULU??
🤡🤡🤡
Yeah downloadable games aren’t going anywhere.
lately real estate gains have been huge in big cities
Amazing
He wants to hold the underlying stock aka bullish.  Selling the option leaves him with just cash.
Hold the fucking line bois retard strength is the strongest
100p
Haunted cabins adds a potential entertainment option on all cruises. Bullish AF.
[removed]
‘Convicted felon, financier and philanthropist.’
If you buy 5 dollars of every stock and cut losses at 25 cents and add another $5 at 50 cents will you go tits up though ?
If that ain’t from an E.Coli stank hand the only other possibility is that he’s turning into a zombie
because it will be
F
[removed]
How many % of your net worth?
[deleted]
Maybe post this on a subreddit that cares about due diligence, instead?
Yup...been in ENPH since $3/share.
Shroom boom anyone?
He needs to do the world a favor and die already
The PLTR rope is already wrapped around my neck,is this the chair kick? or the savior kicking the door open to cut the rope ? I’ll find out by 1/8/21
3% down is $674 and you have 680p.
$TSLA 600p 12/31 will print biiig in the AM
WHO ARE YOU KIDDING
Your immune system would be so fragile that you'd die in days of a nasty case of diarrhea.
I’m in HL FDs, looks like we’ve got some legs
“Stop just laughing to yourself and not telling us” - my wife and kid right now. 

Hahahahhaha you fucker
[removed]
How much capital you have?
Read more into it. Technically, you are right. It’s 31st. But the trade date and settlement date can differ. If your trade date is 31st, it may get settled on Jan 4 by your broker and just paperwork nightmare (even for US). Practically, it appears people trade/tax-loss a few days before to make sure it’s all settled in time.
I use E trade for personal and Fidelity for IRA. I like the E-Trade better.
Don’t beat yourself up like that.
Fuck that, Chinese MIL’s know what’s up. N P A 🚀🚀🚀💰💰
it's over for bul

2020 was a good run

blood red fute
Edit: nvm Double Edit: quantity controls on the exchange are lame. I want free markets!
GME and PLTR are an incredible specimen of symbiotic meme stocks this is yoloing at its finest
WTF these cruiselines are fucking inhumane
The big buyer would typically plan to hold for a while, whereas the small buyers are uncertain paper hands. Shift of shares from small paper hands to big diamond hands helps create a floor and drives price up
When shit was crashing to 2015 levels: fuck no I’m not buying stocks, the world is ending, why would I buy discounted stocks.

Same person 9 months later when the world is still ‘fucked’ and stocks are at ATH’s: grandpa, you gotta buy PLTR, it’s going to the fuckin moon.
Sorry, I don't know if what I said was even relevant on second thought. My apologies.
Disgusting. Black coffee and black espresso

ONLY
Tessslllaaaa
[deleted]
It's pretty trash. On release it had fuck all content. It crashes on host miagration constantly. Zombies is too easy. The rendering and graphics are a fucking joke in dirty bomb. True prop hunt and a few other game modes are fun but that's only of recent. MW multi player shits all over cold war.Maybe a second copy is worth it if it's cheap.
Imagine being a boomer expecting 3% a year in real estate or 7% a year index funds when you can get 300% a year in meme stonks or 6000% in options
The apple of the solar industry.  I like where Badri is taking it
This is actually sad, like high key depressing
This will not age well.   


RemindMe! 1 year
[deleted]
[deleted]
Stop the count!
Bro
I bought one of their seat cushions for my office chair and I hated it.
Yikes
Sorry, I don't know if what I said was even relevant on second thought.
Because she was a girl who asked me for my number. I commend her for that and think that shows a lot of guts and confidence on her part. As a dude, you're almost never asked out by girls, especially when you not all that attractive so I am really kinda turned on by the fact she even had the courage to ask me.
Yup, all in on every spread till I make up all my losses. 
I do have some cash sitting on the side, but most of my buying power ($17k in the screenshot) is from credit received from the spread I entered. 

I can just double down and keep putting the earned credit into more spreads at the same strike, but I think the smart thing to do is wait for a drop to enter even lower OTM spreads.

Actually I had a 515/510p spread expiring this week that was ITM during the week and teetering close to that strike most of this week, but I knew it'd recover so I held. Bricks were shat a few, but I'm glad I held. I closed out that spread with like 90% profit today when NVDA kept on running upwards. If I held till tomorrow, I could've gotten an extra $2k more or so, but I'd rather enter a spread the following week at that point to avoid pin risk.
I'm more than an hour late and the award train has no brakes. $13 💎✋ checking in.
poor
nvm it is, godspeed 

&#x200B;

this is why we play
Lol what are you talking about /es chart looks horrendous
[removed]
*George Soros has entered the chat*
It’s going to regardless.
QS is gonna be at high volume alot quicker than people are expecting.

https://youtu.be/zWIU4OZ9OTI
[deleted]
Went from 100+ days on the mtn to zero. 2020 sucks dude. Puts on my snowboarding career.
Can I get my first award? 🤡

Edit: Thank you autists
Not with that attitude you puss
Who's the idiot, the reader or the idiots who run the website?
Do not give me an award.
making me hard babe
baba
Melvin using proceeds from shorts to buy awards to scare us
Lmao, far from OG. If you were here for shkreli then maybe you’d be OG. Showing up and buying April 220p 180p of this year doesn’t make you a OG
dat ass
Don't know, hard to think of one that won't drive the neighborhood insane when practicing. Maybe drums so I can get the electric ones that don't make much noise.
BYND is going to be the main, if not the only manufacturer for the McPlant. It just won’t be branded as BYND, but who gives a shit. Less storage fees as they transition from direct to consumer to business to business. Will be a massive increase in revenue, especially considering all the other partnerships they have.
From feces
is this a yolo
Can't wait for ptlr to open at 25 and close at 25
Bro if you were transported back to 12th century England do you think you could create enough complex financial instruments to become wealthy?

Like Ponzi Schemes were created in 1869 so you could probably fool some people with that to get start up cash.
$3310 avg price $9
Yea? Well unfortunately it's already my Myspace profile pic.
Oops... 12/31!!
How bout this, ass is unanimous but boobs are exclusive
I’d like one ticket to tenet town plz
I was mistaken for some reason I thought he bought it March of 2020, yes it is long-term capital gains now.
You can't quit retardation
!remind me 1 day
Showoff.
Buy the dip gang blown out again it seems
congrats and fuck you
Godspeed!
Thank
Fuck yes.  That’s what I like to hear.  Expecting a pullback to about $155 or so sometime soon but after that it’s gonna keep going up
loved the british dude with the bad teeth. great villain
Low key wish I went into TAN instead of ICLN. I like that ICLN is more diversified compared to TAN being pure solar but this solar boom has made TAN perform so much better
CMPS!
Dude seriously?  I tried it and thought it blew.  Billy Bob was good, but it just felt dumb as shit in moments.
What should I yolo into a 0DTE tomorrow?
Da fuq is that?! Movie posters? This game take place way back in time like 2019 or some shit like that?
One day we will!  Today was defiantly a snoozer up until the last hour of close.  Next week we should get some restoration of volume/volatility that makes this casino exciting / profitable!!!
[deleted]
i dunno about you, but i went nuts deep in NIO 2/21 calls today
This post and its comments are one for the record books
You lyin

MODS
nerd
Elon Musk is a pretty cool guy. Eh builds rockets and doesnt afraid of anything
How are people able to see all the trades being made?
Your kids might be better off retarded
Tbh I had honestly think pltr will moon next year. They've gotten so many contracts this month. I'm trying to start buying shares in Jan when my RH unfreezes
Remindme
[deleted]
Read more into it. Technically, you are right. It’s 31st. But the trade date and settlement date can differ. If your trade date is 31st, it may get settled on Jan 4 by your broker and just paperwork nightmare (even for US). Practically, it appears people trade/tax-loss a few days before to make sure it’s all settled in time.
Sounds kinda gay tbh
EOD
A fellow contrarian... A rare breed in this subreddit. What tickers are you looking at?
can i trade plat for tendies im in a shortage
Congrats. Now sell it and buy a msft FD like a true autist.
?
No homo yer kinda cute
Trillion $ club got massacred today and yesterday no way 3 days in a row
Desiiiiireeee
NIO and MT
[deleted]
Respecc
I bought 100 shares GME🚀🚀 can I have plat
bruh how many plats do u have
I think they’re supposed to respawn at the checkpoint
Why Crispr? They already had their rally this year don't you think?
full retard
Warlock soul exchange? (How I read this with dyslexia)
she went naked short once without knowing it.
Oh look SPY futures are bull flagging on a holiday week who could have guessed 🤔 🙄
[deleted]
Free gatormd
Dee zayerrr
[deleted]
Alright well, for one, **you're** asking a sub consisting entirely of subhuman, unwiped assholes to then not be assholes; you're kind of pinning yourself up to be a target. It would be **an** equally annoying question in the stocks/investing/stock market subs but you will find more patience there.

And for two, there are two kinds of traders in this sub: the **idiot** that throws indiscriminant wads of cash at stocks or options because they read a post title with a rocket emoji, and the other kind that actually read posts and gauge how much the stock may increase or decrease based on their arbitrary personal experience of losses and gains.

The latter determine how much they're willing to lose and at what price point above the current price they're willing to buy, and **set buy stops and stop losses** to trade at prices they believe indicate the start of an upward or downward trend.

I don't expect **you** to have read all of this because again you **are** asking for meaningful help in what is equivalent to investors' 4chan (the only real difference is no anime or child porn), but I **welcome** you to read the bolded words instead as a TL;DR.
lol why the loser?
Hilarious thing, it's been mooning.... I mean, doesn't say much since Penny stock but lol.

The moon is a kind God.
many people in r/wallstreetbets are making less than that, more like -$5000 per month.
I pulled money out to buy hookers and cocaine. Had to put some back to let $GME moon 🚀🚀🚀
I'm for this
It was a joke. But have you looked at their P/Es before COVID? I think it was more around 10-15. So their multiples have already also expanded a bit. Furthermore, market is forward looking, maybe the analysts don’t think current earnings are sustainable after COVID
I love this these Q4 numbers are gonna be through the roof bullish as fuck Melvin will burn to the ground 🚀🚀🚀🚀
Wats market on close?
Link? I couldn't find the right video, there's too many
Youre whack if you dont think thatll be bipartisan.
Not even down 2% you tool
Strike adjusted for split, it was originally 1 x C200 and turned into 5 x C40. OP didn't but a $40 strike in may 2019 when it was trading at $200.
Only if you read me a bedtime story also
Please don’t give me any more plats.
There's no way I'd get an award. Too late to the party
Lmfao what is this even?
Edit, I’ll troll
U till u give me up ur dimond hands? Lmao u wish
what instrument?
BIGLY print. Enjoy the model S
Maybe a red day will mean SPACs will be up finally
<3
Why do you feel bad?
what was behind that pump at the first place
Congrats, you did it! Your $16 retail transaction finally broke the backs of shorts. This day will forever be remembered by your name.
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
ARKK isn't the only trader
Your username checks out as well
This time it's different boomer
You mean $40,100
[removed]
Sorry 'bout that.
Well that’s all it took to convince me. 

Can I have awards now too?
rune scimitar up 14% on the varrock grand exchange
[deleted]
Any link to this statement? Sounds ominous. Still going for it.
yeeuck
It’s like the technical oscars in here.
Model 3 is more timeless than either imo, but you will look like an upper middle class loser.
no. 1st season has some movie references and a mention of fargo, but that's it.
Volvo XC90
Don’t trip
Mazda CX5 for Toyota quality (a tier above for interior / handling) but not overvalued, Toyota Rav4 or Tacoma otherwise.
This is the way
Profit is profit and no one can tell the future. For all you know, you sold at the all-time high.
Lmaoo, boomer. Make sure you track it in your checkbook...
PRPL IS BACK BABY!!
Do I buy TSLA or GME tomorrow?
If he bought in May 2019, why isn't it already long term capital gains?  He has owned the product for 12 months.
BOOTY cause that’s where the holes are. I mean I guess you can tit fuck but that some bullshit compared to anal
I have something u can haz
AIXT my dudes. Issa penny stock but not for long
I would think tomorrow you are going to profit heavy, maybe even further, but your danger of getting fucked by the afterburners on this rocket instantly.
It’s a joke, it’s flatter than my tits at 12
Are you a drug dealer? Why do you get paid in cash?
Well one of those is real
[deleted]
There is a problem with the world when the “profesional” investor class looks down on the common folk who are investing for gains and for fun. Part of me thinks it is because the extreme gains people make shows that their job is actually very easy and they want to gate keep the perception. Of course he lists his useless MBA in his name lol
My GF just got a stimulus check in her husband’s acct. Calls at open. 🚀🚀🚀🚀
2020 Teslas on Carvana are in that range
I am hoping my msft and gme calls print tomorrow.  prob not, but its been the journey and friends that I met along the way that means everything
PLTR 40 eoy
Workers for Carnival have been [committing suicide](https://www.bloomberg.com/features/2020-cruise-ship-suicides/) trapped in their little rooms. This lowers operating and labor costs, bullish.
On only my second purchase ever, GME it had to be. Small but I'm here for the squeeze!
Strike?
No real buyers? I can’t fire off an introductory email on behalf of my buyers before a commercial property goes under contract with a full-price offer. The market is nuts and sellers are making plenty of buyers suck their nuts
You have no way of knowing what the future will hold. For all you know, you'll end up selling at the all-time high. This is bad trading mentality, bro.
People with brain probably won’t invest into GME 🤡
[deleted]
I like this guy hes retarded
[deleted]
Used M3 or Audi RS4 (Get a CPO if possible)
No just got some money homie haha
[deleted]
no worries. yes, each season is it's own story. all good. although this last season wasn't the best (still good tho)
Schwab TD and TOS will all be one soon so yeah basically you have one other option
BT BT?
What dip? Gonna open 40% +
Lmao imagine thinking Lotus makes reliable cars. You sir, are a retard and belong here
Imagine the squeeze if OP decided to become a philanthropist for wsb and take $2m of his/her money to throw it all into GME. Everyone would get tendies.
What are the chances that palantir staying in the resistance range was so mithril could buy in at a decent price?
BFT Gang checking in 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
All dogs are
[deleted]
Riots in Minneapolis tonight. Are cops just supposed to take a bullet? Dude fired at them and got got... Smh
[deleted]
Was at Wells Fargo dropping cash to buy more stonks, GameStop was around the corner. Why not.

Edit: same parking lot
Uh how’s Muslim fapping different from normal fapping?
Sounds like a good boy
For infrastructure deals per state?!?
😂😂😂
Why are they selling so low?
Thanks!!
B-52s are still used by the military? Damn I didn’t know that. They must be 60 years old by now.
it will hit 40 by lunch. 55 eod
Read this in the voice of Mona Lisa Saperstein from Parks and Rec.
Nah, they know there's the anticipation ready to go for a big spike. People are expecting it so they will let it happen and even add some fuel to the fire. They know how to play these cyclical games better than anybody. As long as we get in early and have an exit plan that isn't 100% retarded we can play too.
Don't flop shame
Tesla gonna be $1,000 by February

Edit: fuck you swonness, I ain’t no 🌈
No
E92 m3 v8 with manual trans
[deleted]
Apparently it dumped cuz investors are fearful it the flight test area is going to enter a red zone lockdown which will delay the flight retest
Stonks that pay you $130k a year and you're going to go find a job?  Jfc what has this world come to? Hookers and cocaine.
Y'all are a buncha lil shits.

Thank you for making me laugh. Now go back to wendy's and make my Jr bacon.
I wanna let her know the reason why, but she'd probably think I was creepy for knowing she has 2 kids without her telling me. We exchanged numbers last night, and Iooked her up thru her number when she texted me. I have yet to reply, because the kid factor is just tough for me to ignore considering I don't know this girl outside a 50 second interaction yesterday. She could be looking for a sugar daddy for all I know.
My lmt leap would print tho so fuck it
[removed]
How many platinum can you really give out?
what calls should i buy tomo? hmmm
He did come back to say bye it was sad (not sure it wasnt an alt or fake)
Give me plat or short squeeze
Nofap is 🌈
My dog is a pretty cool dude
buy $TIRT
so happy about this. I'm up over a million over the past 18 months on a 30k initial investment, because of these guys. 

here's to a great 2021
After the meme massacre of Mon Tue, if SPY is flat or red tomorrow, memes will still be green. We safe boys.
Shut up
fuck now i think it’s gonna happen. i’m gonna have nightmares
I was thinking that too. I’d Inverse me if I were you.
Lol 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
can you explain how biden is going to get a thing passed when he needs 60 votes in the senate? and may have 50 max, more likely 48
anybody know a mobile broker that isn’t RH or Webull that isn’t clunky and dated to all fuck? looking at Schwab or ToS....   TDA and Fidelity mobile reviews are horrible
No
The one
I have a feeling my 0dte amzn calls are not gonna print
Iv too high
[deleted]
[deleted]
Would it be too autistic for me to max out my credit card for some more shares?
Do it for state
Yeah if you're 50 years old going through ED
Right? What took so long? Up up up!
🤣🤣🤣 Issa joke
Well you just broke rule #112.5
[removed]
Winnie The Poo is Marcellus Wallace and Jack Ma is Zed: I ain’t done with you. I’m about to get medieval on your ass.
They actually had an official song: https://youtu.be/ZYwlNVFGdKg
What’s a carb
Son of a bitch, im in
You went into a store to buy a digital subscription?
Just got a message from automod. Apparently David Allen's last name is a banned ticker.
Boo
[deleted]
Buy calls on awards
Has anyone realized the cares act was the biggest transfer of wealth in human history from the working class (borrowing from the fed equals future and present inflation because the fed doesn’t have money it just prints it backed by the American citizen) to the top corporations.  They stay open while small businesses are crushed
Nah it’s pretty much on par with US close. It was always going to dip to match it initially
I’d cock slap Mitch McConnells wife for a platinum award
Wait on riot dip or jump in tomorrow?
Fuckin europoors ruining everything.
RARE TRIPLE ALERT XXX TRY NOT TO CUM
Why would ya date someone with kids? That’s like ultimate cuck
This entire thread is all I would expect from WSB. Retard level is though the roof.
I haven’t Muslim faped in 100 days. I can close my eyes and see the market tomorrow if anyone wants some insiders tips
If your penis looks like that guy you officially have an ugly ass penis.
Limit up!
I haven’t tried any psychedelics before so microdosing I think could be a good start
“Tanking”
Preorder a TSLA cybertruck. They run a model that is $40k
Used
Someone keeps buying the dip as soon as futures start to get momentum down. They working reeeeeally hard to keep this shit up.
If and when it hits it I’ll make a post here and give it out for sure bro
Bought 100 which makes me all in.
[removed]
oh, no son..it's not. has little to do with fargo itself. although, 1st season has a lose tie to movie and fargo is referenced. it's classic crazy coen bros crime drama shit. peep it. trust me
Turbo tax calculated it for me but I confirmed with a tax lawyer
Is there an autist award?
Loaded toyota camry.
Anyone else in my LIT gang?
He previously tweeted about the stock being too high at 8:11 am on 5/1. Then Tesla announced a 5 to 1 split on 8/11. This tweet was at 11:33. Therefore another split is coming on November 33rd.
I don't understand why people just throw random awards on stuff that makes no sense.  Its idiotic.  Go buy GME stock instead of wasting money.
Stock Market will crash within 45 days of Biden taking office.
Model S or Lucid Air
Too many variables to that question, but miatas are sweet for the money.
[removed]
This post is wild and everything that this sub represents, I love it
IM FUCKING GAY
Might just set my money on fire
Based af
PREACH!
Then go suck on your mommies titty and go to bed you fucking lil brat.
Get a Honda Accord or Toyota Camry. Will last decades for half the price.
Nah I have a Frontier like a poor millenial
$LEGS
Always inverse WSB.
I'm switching to etrade even though they charge 0.65 per options order
That’s $100 worth of PSEC just ridiculous
Probably DCA into PLTR / SPY so I don’t get marked on the family tree as the guy who fucked it all up for generational wealth.
What would you say is good about this. And I'm a bull
Buy a call and sell a higher one retard
Haha very. I exercise and get the 500 shares with adjusted cost basis of ~50/share, 40 strike plus 10 for cost of contracts. Total cost around ~25k but still worth $327k. Just gives me more time
So buy Gilead or Roche?
where’s pltr gang
It's not a matter of if, just when, PLTR will finally break 30. There's no way this lasts past q4 earnings mid march. We all know they're gonna have great numbers and shit is gonna spike. it'll have it's dip pullback 3-4 days later when lockup expires and then we'll reset and repeat the whole process again.
Holy fuck looks like the moon mission has taken off this is fuckin award city I hope this isn’t a case of the paper hands profit taking 🚀🚀🚀🚀
IBKR TWS platform is so fkn slow To load anything. I'm thinking of switching to TOS
$EXLA model 3
[deleted]
Tesla
Free my mans Gator, he still got shooters ouchea
Melvin is giving you a lot of awards
Bring back the martini award and I’ll agree to mod
RemindME! 16 days "GME gang always wins"
Out of all the stocks in the world to buy puts on... what made you say Tesla?!?! Lol
This, or like any of a number of good SPAC plays.  Get some of the longest calls you can for any of the major spacs that are just chilling waiting for more news.   PSTH, FTOC, BFT, hell APX.T has a bright future ahead of it too.  Worst case you are swimming in money but it takes a while, best case, good news happens soon and one of them pops to Mars.
[deleted]
You’re welcome bro. Let me know when you’re rich.
Let’s call this the Fuck money and Fuck sleep position.
i want tendies not awards
pls no
Oh boy.
Bro, take my advice and Invest in Parmesan, I’m not sure why you are getting mad. I do love you though ❤️❤️🥰 hit my DMs if you ever need words of encouragement!


I’ve only got 30k in the market so I am pretty poor lol
[removed]
Holy shit guys. Just talked about stocks with my son and he mentioned that he knew Wallstreetbets. He's your typical retarded zoomer, that just shows how far they're behind
All in on TSLA calls $700 expiring tomorrow. These will print.
You're retarded, you want Reddit award calls after this explosion.
Imagine he knew we'd react this way and is going to use us to pump his position
Ya I’m not a cop
https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.fool.com/amp/investing/2020/11/23/extent-of-beyond-meats-role-in-mcdonalds-mcplant-b/
Interestingly fucked. Post your loss porn. FYI, I am rooting for you. Fuck Tesla
2021 is gonna be the year of the circuit breakers
You’ve got one dont you
I’m hoping 600, think about all that free oil
Breaking rule #1 of wsb. This isn’t going to end well..
I’d have to buy in 50/50. As BOTH a great ass and titties are kinda fucking mandatory.
Me me me me me
Cool. Thanks for the advice.
At some point the tsunami of extra dollars in the economy is going to cause huge distortions. You can't print forever with no repurcussions
I think you've misread the futures.
You can't tell him what to do
Whatever Tesla you can get for that much. 
Wtf.
Dear Martha, the French Army has agreed to buy 17 bushels of my bananas each week while they increase their foothold in the Congo.  If it weren't for the extra $1 a month I was earning in this wretched country, I'd be home with you, my sweet love. 

If I'm to sweat in this jungle another day it gives me dubious gayity to know in only five more years we can buy your father's beet farm and a few cows for the $60 he wants.  

Give my love to Matilda, I hope the polio hasn't taken her legs yet.  Hug each of our children for me; Paul, Titus, Margerette, Julia, Julian, Jimmy, Jacob, Tom, John, Penny, Brittany, Jessica, Gertrude, Samantha, Imogen, Cornelius, and Wendy.  

I shall send a few shillings back with the next ship in case you need to get morphine cough syrup from the pharmacist.  I know how awful your headaches get my lovely.  

Stay strong for me my Martha, I shall be home soon.  

Your dearest husband, Bumpernickle Pennysmith
Model 3... no quesiton.
Buying 15k more FCX calls tomorrow
Text her to tell her you're dead. Killed in the war.

Then never respond to any of her texts again (because you're dead you see).
wtf is heavy whip u fuckin chongus
You are

My fiiiiiireeee
Ok, buying more GME tomorrow.
[removed]
F
[deleted]
Electric.  I’m a motor head but these electric cars are pretty dope.  Wicked torque

An M3 would be 100% Chad.

Do you live in Miami and wear shorts and flip flops everyday?  With a button down shirt slightly open to show a hairy ape chest?  If show then the M3 is for you
Ah makes sense I just learned about self 401ks recently but wasn’t sure how the match worked
Damnnnn. Did you get in penny stock days? Im pretty deep myself w 7.5k shares at $4
[deleted]
Ass all day
ELI5 what a wash sale is
ToMoRRow is ReD DaY. Why are futures -0.001%?
How many dicks do I have to suck for a platinum
You’re saying music is a gateway drug?
Lol if only it's down by 3%. I am pretty sure I am fucked but it's a risk I am willing to take
[deleted]
?
Sad
Seen the trash guy

The best one ever was this guy who bought a huge old barge (like 200ft or something maybe bigger) and he sails it around with a crew. It’s old as fuck and iron.

He was in New Zealand

I don’t think I followed him and regret it
[removed]
My kids are going to do music because the research shows that kids who play instruments end up less retarded than their peers.
I had more but bad to trim for taxes.
Serious question. Are you fucking retarded?
probably not the best move
None
Just buy the dip
Thank god this mahf is back
Totally had that happen with a candy gram at school, its not just a movie cliche
what i said about selling some 40% OTM calls on TEAM :(
Congrats Elon. Thank you for your service
Three days in a row buying TAK
they will not be on the same level for a long time
[removed]
Steel might be a great play for infrastructure but I’m cautious about anything the Chinese compete with because they’ve sold cheap steel at a loss for years.
Does this means the stock needs to go below 14.4 for him make money? I Don't understand options well yet. But if so, bold move since RC bought at 16
This has to be daddy Musk’s doing
I dunno, but he has got to be pissing off some powerful people with his bs.
🤞 I’ve actually been looking for a good time to get in and this seems like as good as any. I’m a little worried about the end of lock up, but I’m sure it will recover if it even drops.
Wish I knew how to get a flair. I was SPCE calls right before the crash. I almost consider myself an OG.

Followed Variation_Separate / or SV to death. Selling my Tesla shares to buy puts because of that retard
I said I’d give someone a golden fuccboi if Pltr was at 40 eoy. It appears this will not happen but when it does hit 40 I’ll give one out regardless of time frame
[deleted]
if it tanks 50% tomorrow you might be right
Holy shit guys. Just talked about stocks with my dad and he mentioned that he knew Wallstreetbets. He's your typical Asian boomer, that just shows how far we've come
"For Canada, the [last day for tax-loss selling](https://www.scotiawealthmanagement.com/ca/en/home/resource-centre/tax/important-tax-dates.html) in 2020 is December 29. Stocks purchased or sold after this date will be settled in 2021, so any capital gains or losses will apply to the 2021 tax year.

The system differs in the US, and based on [information from the IRS](https://www.irs.gov/publications/p550), the last day for tax-loss selling this year is December 31."

It seems like an extremely brief look at Google results mostly yields the results I found.
No I just switched to some shitty vodka
 I use etrade too and they charge  I literally can't feel a difference
Couldn't take Chris Rock seriously, that was a terrible casting choice in my opinion.
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/AllSir the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Wtf
What makes the comments highlighted? 🤷🏻‍♂️ what am I missing here?
I think we found dick face’s Reddit account.
Boi I got 14,000 shares
+ Sell-to-close even if it’s not ITM as long as it has gains

+ Take profit
Devoted Robinhood user myself, but I have to admit RH probably ends up secretly charging you more, by giving you worse fills and pocketing the difference.

Still use it tho because UI is trash on other brokers.
Go all in on calls of AAPL leaps at varying strikes. Can't go tits up. 🚀
About feet?
Booty 100%. This one should not even be close.
Get a 4wd Chevy Colorado like a poor boomer
It's all fun and games until we start blazing trails with banned accounts.
congrats that's solid. but if this is a return competition, I win.
*unzips*

 Don't make me do this
[deleted]
Give me an award geeeezuz
Ps. I buy the dip too
No fucking way this works...

Can I haz award?
I wouldn’t even be surprised at this point
I'll give you my reasoning:

The similarities. Human development of mankind. The simalarities of boobs and butts.

Back when we walked on all fours there was a thing right in front of us, a butt. Then from the time mankind started walking on two legs, we stopped having butts sticking in our faces all the time. And in their place boobs appeared right in our faces. Women grew larger breasts to take the place of buttocks. THE ORIGINAL SOURCE OF LIFE IS THE BUTTOCKS! Boobs are just a substitute. Boobs are nothing more than a pale imitation of the buttocks! If you asked would you rather have the copy or the original,I would take the original! Hips and ass indicate fertility !Boobs jut out forward due to the process of evolution, Keeping buttocks farther back and the rear hidden! 

THIS IS WHY I AM AN ASS MAN!
Jesus Christ I’ve never seen so many platinum awards
Right.
SPY to 400
My native language is retard so I don’t understand but one side will come out victorious good sir
I'd say a good portion of middle Merica' is "happy"
cathy wood send bobs and vagene
Enph is 10% of tan holdings 🚀 🚀 🚀
[removed]
Indiependent restraints all ded. Long MCD and fast food joint w drive thrus
Excuse me I’m 10 years old thank you
[removed]
is this the moment? to show some love?
If you are not playing riot calls. Pce
Current speculation on valuation is enough DD
Who cares? Get yours.
At least it wasn’t real money
not again mommy
[removed]
i know shhhhhhhh
F
I bought I occulus quest 2 through their site and had zero issues
Dont
No man there is a dude which picks up trash and another who forges weaponry

Respect
For the last two nights the futures were blood green and i lost a ton of money. Maybe futures flat = moon tomorrow
Praying for da crash
It’s not the late 90s, no one should have to explain to you that carbs make you hungry and fat.
Don't let your kids do music. They'll live with you well into their 20s, become retarded and YOLO into BB calls.
> Pentagon Sends More B-52s to Middle East to Deter Iranian Attacks on U.S. Troops

We’re coming up on that one year anniversary of Soleimani’s death, shit could get ugly
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/ThePastyWhite the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I’m in on this. Take profit at 3% down and you are good.
it's lowkey probably that fuld guy causing people to want to fomo into talking about gme and feeling attached, buying shares. 

i have no stake in gamestop because they fucked my poor teenage self numerous times with their jackassery but i'm about to just buy shares out of 🌈🐻 hate.

🚀🚀🚀
[deleted]
Bears be reading “blow your bros”
Eat a balance of protein, carbs, veg/fruit.
The 3 he posted... the ones where he put the money where his opinions/mouth were. 

Otherwise he would’ve closed those positions. 

He mentioned he’s doing it through a capital gains shelter, so I don’t think he’s holding for capital gains benefits unless he believed those were the ones with most expected growth / value.
Winning 1 in 5 times is not bad
Cohen is the savior, WSB is just an ally.
[removed]
It takes a little digging but it’s there. Take a look at some posts by u/Uberkikz11 or u/jeffamazon. I have a few posts that discuss the Ryan Cohen and short percentage story, which presents a pretty interesting opportunity.  

Price is likely to plunge tomorrow on EOY short manipulation so could be a good entry point if you read up and decide it makes sense to dip your toe in. 

Good luck out there.
No problem. I thought it was mis-wording but wondered if I was missing something :)
just wait till the batteries get better tbh
[deleted]
Concert tickets
Wait you still have a dollar in your account? Woah you're good
Market crash tomorrow would be a truly disgusting end to 2020s disgusting year
u/[deleted] 🤣
Does anyone own a purple mattress? I almost pulled the trigger and bought one but pussed out. Any good?
What does it do?
How about a bar of soap for that dirty mouth.
?
Hmm I figured it was a shit knock off
Shania Twain was my first celeb crush, her voice so sexy.

All the others good suggestions too.
What’s the best car between 30-40k
The dividend growth fund is lit but they closed it to new because reddit blew it up
Building up my position now. About 35 shares and 5k of 130c. Going to pump that up as long as they stay under 130. Nearly positive the McPlant will be the catalyst to send it over 200 again.
That’s what i called: Chinese commies robbing citizens in Retardkistan.
I fucking love you shitiots
If PLTR isn't 40 tomorrow I'm gonna have to intervene
I’ll never forget mine either. Fucking MGM and listening to WSB. Up 50% at close one day then down 50% at open the next. 

Last time I leverage myself to the tits... *probably*
[deleted]
You can’t quit us
That took a whole 2 minutes. Guess I’m buying calls tomorrow.
“The last trading date for 2020 for Canadian and US publicly traded stocks will be Tuesday December 29th in order to record the gain or loss in the 2020 taxation year.”
No
Yes
Exact strike/date I have. I think we’ll be deep ITM friend.
It's a boxing day sale on awards apparently.  Did all your wifes boyfriends up your allowances?
How’s the commenter get a plantinum and not OP? 😂

Edit: Apparently they don’t rank them by cost. This autist is loaded 🤑
Sir, this is a Wendy’s.
coffee time
My 1/15 28c x 5 was up $500 a couple days ago... now almost worthless. Am I doing it right?
thanks
You must be autistic to buy RIOT leaps
China numba one. He's got a solid track record with profitable SPACs.
True. I had three of those! And sold way back in Jan/Feb.. Toilet paper shit 🙌
Continue ghosting her it works lol
😆☝️
[deleted]
I mean Bloomberg journo left her husband and job to suck his dick in prison, sure he has an account here too
lets settle the age old question through the market

A BOOTY and BOOBS ticker

whichever one is highest at the end of 2021 is the winner.
IT WENT 10X from THE LOW.

ITS HAPPENING U FUCKING RETARDED RETARD
“The last trading date for 2020 for Canadian and US publicly traded stocks will be Tuesday December 29th in order to record the gain or loss in the 2020 taxation year.”
Awesome!
Cuz who wants fake fucking chicken tendies bro? 🤮
[deleted]
Моя мама сказала мне, что у меня самые трудные и большие руки от моих братьев и сестёр. Я мастер в этом, мой друг, мои руки не слабые
Calls on texas real estate
Bro wtf how am I just hearing this.  60% IV on a leveraged nasdaq etf? Literally can't go tits up.
Olympic sport??? More like a fifa sanctioned world wide sport but whatevs
that shit was fucking hilarious and unsettling
Long term I think dkng is going to be a 10 bagger. I think purple is a double in the next 18 months. BFT is solid too as long as the deal goes through. I also might dip into crispr therapeutics.
What if it's actually Elon musk and his 700 alt accounts?
I sell CSPs on PLTR and one Friday I was the recipient of 1000 shares. On the following Monday it jumped over $5 a share. This could be you. Next week.
Shi I’ve been discovered
Is that show based on the movie?
🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Unless I'm mistaken it's level two and I can watch something similar to it on regular Ameritrade.
they need to venture into lab-grown meat
[deleted]
Give me a flair you bitch ass mods
The right kind of GME loss porn
Someone will just end up buying them
The fuck did I wake up to
Are you kidding me? With the amount of awards here we could’ve bought 100+ shares

Edit: Pls I want tendies not awards :(
dude... listen... $60k take home is working 10 hrs every day of the year with ZERO days off.... you don't want any of that. Anyone with a college degree doing 'specialized shit' for less than $60k take home is a donk / made mistakes (unless they are happy).. then congrats to anyone happy with their job (the lucky ones)..
If I eat French toast in the morning I eat a shit load all day and I’m hungry all day

If I fast or only eat like a small snack bar then I’m not that hungry all day

Bread is bad

Puts on bread
$50 nio call 1/15.

What we thinking?
You’ve got 3 more seasons to go my friend. Each are special in their own way.

Edit: just saw you said “rewatch”

My bad
Locking himself in so they can’t take him.
Skip hookers do double blow with your bros
Who cares?
WSB doesn’t suggest stocks for long term 5 year times. Moonshots or poon shots, none of this steady growth shit.
For U Buy Options
Bruh they are fucking overleveraged on calls can you not scare them
I mean personally I’m willing to put in work. From maintenance to remodeling myself. I’ve been wanting to get into rental property for a while. Earn enough to hire a property manager. Sit back take in profits.
I had enough to get a Tsla 700c 1/15 last week
I'm long GME in shares. Your trade probably caused a downward pressure to the tune of 20k shares on the market, so congrats on any short term hit you gave to my portfolio. I'm prepared to wait as long as needed though, so let's see who wins. My judgment is that an overall market crash could make you win for the foreseeable future, but otherwise, I will win because time is on my side :)
“The last trading date for 2020 for Canadian and US publicly traded stocks will be Tuesday December 29th in order to record the gain or loss in the 2020 taxation year.”
You gonna pay the $4k to cover my margin, or should I just sell those shares at open?
easy question. Go into your bedroom and see how your wife's boyfriend has her laying on the bed
God I feel terrible for ghosting this girl because she seems sweet, but fuck man, I would not have gave her my number if I knew she had 2 kids. FML.
Ok boomer.
If you sell covered calls at a strike price of 12 for a stock you bought for 10 you cant lose. You either collect the premium or you collect the premium AND sell you shares for a $2 profit per share. Yeah the share price might have jumped to 19 but thats just fomo, youve locked in profit and the weeks of premium that never executed. 

This mindset only works if you believe the stock won't drop significantly or youre happy to hold long term otherwise you'll end up bagholding unable to sell calls potentially
This aged INCREDIBLY well
TO THE FUCKING MOON!!! 01/15 30c🚀
Gotta say, he was the last world leader you’d expect to see shoving a hard-boiled egg up his own ass on live Italian television
“The last trading date for 2020 for Canadian and US publicly traded stocks will be Tuesday December 29th in order to record the gain or loss in the 2020 taxation year.”
[deleted]
Ah okay. Thanks for the explanation.
It's gonna be so hard for him to drive the car in the suit of armour though
My man Lemondoping
lmao yeah shitty CSP's suck

High IV CSP's on big down days are awesome. Or blue chip CSP's when shit just goes flat as hell
🤡🤡🤡
Not enough 🚀🚀🚀
Scratch your pussy and Cowboy up bitch!
[removed]
?
BABA tanking in HK. Might be a bloodbath here too tomorrow
Was in and out of this one when it first crossed the $100 mark. Almost bought leaps but didn’t and now I spend every day kicking myself.
He wants to get dragged out of the WH by the secret service
eh retail doesnt move stocks.
fiscal year end for cos could be june.
Flair checks out!
I already am. Waters warm. Jump in.

As far as reasons not to, Cathy herself said she expected a good dip in ARKG positions sometime next year. But she’s also said she expected it be the best performing of her ETFs. 

If you can tolerate some interesting volatility, which you should after being here and all, then you might as well.
What if I skipped the hookers and doubled down on the blow?
i'm vegetarian and the bynd burgers taste like garbage. that company will go nowhere with that product. all hype
[deleted]
[deleted]
hmm they bought more RHHBY... this seems like s another indicator that $GILD merger will happen next month

GILD  1/15  $60C
Nice. 

You seem pretty smart since you're agreeing with me.
MMs sell these 99%, fully delta hedged with their on secret sauce on top. They likely made money on  shares going up too.
just finished re-watching first season of fargo. goddamn, so fuking good. billy bob thorton is incredible. and added bonus...key and peele show up. if u haven't seen the fargo the series yet...do yourself a favor and watch it. you won't be disappointed
**🥺👉🏽👈🏽**
AZN efficacy isn't trash. AZN is the only company that tested for asymptomatic infection in the clinical trials.
First year maxing it out fuck yeah
don’t give me an award

edit: bruh this was up for 30 seconds
It sounds like the priced in pieces are more of a wish list then anything else
LMAO break even at 14.40 Godspeed retard us diamond handers will be laughing at ur loss porn GME to the moon 🚀🚀🚀
I definitely am, no doubt about it. Yeah, revenue near its market cap but its earnings are negative (isn't that what matters?) and have been for some time. A stock with negative earnings per share, with high likelihood of bankruptcy, at a price of 4 times its assets - liabilities? Seemed reasonable back at $4 in 2019 when Burry got in, but I don't get it at $20. Feel free to educate a fellow retard though.
They've still got room to go down another $0.50-1.00 for to dilution and bankruptcy pressure.  If you're entering a position now, I would but downside protection through Mar.
[deleted]
Hah. I've been good friends with one of them for about 9 or 10 years, used to live with me for a short time, was actually texting with him earlier. He's 10x as real as people think and has literally not changed one bit (to me at least) since he blew up. 👍🏻
Gimme the stimulus award
A consortium of institutional longs.
Pew pew? Huh?

Buy GME Shares w a cash account instead
I read new Playboys. Upvote for your wife's tits. 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
It would stick out like a sore thumb
Oh please give  me the strength to buy the dip
bruh lmao
Drilling up
thanks
TDOC fucked if AMZN goes in deep
It’s gonna be mild red for almost everyone including me tomorrow
Oh please give  me the strength to buy the dip
Some of have calls man I like to call it a risky risk-averse strategy
You mean deep ITM strikes right?
Are you kidding? He's been holding out on giving money to Americans since May. He has the strongest diamond hands of all!
Vote is on the 6th though.
u/I_LOVE_BOOBS86 you still long $fubo?
no one has talked about bynd in a minute
More than necessary
yeah true, but 60k annual take home is still way above poverty for a delivery driver. There's a lot of people with college degrees doing specialized shit not making that
We are dumb. We can waste our wife’s boyfriends money on what we want.
I have $17.50 calls expiring 1/15. I’m wondering if I should hope for a satisfying run up by the 13th and sell or see what happens on 1/15 if the launch actually happens...a delay on the 14th would probably be the equivalent of throwing a game-losing interception and shitting my pants on the last play of the game.
only giving golds now, not enough tendies for plats left?
Self employed so 19.5 + some other portion that is based on income that I think is like an employer match essentially but not sure
[deleted]
That's completely up to you. You can crunch out the numbers yourself. There is a Break Even Price that is stated on Robinhood which tells you how much you'll be paying per share. Strike Price + Premium you paid for contract = BE per share
Yeah Luke Combs is great and Cody Johnson has a few songs I really like, still undecided on Wallen though lol. I'll give Zack Bryan a look
Haha this is end August all over again
What was behind that drop today
This is pretty much exactly what boomers said about Bell in the 70s
Hahahahahahaha
[deleted]
you have 0dte BABA don't u
[deleted]
His circulation got cut off when he put his hand in his tight-ass old stingy bitch pocket for a werthers original.
[deleted]
Company match 401k then max out Roth IRA and HSA.
Also got way too much in gme.
Agreed about MT.  The biggest concern with MT is if everyone knows that steel prices will spike and then drop, won't institutional investors know this and not buy?  Was sold on MT but am questioning the actual stock price increase potential.
I tried it too. Thought it would make me more productive or some shit, but it didn't. If anything, made it harder to focus on studying, or anything really.

Acid works better, gives me motivation. But I found larger dose (like 30-50ug) to be more effective than micro. Once or twice a week.
Fuck man I'm rolling. Funniest internet comment ive ever read
Thanks for the tip, up 25% so far
Please ‘o’ venerated master let your autistic ire rain sweet tendies upon us plebeians.
Not until they sell it, and not wash sale related!
wassa wassa wassa wassa  wasssaaaaaaaa
Preach.
[deleted]
Everybody strives for destiny
But the poor can't escape being broke
So destiny is only for the 1%
Destiny is for Elon only
LIES!
NIO wins smart car of the year in China

https://www.reddit.com/r/Nio/comments/kncskw/es6_car_of_the_year/

Tendie town baby
Petition to add keyword baba to drinking game
escort time
I have UVXY calls for 1/15. I hope he has something good up his sleeve.
Walmart and amazon are both getting into health care teledoc threatened?
Schwab is moving its HQ to Texas. Which company is moving away from California next? 😂
She’s still holding it: https://ark-funds.com/wp-content/fundsiteliterature/holdings/ARK_NEXT_GENERATION_INTERNET_ETF_ARKW_HOLDINGS.pdf
Yeah - I think Ossoff is leadin' in the latest polls though. That and...you have to wonder how many people will see Dem sweep as a chance at more cash (via stim checks), with the republicans looking like they're the ones keeping the money away from them.
[deleted]
haha thx dawg
🔥🔥🌟🌟🌕💫🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Camper
That good good
How was QS ever a long for you?
Yeah an etf with a giant green wind powered dick
Ahoy retards! Share the love?
Just you and the actual paper copy
You always have an extra kidney after you yolo
ICLN🚀
Look at the correlation to Biden being “elected” and PLTRs price increase. Take that as you will
Probably. But for the future, if you're into a stock that ARK has and want to keep track of the ratio, goto the site for a few days in a row and look at the pdf of that fund and screenshot or write down the share number if you want to really be sure to see ARK's changes in position because it won't always be on the email. I learned this just a few weeks ago.
Pointers ?
Woof. I hopped on WSB advice last week.  Missed an 80% price movement on a penny stock that I pulled out of because I got GME fomo.  Pulled back out of GME and threw it into the penny stocks and gained 10% today.  My money is safer outside of the memes, but I'll fuck with Tesla all day, e'ryday.
There is no way this works.
If he's not an algo trader then I don't know man he had a whole month to sell at a higher price.
make ur wifes bf do it.
now upvote this comment
Fantastic for ETFs and other more passive investing. Absolute trash for more active trading.
that would have been a good one too lol. 

I was more thinking that WSB has all this faith in GME but GME is gonna fuck them over and they wont even see it coming.
How much to have someome hack mcturtles  email and write 4000 checks for everyone during market open?
[deleted]
I’ve been talking about GME since 2018 😂
Puts under 16? 

You might as well buy weeklies, because if shorts dont raid tomorrow, I doubt we are getting that low anytime soon. 

Worsts of lucks you cuck!  

🚀 

🚀🚀

🚀🚀

🚀🚀

🚀🚀  🚀🚀
Stimmy Hendrix plz
[deleted]
is baba drilling?
I can clean the shit out of the toilets and if this goes bad enough ill be doing BJs in the back for extra income.
I wonder what the euro brits are going to do when they wake up to read AZ efficacy is still trash

>British health officials greenlighted the AstraZeneca and Oxford COVID-19 shot on Wednesday but also rebuffed one of their central claims: that a half-dose followed by a standard dose offered more protection against infection. [[0]](https://out.reddit.com/t3_knhn9b?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.reuters.com%2Farticle%2Fus-health-coronavirus-britain-vaccine-ap%2Fno-half-measures-and-mind-the-gap-uk-nod-for-astrazeneca-vaccine-raises-more-questions-idUSKBN2941WR%3Futm_medium%3DSocial%26utm_source%3Dtwitter&token=AQAADVztX2XOKGXEXcfPtCPogxxyXwEgTAFkMSYgFedN5B2sAnMS&app_name=reddit.com)
So they are shareholders that are selling OTM covered calls to generate income to reduce cost basis?
how many times do we have to teach you this lesson old man
I had a threesome with 2 bestbuy chicks a few years back. So I think of bestbuy in fondness...
Gimme

r/gaybears
Yeah I am debating PFFA or SPHD
Looks like its 🐻day tomorrow
[deleted]
Dumped more than I’m willing to lose but fuck it right? 🚀🚀🚀🚀
You’ve never made any returns on your options, why expect a return on anything else?
I think the real VIX is 5.56 m193 ball ammo.

I mean if the whole house of cards come tumbling down, what good is a VIX contract, which is a derivative being paid to you through a clearinghouse by some other financial entity. What good is the dollar? Will clearing houses and custodians even work? Brokerages barely even work now, assuming they don't just shut down from "IT technical issues".

I think I'll start using ammo as my units of account. eg. I am thinking of putting 50,000 9mm FMJ into PLTR March calls.
As a UGA fan... you love to see it
Elon is Ironman Elon is Ironman Elon is Ironman Elon is Ironman Elon is Ironman
Hey, where’s the recap guy???
Anyone else got February DASH puts? Looks like there's plenty of room to fall.
[deleted]
u/dhsmatt2 Congrats. What are the top 2-3 plays that you think are not too late to get in tmr?
[deleted]
Whoever you are, I love you.
How can you put in 35?
He got put in wsb jail for a week smh. Free my mans gator
Put it all in spac leaps.
Bought $TSLA 680P 12/31 end of day today. Did I donate my money to tesla bulls or do I have a chance?? Sighhh..
Don’t do it man. I made and loss money on Tesla going both ways. But my losses when I bet against them is way more than betting with them. Think of it as the 💵 losing value and stocks are melting up. Bonds and CDs ain’t shit, hence stonks going up
And my middle initial makes me a RETARDED LEGENDARY AUTIST!
Pent up demand for travel
they yolo too?
future flatty mcfatty
Mango what are you planning...

https://twitter.com/kaitlancollins/status/1344441403292737537?s=19
Well SHIEEEEEET 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
[deleted]
Lmao
ICLN yes, RIOT has too high IV for leaps. Just buy shares
10/10
You're not just dimwits, but poor dimwits. According to the penis in a suit.
I'm pretty sure the particles would miss, can't collide with something that doesn't exist
Haha, that was so dumb, like C-A-R-V and U-O-N-E. Wonder how many bag holders they created.
[deleted]
It's a steel play u/vitocorleone says steel is going to moon like it did in 2008. Fog validated it a bit. Seems like a solid play. I'm up on the calls he mentioned. Just may have too much in it. gonna move more into prpl I think.
depends on how hawt she is.
Go super Karen. They'll give you options.

I think actually said "I need to buy Tesla options" lol. And I did. Elon is good man.
4 rockees? im in.
BEEEETCONNNNNNNNNNNNNECT
What if it was a picture of an orangutan with the caption being “fuck monke, return to humanity”
rental property is overrated imo - unless its AAA rental property where you dont have to do an ounce of work.
Are you only allowed to do Reddit live if you’re an incel playing guitar

Or is that a coincidence
Why would you exercise this instead of just selling the premium? Am I missing something. You'd only get 500 shares which is worth around 35k. So sell the call and collect the premium instead? How retarded am I?
Ask Jeeves he’ll tell you
Do I buy a Tesla or a used m3

Feel like electric cars are whack
if you give someone a bunch of stock and they don't sell it do they pay taxes on it
Picked up some calls for earnings. Might add more if it stays red tomorrow.
All Hail Elon All Hail Elon All Hail Elon All Hail Elon All Hail Elon
Deal but i expect a return favor
[deleted]
AH looked great. We'll see tomorrow though..
BBBY puts was a meme mid 2018. Everyone loaded up on puts for earnings and got smoked.
All is see is red why so bullish on it
Talk to like a financial advisor or some shit.
Tomorrow isn’t the last day. You can still contribute to 2020 limits until end of March
PBW better ya fuck
XL fleet?
80085
What do you think I mean when I say a "friend"...  in quotation.
Watch soul
Why? I like um
I agree ui is trash, but WeBull's is and a ton of people use it for whatever reason. Freaking boomers.
Anyone shortin $fubo?
Lmao... I'm guessing you're long $ROPE on the 15th, if not the 13th.
Fuck your BA puts I probably sold them to you
Everything you said is already priced in. In addition, new console holiday sales are already priced in. It's cyclical. Those who threw money at GME for this very reason purchased earlier in the year and are taking profits now. The so called 💎👏 are pumping this dog because that's all they got, but WSB isn't the place for that nonsense.
This is not financial advice:

The downside is basically the cost of the SPAC share vs its NAV and then the intrest rate. If you take a 1000 share position on a spac when it is at $10.50 per share with margin and a NAV of $10, your risk is the $0.50 per share / $500 if the SPAC goes under after and then if you are using Robinhood margin at 2.5%, it costs $262.5 per year to hood that position.

To restate what i just wrote, so if you buy in at $10.50 for 1000 shares the most you can lose is $500+$262.5 per year on a $10,500 initial position. Make sense?
Yea Im starting to feel everyone's pain here. I dont fuck around with options, but do like this sub. Threw 10k at the common and hoping to come up. Willing to throw more at this next week, but without some positions how tf can anyone have any confidence? 

Vito have your kids upload your positions if ye dont know how to screen grab. Youre only 45, so shouldn't be all to difficult to do it yourself.
WELCOME MY BROTHER IN ARMS! I have added an additional 400 contracts, and slaughtered 200 Cows in your honor! WE RIDE AT DAWN!
My confirmation bias says yes
/u/remindme !remindme 2d
Award me
thats y i got i p o f. merger hasnt even been announced yet
🖕 autist retards and congratulations 🚀🚀🚀
Only way you sweat for theta is if you dont want to lose a stock, are greedy, or are selling CSP on the wrong stock.

So either a) dont be greedy, b) for stocks you dont want exercised, dont sell CC or sell them stupid far out, c) dont sell csp for stocks you dont want to own/dont believe will ride out a dip.
Here for award
[removed]
You only bought 1 share of a 14 cent stock?
[removed]
Aliens 👽
Lol that’s the fullest award wall ever
Anyone in on ICLN or RIOT leaps?
Wow. WSB milestone that I'm actually part of! Here here fellas.  Here here!
Which dividend stocks are you in?
Can I use them to buy real gold.
May god have mercy
[removed]
If he exercises (so he doesn't sell), it doesn't fucking matter. All that happened is that he paid money in 2019 to buy 500 shares of Tesla at 40 in the future (split adjusted) and now he can just do that. He needs 500x40=20k to do so. He is going to be left with an unrealized gain on the stock position, that he bought for 20k + premium.
Bought BIDU 12/31 220s at close. Am I eating good or skipping meals in January?
I haven't laughed this hard in weeks holy fuck
not necessarily, they actually mutate specifically so that they can better survive
[deleted]
It don’t dip, coins it is
Yeah lmao. Trump basically put Mitch on stage to show how big of a cunt he is
[removed]
Buy what? Awards? I'm just here to make tendies and call people retards and be appreciated for it.

In return my post is cursed with some autistic bunny who prolly fondles me in my sleep.
watch as a community ends this man's whole career
Comet impact in the Atlantic.
[removed]
Wait, just learned that ENPH is joining the S&P

ICLN to the moon tomorrow 🤑🤑🤑
Can contribute through 4/21.
Get some good drugs and come hang out at my place!
You can make contributions until tax due date in April for previous year (2020)
Shotgun. I break your mom down like a double barrel shot gun the 2 pump her.
spacs usually dump post merger
It’s more like we’re selling them needles and spoons I think.
Who your bitch ass think they talking to you inbreed sister fucker
it's for investing not for playing like a gameboy
Spend the stimmy sauce on the GME dip 🌈🐻
1/14 on the spacex falcon. Launch was delayed from December.
I mean that’s all I can afford 

if you want to send me money, be my guest
Last day is the tax filing deadline which is April 15
Plz 2021 give me the green dick of money.
they are adjusting the our price
Christianity
lol by who
[deleted]
Whoever awards this comment is gay.
[removed]
"buy the tip, sell the dip"
Literally every comment now has an award 🥇
Thank you good sir. Will look into it
Every time someone gifts you gold, you get the coins, which can be used to buy gold.
Vegemite on toast.
Well now I’m going to hell. Thanks bro 🙄
Holy shit I could feed my family for a year with the amount of rewards in here
Oh damn I just saw that Lewis Hamilton just got knighted. That's pretty fucking cool
Sir, this is a GameStop.
[removed]
How does 99 percent of this sub not realize the other side of their options trades are MM's who are hedged and delta neutral? Robinhood literally makes their money by routing your orders to MM's who bend you over on every trade. Jesus.
* SGMO paper hands fuck off.  You sold because entire healthcare sector was bigly down yesterday and took SGMO down with it?  Go ahead, sit there down 10% with your thumbs up your ass when this thing rockets.  Big block trade order yesterday too, moon mission any moment
Positions or ban
Fair. OP is still a 🌈🐻 thought...
Its a swedish broker and text and all is swedish
[deleted]
PC PL company name is CC Neuberger Principal , CCNP.... CCP? CEO is Chinh Chu? IDK man, this is ccp with a chinese ceo here.
Reuters: **Cash-strapped Americans ask Mnuchin where their “stimmy” checks are**

cash-strapped Americans asking for stimmy checks sounds like a perfect description of 90% of this sub
ONLY uppies. 🚀🚀🚀
[removed]
Google is the correct answer for something like this but dark pool is when stock (maybe options) are traded through non-standard methods and won't appear on daily volume charts or whatever.

They're mostly to hide activity.
100% she did
Good luck. I think it's bound to drop a good amount but not gonna try to short a stock that has retard strength.
its an etf chill out
Should really buy them though or buy more flair?
You could probably get 2-3 mil upfront for a 130k perpetuity. 

Use that to buy 60000 TSLA 1000C 1/15 contracts. If Tesla goes to 2000, you make 6 billion.
Thanks bud
clicked on it too. brutal
Depends found some options priced under strike and think I can turn it. We shall see if I make $ or not.
Just show the Minority Report trailer
Yeah im set up for opts, it just dosent have the old interface where spreads were set up for you on the first page
wtf is going on with IPOC? I know the merger is in like 3 days or something but why the consolidation
Could go up or could go down. That’s my honest and non professional opinion.
More so the solo 401k 

35k this year for me
They should spice up their life with some usoi.
Ok it's been 3 minutes no one stopped me I'm gonna do it. 50k spread across different strikes and dates.
Ay lemme get one of those
You’re going to get flamed, I like it. First bear to put the money up. Someone bought 34k contracts expiring tomorrow. They didn’t push it down today. I’m guessing you will be green tomorrow. Well played bear.

Signed-a balls deep bull
[deleted]
Where is the 🌈🐻 award?
So once covid is over what’s the next catalyst
Stop giving everyone awards and all in GME for christs sake
No way! Who! Tell them I'm a huge fan. If its one of the dudes you listed I'll venmo you $20 if you can get em to follow me on the gram haha
Do you have sand in ur peepee
[removed]
Position?
ACAT transfer
Yes
“It is certain”
It just didn't do much for me. To be fair weed doesn't have a fun affect either. Both give me anxiety regardless of dosage. It's lame.
surprised u even were able to travel to mexico in this time, seems like a disasterous time to travel?
401K bro
Wow can anybody get an award here o.O
Seriously.
nahhhhhhhh
Power of the imagination
Not out yet
Diversification is always important. If we're looking for triple beta positions to capitalize on the US government dumping hundreds of millions via direct ($) and indirect (incentives, rebates, and ITCs) aid, QCLN will do better. ICLN is simply safer.
Buying any type of weeklies is playing with fire
Just thought of a good commercial for Palantir. You do the I Am Spartacus scene, but then like a Roman guard just walks up with his phone up and is like "Oh its this guy. This guys Spartacus" and they execute him right there. Calls on PLTR
All they’re good for is ETF’s which you can buy on all other platforms
Couple big green candles on psth today. Smart money?
Dr. Patel
Hey it’s your boy chimpu. Made so much money on Roku and never looked back. 

Jk, but Roku good yea
all those black stocks that people were buying when we started caring about their lives again
I like your style man thanks for the content. Good luck on all of these I hope you break 10m in 2021. I'm in the process of allocating most of my account into PSTH leaps and BFT shares so hopefully one day I can get to even a small percentage of where you're at now.
Something funny. 

Now where’s my award
Buffalo Trace. My daily drinker
For what it's worth, They don't put all of their trades on the email. You have to go to each fund and look at the daily PDF and check the qty each day to look for differences. I used to do it with WKHS and a few others. It's sort of a PITA. I think that's probably what OP did or is implying they did.
I feel like it’s been four score and seven years since I’ve seen red futes

It just doesn’t happen anymore. All red days canceled for eternity!
BBBY the next meme stock. I think so. It’s GME but with Karen’s. SPICY
Dude... this is a 90B company. Do you think it’s gonna hit 1T any time soon? :) It’s not some retarded high growth small cap.
im dum whith numebers
Do y'all not know he's a meme account?
At this point why do people even consider the possibility of market going down. Don’t want to lose money? Buy leaps instead of weeklies
I prefer to keep it in bullets. If this stupid charade ever blows apart, you'll want bullets, not cash to buy the dip.
To be fair, this is the most efficient /only way for many people.
ICLN gang stand back and stand buy!
Thought I was remembered false information. Could've sworn he said he wanted bigger stimulus months ago but too lazy to look it up.
Small school a couple miles north of NYC. Always tried to date girls in the city though for free lodging.
Had some makers and some Jameson, boutta knock out. Not drunk enough tbh
You mean 2020 right? Congrats btw
They’ll do.

Congrats.
why? i've been happy with them overall
I do search engine marketing for enterprise accounts and nearly every account I’ve worked on has doubled their spend YoY since covid. Their revenue is gonna be off the charts for this quarter.
$BBBY all in
Damn 10% and no exercise? Swear that stocks moved like 20-30% in a week sometimes.
Fuck yeah
God damn retard you figured out time travel. December 32nd. Fuck now I figure out how I have aged.
[deleted]
Someone's never been pod racing
VOO

[SERIOUS]

Edit: all caps like yours
nobody tell him
Pretty aggressive move needed in 2 weeks. Are you going to diamond hand or roll?
do u guys max the roth ira contribution every year? Tomorrow is the last day!
Yes preas
It’s a truly fantastic covered call play.
Oh hell yeah. Love Wetzel and Parker McCollum and
This guy looks like a nerd

Let’s kick his ass!
That’s one helluva drug. Only matched by Hopium 👌🏻😩
How do you move to a cash account?
Yeah freedom is the goal
Only when they confirm your positions
So their this chick saying I’ll come over and stay with you for a week, what are the changes she had another dude when she goes back to Boston
Dawg 🤣
💜💜💜 gonna be 6 mill next month
15p?
Right?  I only use shrooms for big decisions I've been pussy footing around or a sort of hard reset for my brain when things get really fucked up.  I've heard good things about microdosing but I really think that a one time, decent trip would probably be as effective if not more.
coke and... you know the rest
🅾️EG gonna start going the same as SOL
Sell
Wrong.
Buy the dip?
wtf is happening in this thread
We’re in the dip right now.  Next stop 🪐
Yeah I can't stand the pop shit. I really fuck with some of the new artists though. Luke Combs, Zack Bryan (less known), Childers, Wallen, Johnson, Alden I all fuck with
I hate them with a passion but have 100 shares of TSLA with it. How df do I switch without paying taxes
Upvote for the 🚀
Tesla. Spent some time observing their manufacturing incompetence. Looking for an opportunity to short. Haven’t done it heat but I have been waiting since 2018 and I am ready.
his wife wipes his ass...with all the money they got
That’s what I was thinking as soon as I saw this. People are always showing large block orders at close and don’t seem to know about market closing auctions. Almost everything has a huge print in last five minutes due to imbalances.
give yourself a blowy
lol is it just me or do all these comments have rewards
Don’t understand this. English please
Hi I’ll give myself an award since ya’ll wont
Are you sure your account is authorized for "Options Trading"?
Why are you using an ancient broker
Yikes, had to scroll so far to find what should be common knowledge. This sub is at peak levels of dumb money. Can't wait to see all this retail leverage unwind spectacularly.
Cant remember the last time futures looked this good, bears are going to be eating bologna again.
lmao
Now I have to sit through everyone spending their gains on awards meanwhile I don’t have enough money to buy a pizza
Shroomsq
Slightly down
My friend once got 6% on a multiple choice that my teacher was genuinely impressed, she told him if he had just guessed everything he could’ve at least gotten 25% but he’s so dumb (smart) he got almost everything wrong.
Hey! Im one of those guy's barber. Small world.
[removed]
PDD going to have a phenomenal 2021
Somebody tell me why NOT to go balls deep on ARKG calls
And eventually $5,000
Always lol... he piped up at the last second to fuck with mitch for not helping him coup.
[deleted]
Sir this is a blackjack table
Melvin is the big bad guy that we love hating. I can assure you, someone is in pain after  an 8x run.
Thanks
That money should be running towards Thetagang OGs
Teslaquila 🙄 duh
750 slices of pizza
$BABA going to explode with new covid strain.
At some point earnings and growth have to catchup with price levels. Thata why we will see large dumps after earnings while in between those things you mention might bump the markets. It will be interesting cherry picking game.
[deleted]
Gme
Say the word.
Calls on eating your pussy
He'll at least make some money until that point instead of gambling with a potential to lose it all.
[removed]
Started recouping losses as well, was down 36K ATH. Now down 5.2K. Last week was 4.2. Let me know if this is doable. Grinding like that seems easier
sanjay gupta?
Bus full of suits is no match for a train full of retards. Strength in numbers and their ability to coordinate on the fly.
If they are lucky they will match 2019 revenue. Don’t buy into this garbage
Where did you go ? Baruch college here but I’m  a retard
I see it at 715 on the Guinea-Bissau Transatlantic exchange
GME TO THE SKIES BROTHERS 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
baba follows American prices, its actually a bit higher than our close.  Tomorrow is up in the air.
Vanguard is such a shitty broker. Just realizing that
Not gonna like I’ll take some rewards idk why they do. Anyways rocket rocket GME moon skoden
CSPs suck.  You make 50 cents per share or whatever and watch the shares go balls to the wall that week.  Covered calls at least capture most or all of the upside.
Looks at stuff on RH but uses ToS for execution crew
wasn’t aware there were 10 minute days
Fatfire sounded dumb af - but this made me click
AMZN 3500 Soon.
!RemindMe 16 days “Oof”
[removed]
My mis-wording, apologies. Meant to say “If there is a massive sell off after the LOI announcement.”
Looking at VALE price action is literally like watching paint dry. I’m thinking about just selling the goddamn thing and riding another horse.
Woah is someone giving out awards in here???
A path
puts on Fridays then?
That's not even fucking CoD
GL you Russian bastard lol
Better to just tell people it's free money. If people think it is, let them do it....

More liquidity.
Going to be completely alone for my birthday in NYC in one week (just returning from Mexico and don’t wanna jeopardize any friends / family)

What should I do to treat myself? $1,000 limit.
Yeah but you have to go at least a dollar above last mark to even get filled on robinhood. So you are essentially paying a dollar at least per trade on RH. And I say this as a RH user that has tried out ToS.
Damn OP. Now your awardee karma is higher than your overall account karma. 

Who needs real money when you can have Reddit awards?
I was promised a tsla dip to 500 😤
Got roasted to the center of the earth and never came back. Good guy.
[deleted]
Im still standing, what I say?
It took an hour?
i'd bet 5 AMD calls that if trump tweets "ok i concede election, grats biden" spy will jump at least 1%.
[deleted]
I’m glad the poors aren’t getting their $2K. Learn to grow up with a trust fund like the rest of us!
Lol

Wsb: one dude yolo’d his life savings and made 100k, everyone cheers. 

Fat fire: everybody earns $1m at their tech job, nobody cares
Movie studio/theater relationship is completely fucked.  Studios are gonna penny pinch every single cent out of theaters forever.  It just seems to be an impossible task to run these theaters.  AMC has been on the ropes for years, they need some concessions from the studios to stay alive.

Doesn't help that 55 inch TVs are like 250 dollars these days.
I wonder if that Dr. Guy who calls Chamath his son reads this thread
r/fatFIRE
[deleted]
I use those pics to explain to my kids why they need to wash their hands after they wipe.
Yeah Luke and Cody are good,  but its getting crossed with pop.. Kane Brown, Dan and Shay, Gabby Barrett, Brett Young.. 

2010-2016 or 17 seemed much better to me IMO 
Had prime Aldean, Bryan, Rascal Flatts, Eli Young, Zack Brown, Thomas Rhett, Currington just to name a few
Are you referring to Apple and Steven Jobs?
[removed]
Yeah man when I was going to college in NY every time I was down in the city I lived off halal food carts.

Sad that a lot might go under this year.
>thought us options traders were Reddit’s leaders

really

How stupid are u
....thanks?
Someone got rich off of awards
new strain of covid doesnt fucking matter the vaccine most likely takes care of it its just fear mongering 🌈🐻 trying to cause a massive dump
Only when you need some confirmation bias
There is a 1 hour delay fetching comments.

I will be messaging you in 12 hours on [**2020-12-31 14:47:54 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2020-12-31%2014:47:54%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://np.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kn6iy2/its_a_boomer_play_but_its_guaranteed_money_ge/ghkfzwv/?context=3)

[**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fkn6iy2%2Fits_a_boomer_play_but_its_guaranteed_money_ge%2Fghkfzwv%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202020-12-31%2014%3A47%3A54%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%20kn6iy2)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|
675
[deleted]
Earnings aren’t until February and didn’t see any news. Not claiming pump and dump or anything, just curious. Might jump in tomorrow depending on how it moves
Fuck you.

Fuck me.

Fuck.
Exactly
TX country look up Parker McCollum, Casey Donahew, Mike Ryan, Koe Wetzel or Kolby Cooper. 

Last two my favs. Great music to get drunk to.
\*\*musses up hair\*\* oh, u luv it here. stop, silly
Had to give the post my free 🚀 hand. Now 💎 🧤 $GME with me and save your dough
Just wait for another stock split, we will all have another chance
How can someone buy so many shares at 1 price? Is it the average price?

In either case when you start buying that many shares wouldn't it cause the price to incrase? Or do they put a limit order to only buy at that certain price?
Full
How tf do you buy these on rh?? I cant find the interface
Wait for the lock up period to be over. I’d wait a few more days
This is not even the beginning of PLTR
Okay I just talked to my broker for an hour, I can now answer any wash sale question under the sun
Yeah bro shorts and puts!!! Buy them. Do it.
It was 12/28
Youre autistic get out
This
His name is solidary egg now or sumthin
inb4 someone calls you a melvin
$BEST - 1k shares with every paycheck
Pleas
How many times have we heard the kiddies crying when Robinhood crashed at open?
Oh, we know. Deep down we all know.
does anyone know the implied open for weekend futures?  been waiting all week for this.
[deleted]
Literally 10% of comments in here can be answered with "Google it."

9988, $-4, %-1.8
For shares no, not at all, but people buying weeklies are playing with fire.
Are you saying if Chris hemsworth wanted to snuggle with you underneath a fur blanket next to a fire you would say no???
It looks like it did the same thing yesterday for over 1.25 million shares.
This is an inward looking question Chad....
Calls on annoying Boomer Sooner fans
[removed]
link or ban
One thing we don’t get back is youth.

When you are young and eating ramen in a 300 square foot studio - you can work long hours for a startup for $30k or toss a few bucks on an SPAC.

When you’re in your 40s with a mortgage payment and a kid, you can’t take big risks.

Don’t waste your youth working a safe job or investing in dividend stocks.
[deleted]
Around $2B. Skeptics are saying this is too high of a value since it was bought out for ~300M 5 years ago. However, since then they've increase their yearly revenue x5 and have made a ton of strategic acquisitions.
[deleted]
Why meh?
the fuck goin on here
Kanagroo market. Definitely a good dip due but you make it seem like there theres going to be a recession. First 60 days as President Biden will for sure put a lot of infrastructure deals into play. Momentum will be here. Its only realistic
 ok well if he is out, he is out. I remember reading through that thread and it seemed the ppl replying in the thread didn't feel it was a pump and dump. Usually a poster will get crushed if its a pump and dump. Also, barkbox has some great numbers and seems to be headed for success if it can perform as Chewy has. Are you in? What do you think of it going forward?
Don’t know anything about it.
Have fun losing your money, Theta Gang thanks you.
They were actually lower before last quarter’s earnings before coming back hard when the earnings calls made people realize they’re fucking money machines. I mean Lockheed just got a $500 pt not that long ago and is sitting at $350 or something. All the contractors are doing better than ever and foreign sales are gonna start ramping up

I wonder if it’s cause the defense bill hasn’t technically passed
Satan starting the char on his Mitch burger already.
That’s the smartest thing you’ve said today. Just holler at the sky.
This is the confirmation bias I need
90’s and early 2000’s like Kenny Chesney, Tim McGraw, Rascal Flatts, Dierks Bentley, Alan Jackson, Shania Twain, yea
I see nothing controversial about this factual statement
Higher premiums (per day) for closer dated options.
IV is higher in the short term.
Craziest shit I’ve seen in awhile.
[deleted]
Reported for hate speech /s
lol i just saw that. what retards. Im gonna tweet that KODK is buying TSLA
Don't try and chase these gains. TSLA is near the top of a bubble during a year that could only be reproducer again once every 100 years you have the perfect storm of a major black swan dip occurring with a central bank that is completely off the rails.
[deleted]
whatever happened to that chimpu guy? blew up his account with his dumb bullish DD's in some crash?
How long until we find out if the vaccine is needed every year?
Fuck you! You are of the gay. Don’t fuck with the mods you will get your ass beat!
Yes it will
It’s Starting to become clear that we are in the early stages of a covert war with China.
Don't fuck with people who can't do their own DD, but here news literally from TODAY

"China's ministry of industry and information technology (MIIT) said the country's steel industry must reduce its crude steel output in 2021"

I don't think much else needs explaining.
adblocker
Waiting for the high to come down a little then I’m taking my way to the city I want the legit gyros
I’d rather blow up my entire account than make $1 a month lol
Stupid question but I’ve never asked: say GILD is acquired at $85/share and the deal is announced 1/1. What happens to my 7/16 $90Cs?

Guessing they’d expire worthless unless I can unload when whispers of the deal turn into a dull roar...
[deleted]
Take a couple of percocets. If you don't have those you should already know that hot rails cure everything. Really still do a few hot rails even if you have the percs.
Got a couple baby🚼CALL Debit Spreads to play with tommorow till 1:30pm est (NYE: 2pm est Early Market Close):


**GME $19/$20 • CALL DEBIT SPREADS [12/31/20]**


**RIOT $17/$18 • CALL DEBIT SPREADS [12/31/20]**


🤞🍀🤞🚀🚀🚀🤞🍀🤞
> WSB or bust 

> WSB is useless
You linked the subreddit wrong so I just saw a bunch of naked fatties. Thanks..
i honestly think it won't go over 700 this week. maybe next week, or maybe the rally just ends, but no 700 this week.
ICLN $28c 1/15 to the moon!!
It didn't eat lunch yet and is hungry
Dumb af. XLF and hyln are all about hybrid retrofitting of motors with diesel engines. Great idea, but 100% NOT Elons goal.

Everyone knows papa Elon never half asses things like that. He wholeasses them.
What the fuck??
https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kn09ji/z/ghhmyna
I'm in the same situation, I want to know too
I think the majority of the fall yesterday was due to the ex dividend date was yesterday and people dumped hard. I bet we see it over next 2 weeks (unless dems overtake the senate) get back to last weeks prices.
Some have insane expense ratios. PAUIX has a 2.99% net expense ratio. Maybe I just don't get it but that shit's a rip off. Perhaps it's for once you actually retire and want to make sure you investments DEFINITELY don't go down in value so you can't live off interest? IDK. 3% for that is still a fucking scam.
Did during quarantine. Meh.
That GME print should be on the slot machine. And the gunman should be MM
Family inheritance? Bruh you’re gonna throw away one of your loved ones life long work in the blink of a second...please don’t out of respect for them. I usually fuck around on this sub but that’s just a horrible horrible idea
What do you think of MT?
Wtf is this
Most likely somewhere around what they lost around the John Carter film days.

But the upside tho...
ok well if he is out, he is out. I remember reading through that thread and it seemed the ppl replying in the thread didn't feel it was a pump and dump. Usually a poster will get crushed if its a pump and dump. Also, barkbox has some great numbers and seems to be headed for success if it can perform as Chewy has. Are you in? What do you think of it going forward?
Like I said, I rode the crash in March and I'm beating the nasdaq, up 14% last month.
Mnuchin: Stim?

Nancy: Stim? 

Trump: No stim.

Trump: Wait, stim. 

Nancy: Stim? 

McConnell: No stim.
[deleted]
Rubber bags of air.
Sure it is
[deleted]
First of all nobody is 100% sure. Second its the speed of the spread that is dangerous - compared to speed of people getting vaccinated around the globe.
GME TO THE 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
What happens to XL  after all cars go EV and  there are no more ice engines to convert?
WSB can push the market a little bit, but with institutional ownership >120% and big name investors coming in, there might actually be something to get excited about!

GME was artificially depressed by shorts. And now they are trapped in a turnaround story
[deleted]
People use tesla gains to buy v12 lambos, who cares about tesla cars.
Lol i just checked out r/fat fire. I thought us options traders were Reddit’s leaders but I guess fat fire is where the real money is
Down -6% drilling hard.
Thcb. About to announce a definitive agreement with microvast, an electric battery company, in the next couple of weeks. You won't regret it.
I should put in a buy order for this exact price, just one share, and never ever ever sell it.

I'd probably get fucked by fractional cents though and ruin the whole thing.
How do I buy puts on Reddit awards?
Puts on SEC football printing
Roofies don’t make your butt bleed.

...oh
Boo there's way better middle grounds between Yolo on weekly fd's and dripping fucking spy
Jesus y'all for the last time, MT is a long haul. Not a day turn around.
Your drawing are pretty trash though. Better than I could do, but certainly bottom of the barrel as far as an artist goes. I recommend you invest in cheese instead, specifically Parmesan.
Don't low float stocks usually have a high spread? Why do you think market makers are or would be interested in those particular stocks? Also do you really think you can provoke any sort of reaction by having such a small buying power compared to the mm? ( I get that they are low float stocks but that can still mean millions of outstanding shares)
I really doubt a few hundred or even thousands would make any noticeable difference in the bigger scheme.
Can you note an example stock where you did just that and roughly how many outstanding shares were there? How much did you put in and what kind and how fast was the reaction?

Can you describe some of those 5 instances in more detail?
🌈🐻never learn. They always lost money. Am a perma bull
Drank a whole bottle of wine today my SIL got me for Christmas. Shit went down like grape juice. Low ALV, finally have a nice buzz at the bottom of the bottle. Woot
You made me so curious i had to
agreed, slowly changing though, the 2021 trim for 3 and y replaced a bunch of plastic interior bits with metal and swapped the piano black for mate black.
Yup, no biggie if you had tsla called away on one of it's insane upswings just for some premium. Yup.... No biggie... Ccs are literally free money. Zero downsides.
[deleted]
Fuck man now I want one.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Este pinche wey
Nice.
202-224-2541 His office and Go!
yes
RH executes your trades at the shittiest amounts.
u know if u play a country music song backwards u get your wife back, your job and your dog is still alive
ok well if he is out, he is out. I remember reading through that thread and it seemed the ppl replying in the thread didn't feel it was a pump and dump. Usually a poster will get crushed if its a pump and dump. Also, barkbox has some great numbers and seems to be headed for success if it can perform as Chewy has. Are you in? What do you think of it going forward?
Well did u say pls come back?
In all seriousness AMZN is the ultimate long term hold. They are going to own the web and also deliver packages via their own couriers which will include drones. Plus Bezos controls the media because he owns Washington post. Retailers should have found another career when "Walmart: the high cost of doing business" came out like 10 years ago. Warnings were there. AMZN will dominate.
baba yaga!
[removed]
uvxy shares.  my target sell is 0 or 75
Baba, entered positions on 3 consecutive Fridays and had to cut my loses the following Monday due to some bad news over the weekend thinking there’s no way another one would pop up. Never fucking with that shit again!
[deleted]
ublock origin
Please learn how ETFs work
Contrary to popular belief.. Melvin Capital isn't shaking in their boots over their short position.. It amounts to far less than 1% of their AUM.
Hope y'all know it's a meme acct with fake name, title and pic.
He needs to be cremated and his remains shot into space inside a Tesla.
Thats not even news. What do you think will happen trump not leaving or creating civil war.
Markets dont care abour trump since november
Yeah after a $600 stimulus the accounts are now three fifty and steadily falling.
As far as the price for CLF goes, that’s just what I read today( It went up to the highest it’s been that I’ve been in it ). Anyways, personally I don’t expect anything like 2008. (Options on steel companies are so good it only has to move a little to make bank,seriously check it out)China produces most of its steel in house now like you said. But there is without a doubt a supply/demand imbalance going on right now...it’s just undeniable. Futures for ALL of next year are up. Also demand worldwide is expected to return to a 4% increase for 21. So demand is supposed to be there, but supply it seems, will not. I’ve read some Q3 steel company reports, and at that time,demand was starting to return. So ATH steel prices plus retuning demand? Honestly the Infrastructure packages and other things are just extra catylsts in my mind. To answer your question though it’s a play on next year, historically steel prices peak feb thru June though. Q4 steel earnings start in a couple weeks so I’m going to feel it out and go for it. Am I stupid? Probably, but I’m Buying appropriately dated calls just slightly outta the money on quality companies, limiting my risk(they will probably get there even without big catalysts) as much as possible.
Futes are broken
Cause Tesla has to rise like 30 %tomorrow for it to pay anything dingus
Less than 9 months ago this shit was hardly hovering above $3. Are you really insinuating there is a reality where this kind of pump is gonna be over when we start to get some chafing? Fuck no, this is a community where we go to the nub. Fuckin retard. It’s time to go to Mars.
Give Pikesville Rye a shot (or two)
AAPL set for big bare-ass moonage
ARCT will be 55 tomorrow. Crayons told me
Yes
“There is a pleasure in the pathless woods, There is a rapture on the lonely shore,There is society where none intrudes,By the deep Sea, and music in its roar:I love not man the less, but Nature more.” ~ Lord Byron
500% gain.
2021 is priced in
[deleted]
Yeah, but pandemic P still throwing bricks
Yeah I think you are going to lose a lot of money on this..
What adblocker do you guys use for Chrome?
Bulls on parade, baby. 

*RATM intensifies*
Be careful of the 2nd, you can risk margin call if you get assigned since you dont actually own stock.
Do futes matter ?
SHLD was delisted in 2018. get over it boomer
Likely not going to drive 🔼. Need more advertising data to come into play
I've posted the proof with a picture to indulge you 😑
Ill get out on Jan 6th if I dont like what i see.
You think that's retarded? I bought PFE at the top, twice.
Sure covid was mutating. But this has significantly increased its spreading power to new levels.
True
Y’all got any more of those plats
[deleted]
This is the way?
You have soft spots on your head
I have made a killing from you on PRPL. I'm gonna jump in on as much of this as I can. I've got a lot in on MT right now.
I actually feel sorry for you if that’s what you think
PSTH might be the safest play
Hahaha... Friday - December 31st, 2021 I will rinse my balls in Crystal!!!!
Sinopharm I guarantee just created the greatest vaccine this planet has to offer. Who knows what’s up China’s sleeve these days.
i got PDT restriction the other week on RH and i just hit 26k on my account today but it still says I'm restricted-will it update tommorow?
Down 1.5%
The name of the game is allocation of resources. Both stimulus and vaccine need to be rolled out fast or else...I agree.
I mean it is a meme stock tho, your on to something
This is the high quality content I come here for
Ban the bear
What are the chances I get cut a 17th time? One in a billion...
Well damn the madman actually did it. Best of luck
Its a true story.  There's no free lunch.  The cash comes out of the company reducing the value.
Mutation is covered by the vaccine stupid
[deleted]
ur right they are obsidian hands
[deleted]
[deleted]
I've got NIO longs don't think I'm trippin, I'm thinking might be worth to sell before and rebuy when it dips
I get instant fills in robinhood tho
So it moons when the market is closed?
If you're not comfortable losing it, join theta gang. We never lose, sometimes we just win less good, unless you suck ass at picking stocks. You won't be a millionaire tomorrow but slow and steady upwards selling idiots here their fd's
ABNB should 🚀2021
BABA only goes uppies from here!
OH SHIT FORREAL? OLE BUFFY? I GOTCHU MORE STOCKS HERE I COME
🌈🐻
[deleted]
And the grass is green
🤡
True or False....I spent more money on drugs this year than I made from options.
Not as many contracts but...

2x $21c 01/21/21

 1x $20.5c 01/15/21

BEP \~25 on both
My phone glitched while opening this post due to the sheer amount of awards
Broke even on mine a few days ago when we hit \~23 and got out. Looking for a better entry point and expiry now.
[deleted]
Pick your top 10 stocks sell puts at 80% chance of profit or .20 delta rake in money from expired contacts, if you get assigned sell calls at same strike price or higher if you want to keep them and profit again.
dead ass
I just use it for holding shares, I feel more sophisticated. Robinhood is much easier to see a chart and everything
You know what:

FUCK MELVIN CAPITAL

WE AINT FUCKING SELLING!!!

GME TO THE MOON!!!

DOUBLING POSITION TOMORROW!!!!!!!!!
Yeah, I'm actually getting pissed at people lashing out at our resident boomer Vito. Any simple DD would lead you to the same conclusions, and any date after March should hit tremendously. I have mostly April 30C myself as I'm pretty darn bullish. 

Nice seeing someone else be reasonable and not paperhanding. I'm thinking that its likely we'll be celebrating in a few weeks time, cya round, ha!
 Nah money before honey lol jk
You just murdered all retards dreams with this! Fuck you man
You’re an all star
Man there's a great one out of tn called h clarks black and tan. Super smooth and reminds me of smores. Goes well with tendies :)
he’s already burning in hell before actually entering one
It doesn’t matter what you do, the result is the same.
how is baba in hk?
I’m from au and it’s like one of the only options :(
Scammers charging around 1usd per contract
[removed]
Ok I agree maybe not dumping but they have never sold that many shares in a given day, and they have always added. But when they do sell they either decreasing the risk or wanting to get in at a lower price that's all I'm pointing out.
buy puts instead
Ketamine here; wouldn't mind trying psilocybin.
Kilkerran 12 year....delicious single malt
Valuations haven’t been justified in months. 
Viruses mutate that’s what they do.
Definitely enphase
I went there to see this live.  I can't understand this being an accomplishment.  It's the equivalent of celebrating saving some money by switching from triple ply toilet paper to single ply.  The whole subreddit is pretty cringey.  Dudes posting $2k annual dividends with 45 different stocks asking for advice on how to increase it.
Anticipation of good earnings. I also caught wind of this stock from the DD posted here. I’ve since done my own research. All things point to a positive Q4 with more great news in Q1 2021.
$4,200 by 2022
very nice
Any stock i bought at that time would have been a 5 bagger. Literally any stock. Not even calls, just stocks. Its a shit stock will never trade it.
choose the one that didn’t give you $4 in store credit for your gamecube
SPY is up around 15% for the year.
this sub is 10,000 retards when all you need is a knife
of course not
Papa Nutella and Tim AAPL are friends so yes
Homemade THC oil in my tea.
I thought we will get additional warrants only if sell off happens during the merger, and not after the merger.
Found this shoes with RSI below 30:

[https://www.adidas.com/us/adizero-club-shoes/EF2771.html](https://www.adidas.com/us/adizero-club-shoes/EF2771.html)
This is the way.
He literally went up in a rocket with the former governor of California.
How to get people on WSB to invest in a meme stock: shower them with Reddit awards. To the MOON! 🚀🚀🚀
Hell yeah
Forex account obv
How do I get an award?! I'm a retard too
I have mixed feelings about this sub
there's actually 1 huge piece of (potential) good news remaining

smooth inauguration. trump is still trying to fight for presidency. the time when he finally wholly concedes, market will moon hard.

and of course if the opposite happens and trump causes a total shit storm, markets will tank.
Just smoke some weed, thats a waste of drugs man
Man I literally LOLed the fk out. Thx
If I had enough money to buy a share of GME I'd probably just spend it on reddit awards
I am absolutely certain lol.
There are dozens of us

DOZENS
High.... high.... hi.... hired.
What's the valuation on e2open?
[deleted]
i was going to ask the same q. heard good things
For sure. You have gems like Tyler Childers, Luke Combs and Cody Johnson
Invest into rental property. Then yolo the rest.
One last pump!
Snap
Sweet stimmy
The 2 times they started gaining a decent bit over a few days they throw a offering out kinda sketching me out
Gotta love the retards on stocktwits, they post a tweet from some random account saying XL is gona be bought out by Tesla now the whole board is convinced 

Calls on XL
😈 

Let’s fukking go GME! 🚀 🚀 🚀
Sir you may have fissures
Don't heta the theta
That's what I sold lol
Maybe December 30th 2021 - it’s had a good run
Monitor?  You mean how quick is our knee jerk reaction to the top movers?
Don’t forget Nio day is next Saturday. Those 3 and Sgmo are my Mount Rushmore for 2020 & 2021
Just finished off my McCallan’s 12 year
I think he was hinting that starlink/spaceX gonna merge with Bossman Bill SPAC
[deleted]
My spreads better print, daddy wants a new whiskey to try..but only if it comes from market gains.
What mid tier bottles ya'll drinking
[deleted]
US market gone shorn that sheep but HK glueing that wool right back on again. Make it stick this time.
But he did dump STIC and got a good faith violation. He's mentioned it himself, check his comment history
Sofritas are pretty good ngl
“Free”
No it will keep going until 300$
[deleted]
Oh your crazy for doing that lmao and I thought my adderall moments were bad
[removed]
What strike price?
for ukrainians by ukrainians
[removed]
[https://i.vimeocdn.com/video/758070875\_1280x720.jpg](https://i.vimeocdn.com/video/758070875_1280x720.jpg)
Nah their ui is trash
Also we have Biden as president now
robocough
Tesla 1000 by earningz
[removed]
Allen's apple juice box
been sayin that for months
See, that's what I thought but it's not what I read.

*big shrug* I literally have no idea and have been given conflicting information.
"some guy said there's a DD for GME" lol. idk king. MT is the only legit meme play I've seen recently imho.
all ICLN
Does anyone think Karp may drop COVID-related contract news during/before this? Could be BIG.

[https://www.washingtonpost.com/washington-post-live/2021/01/07/path-forward-combating-covid-19-with-palantir-ceo-alexander-karp/](https://www.washingtonpost.com/washington-post-live/2021/01/07/path-forward-combating-covid-19-with-palantir-ceo-alexander-karp/)
It isn't a party without some old Hank.
Sorry to hear that, I hope things get better
If Elon dies I would buy a Tesla in his honor
how do i convert, its at 233 there rn
Manifest some bitches in yo life 😎
TF? Did he put his finger in your plop plop?
Damn someone dropped 130 GME shares on Reddit coins for all these awards
[deleted]
Have you tried zooming out more than a week?

You might get a surprise!
bro you might have rectal cancer go see a doctor
nah, elon doesn't have to die for this to happen, he just have to be in his tsla and fall asleep with autopilot and crashes.....
It’s legit 1 dollar for an instant fill.
plus the ui is shit compared to rh
Yo Elon can I get some gold daddy
username makes sense
I was going to say for every reward I’ll buy more shares until i realized I’m balls deep in the GME autism already
Of course, my first ever award was in this sub. That is an actual surprise.
What’s google?
The valuation is too high and for that reason I'm out
I’m only here for awards 😌
seriously....
Definitely not lol
Whip it
is baba drllling?
Love to see the SUMO in there. It saved my account after making some bad plays. I’m out of it now but I’ll be back if it sees $25 again.
Okay I manifested TSLA and enph into sp500, now I need to manifest amzn stock split
u know im sippin onnat bud light
[deleted]
Nah
Has gone downhill past couple of years
Anybody here microdosing on psilocybin?
I have 10 calls at .70 cents this morning for 700 calls 12/31..ALL OUT FOR CAPITAL LOSS OR GAINZZZZ YOLO
How’s anyone feeling about $snap lol I bought calls at the wrong time
Same. Just tapping my calculator. I have been thinking just put money in SPACs with big name at $10 and take out $15. And repeat this like 5-10 times. With 10k, 10 iteration of this will give 570k haha. I am a fucking retard 😭
In a world where google doesn’t exist.
Says the guy who buys pennystocks 😅
🎉
In at $96.82 time to 🚀🚀🚀
Jesus, I think he is very much overestimating compounding.  His entire year's return is like an hour and a half's work at Wendy's
Sell 10 TSLA $695calls spread to $740ish (so you can afford 10) for TOMORROW and see what happens
But it hasn't gone above $30 in like 2 years.
This is calm before storm. Pattern is similar to last year when we didnt care too much about the virus because it was in the other corner of the world and markets were ath. We were dealing with other stuff.
Now we are dealing with other stuff like defense bills and stimulus checks while another variant is coming big. Markets also ath. Sure vaccine is there but question marks loom.
In 2020, once the rock bottom happened, every single new thing was good news by definition. Now i think we have depleted sources of good news for a while. No more vaccine is developed, no more stimulus talks going well. Valuations at all time high which i almost guarantee wont be justified by earnings in coming months. New variant can only be bad. 
Once vaccines hit, people almost neglect covid and i think its still very dangerous.
Prediction: markets will tank with first earnings if new variant does not hit earlier. 
I can be wrong but downside risk is far more at this level than upside gain.
And 75k is worth less tomorrow than it is today - ain’t that a bitch.  My dad said it best - only solution here is to make more money.
When reddit IPO I will go all in on it. We have too many retards on reddit with too much money to spent.
Think or swim is ass. Charging for options trading? Wtf? It’s free in robinhood
I thought this company was gone
sold my BA calls at the top at 242 and felt like a god. bought the dip at 225 and thought i was smart and now im at a loss again lul
would work best on Bezos.. he always seemed a lil in the closet
All for tsla as a stock but does anyone find their cars plastic AF? cybertruck could be a departure when it rolls out.
I like the break out between technical and fundamentals currently. I like everything else you said
Everyone is that retarded. And don't call us Shirley.

The serious reason is that meme stocks are a thing, they are real, as stupid as they are. And it's all just IV at that point. Right? I mean whether you call or put or strangle her neck or spread eagle or go vertical (whatever that means) your chances at profit are pretty fucking.

good.

That was supposed to be one sentence.
Is there a real link to that? Lmfao
Me and my 17$ GME covered calls did not come here to be personally attacked!
They aren't statistics, retard.
I mean i think Pltr is going to 50+ eventually. no clue when from the little dd ive done it seems like they know what they are doing
I’m probably older than you and the sub is mostly GME bets and PLTR tears these days.
What the fuck?
"dimwits with $100 RH accounts" 

I get it, being poor is bad.
I'm the opposite unfortunately.
> Chinese dumping steel

At this point, what aren't the Chinese dumping on the rest of the world? I've heard everything from plastic crap to drugs
Fidelity active trader
🏳️‍🌈🐻🏳️‍🌈🐻🏳️‍🌈🐻

💎🤲💎🤲💎🤲

🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Wut
Good call....    got em
Hahaha what is this a fucking boot convention??
Can't speak for PLTR but GME is still undervalued and has ridiculously high short interest to boot.
$YUM is a tech company. Bullish on KFConsole
Sell now and take the loss to offset what you won.  Buy back on Jan 1.  And probably loose more for 2021 taxes!
Why are you so bearish on BA? Was there news?
Lol at tasty works for charging money for options trading, that shit kills your profits
We're switching over to PSTH when they get a LOI
find your inner nazi and hunt it yourself lest magneto or al pacino or some other nazi hunter finds you
There's more money in these comments than I have on GME shares
Some people do what you may see as called a “basis reset”.  Wash sale rule applies to losses so people can’t beat the tax man.  However, with gains, the IRS will tax you on the sale of the gains, your basis will reset if you re-buy, and then they will tax you again when you sell again. 

The PRO of this is comes if you have a lower tax bracket than in the future, a down year, unemployed etc.  Your new basis starts over (at a higher price) so taxes down road are taxes less (unless someone changes the tax rules...)

If you made less than 40k for example and sold 40k of long term gains, you’d have 0 taxes on them, for example. 

If you have a lot of losses might as well take any gains against them if you’re tax bracket low, and just re-buy into them as if still long on them. 

The main CON to this is:
You have to wait a year for long term gains rate to kick in again. 

Hope this helps.  I didn’t see any post about why you would do a “wash” on gains. But there could be a good reason to do so.
Ya'll fuck with country music?
[deleted]
Wtf are balloons
Fuck no idk what that is
Your misspelled title asks how you know when a stock is done falling. Then you said you want to “do” calls but you’re not sure if it’s done falling. You literally asked for a prediction twice.
When you get banned you degenerate fuck
I’m in VIX calls for the first two weeks of the year, but I think the market will stabilize by mid-Jan.  I didn’t go OTM so hopefully it’s not a massive gamble, but there is still a lot of up-side if volatility spikes.
and pu$$
It also means someone else sold 3 million shares...
The irony is golden
"I'm doing my part!" - u/dirtclods
Fucking tards
Ugh I need to do my taxes so I get my stimmies. Fuck.
They would become martyrs and TSLA and ARK will all 10x again in 2021
Is there a better subreddit than WSB?

No. No there is not.
[deleted]
tasha keeney let me see that a$$
i always enjoy 10 minute DTE calls on spy and AMD. sometimes they randomly moon the last 5 minutes and it can be a quick 500%. or expire worthless but yolo. tomorrow is short day so 9:50 instead of 12:50
Must have been the rufie. 

It's ok. Just remember, almond milk lasts forever, your anal virginity is always up in the air.
It’s going to close below 93 tomorrow. I gave up all hope on my my 94c’s already.
What makes you so confident in  PRPL ?  What catalyst is propelling the growth that its seeing?   Interested in a high level autists thoughts
This is what dreeeams are made of!!
First you get the money, then you get the power, then you get the women. -Scarface.
Whatever happened to that Softbank spac
[deleted]
[deleted]
gyno?
[deleted]
I saw 🚀🚀, thats enough for me
Both. PLTR selling off destroyed a lot of FD holders here and others are still hungover from the holidays
GME has a DD. Look it up. 
PLTR I don’t get it.
Great statistics there bud
Lmfao
Step 1. become an escort

Step 2. fuck CEOs

Step 3. become their favorite escort

Step 4. Use that friendship for insider trading

Bruh bears get fucked in the ass for free when they could just be doing this lmao
Calls were bought and puts were sold. Read from the pictures
[deleted]
I know u r high when u said lamb gyro 🥙, that’s exactly what I do when do weed+balloons
Maybe...but with price targets of 300+ from most analysts out there, a couple of days ago when it was hovering around 220 wasn’t a bad time either.
I’m glad this is before the IPO... makes people more nervous of the company so we can buy it cheaper
Bullish on TTM
[deleted]
If Elon and/or Cathie died, TSLA and ARK funds would go to zero. 

Imagine being that reliant on one person
🍏
What good comment earned you your flair?
Are there any stocks you refuse to buy no matter what, even if you know for sure price is going up? If so, what stock and why?
[deleted]
the hardest part to this plan is step 2.5, how to get away from police pursue
50k 30c fcx 1/2022.... got em dirt cheap 3 wks ago and up big.... iv is still low.... industrial metals will moon in 2021 and MMs will be pushing the sh*t out of it.... this is probably the easiest call i have ever seen....
Tri motor FSD
Purple drank
Totally agree. A couple people I know that got covid had a rough time with it. None hospitalized, better stay that way.
Breaking out the tequila
What do you mean by 5 bagger?
Wendy’s stock!  Got it, all in!
May the FD’s be with you
[deleted]
You spacesuit-wearing bunch of baloney tasting pussies, get off of this ultimate retard and go do your DD to stop the penis man from ruining the GME rocketing  🚀🚀. And stick with FREE awards, your 100$ from Reddit could buy you a Lamborghini in the nearest damn future
Market half day tomorrow or full normal day?
[removed]
P C P L is the most undervalued SPAC. Going to post DD on it soon. It's merging with e2open, a tech company that provides cloud based supply chain services for a ton of big companies such as Microsoft, Boeing, AMD, 3M, etc. Its most recent financials weren't the strongest but that's attributable to Covid-related supply chain disruption. I'm excited for when this gets that PCP retard strength.
I’ve been bearish on tesla for a long time, that’s why I’ve never hopped on the hype train
HK recovering in BABA
How far out do you play?
😂😂 i am a retard unfortunately i should’ve just said buy BNTX
Brusbands
TSLA deliveries far exceed Street estimations. Street didn't estimate TSLA be shipping cars with passenger side doors that don't close & dented seats. Big brain moves.
wat u do
TSLA just printed $705 on the Sri Lankan mercantile exchange
I have no clue what you’re talking about
This post makes me forget 2020. I am ready for 2021 now
That’s all the proof I need. Buying more stocks at open
N P A🚀🚀🚀🚀 Space Phones!!!!
If this ain't the fucking truth. People losing their asses and playing these retarded tickers that are mentioned every other comment after they have ran up 300 percent.
It works
Dude if Dems win the Georgia runoff ICLN going straight to God damn moon

1/21/2022 30 and 32
any ladies up in this b*tch
Dont do this. Youll be in excrutiating pain.

Just shave or go get waxed by some chinese lady
Scotch - J&B on the rocks. Ran out of Cutty this last weekend :(
[deleted]
Testing one two
Hey now
BREAKING: THIS IS THE US PUSSY
Ban
not in the usa from what I read just now
Because $GOEV hasn't been pumped enough on here yet!
The kindest of strangers?
Absolutely! This guy gets it
Anal-ihilate*
Yes
Hardywood Bourbon Barrel Raspberry Stout
Only here can a post have more awards than comments on it.
Nice I knew there would be at least one smart answer. I know we are all retarded but some less than others
Legit remember that one being $11 and everyone here talking trash at $13
Market doesn't close tomorrow. 

It's a NYSE New Years tradition. It keeps the money flowing into the new year so there's not a break in continuity.
TL/DR: Idiot Walks Straight Into Buzz-Saw But Don’t Give No Fucks.
Thanks for backing me up, I thought I was an idiot there for a second. Phew
If someone asks the diff between ark k,g,t then thas a shot
Please, someone love me.
Melt up theta day to end the year. Nice and easy
Malbec
Rick Santelli on suicide watch
dont tell me what to do
Because fuck Melvin.
This has been an exciting thread
FOMO
there is no wrong ARK.
Bless us Korean jesus
That makes no sense. You don't need to manipulate all the stocks to move one low volume stock in _any_ industry
Hey at least we finished France in six weeks
This is ridiculous
Ok so they sold 7k shares, this doesn’t constitute as the “dumping” as you tried to convey in your previous post. ARKW is actively managed and they have accumulated more than 100k shares just this month, selling 7k is not a big deal.
Lmao gloats over the stock being down 8% for the week after it goes up 300%. Fuck off
Lmao I will but why is this an insult
I love hand jobs
BREAKING: INDIA STOCKS GO FROM -.2% TO NOW GREEN!
Def NIO calls
Pls no
WOW, a whole 0.27% :O

What you guys don't realize is that 

1. Institutional shorts have more information than you do.
2. The institutional shorts are in this for the long haul.  You guys have no idea what their time-frame is, it could be 5 years, it could be 10.
3. Given that GME hasn't had this long-await "infinite" squeeze just yet, it clearly means that shorts have a very high tolerance when it comes to GME. Or, just to play devil's advocate, given GME's extremely low float - the entire upswing could be engineered. But that's just speculation.

Right now, you guys are just blindly buying hoping for an event that is likely not going to happen, or atleast not in the near future.
G means g-spot and k means special k
arkg
i keep going to beginners books written by people other than me in a field where i claim to be the smartest, god i’m so miserably stupid
But what if he wants to exercise them but doesn't have the $20k in his account?
Tomorrow is last day to trade for the year so 100 grand in one day would be the greatest loss porn ever.
What’re we sippin tonight? I got Evan Williams and 7 up☹️
No, not at all
[removed]
BABA only goes up from here!!! 🚀🚀🚀
Lmao
I’m just here for an award I don’t deserve.
Waiting for the Roadster bb
Donald, is that you?
Liquid IV (look it up) before bed and when you wake up. 💯
"Pepe Silvia," this name keeps coming up over and over again. Every day Pepe's mail is getting sent back to me. Pepe Silvia! Pepe Silvia! I look in the mail, and this whole box is Pepe Silvia! So I say to myself, "I gotta find this guy! I gotta go up to his office and put his mail in the guy's goddamn hands! Otherwise, he's never going to get it and he's going to keep coming back down here." So I go up to Pepe's office and what do I find out? What do I find out?! There is no Pepe Silvia. The man does not exist, okay?
Nah people find other outlets to spend their money on. Online shopping/AMZN is a big indicator
Ya'll drained all the awards Reddit offers
The test came back - Positive for Autism
[removed]
[removed]
[deleted]
converse with him in a clean room + offer % cuts. You're both set if you play this right.
Heyyyyy 😏
Bong market closes early tomorrow, expect a kinda quiet day... or I could be totally wrong.
See a doctor
Are you sure all those puts are gonna fit in your purse with all those dildos 🍆🍆🍆🍆
Plot twist, Mach 45 iron man suit comes to save Elons life
Do you read charts? I would look for a "logical" support level and enter there. I put logical in quotes because, obviously, the knife can keep falling, but at least you have a reason you're entering the trade at that point.

Also, Sir, this is the Bellagio.
Have you calculated all of your losses yet?
Never said predict the future i said what do you typically do. Or how long do you monitor
Throwing 10k into weekly fds tomorrow morning. Which should I go for?

Upvote for NIO calls
Downvote for GME calls
ARKG bagholder. Cathie Woods cucked me real good
θ GANG
Key is to bring it out at 930am so you make well thought out and  controlled moves
Lidar MVIS and LAZR
business major LMAOOOOOO
[removed]
Sir you may have hemorrhoids
🚀🚀🚀🚀
I mean, it kind of adds up. I don’t even trade that much but paid $200 in option commissions of tda this year.
see if he can get you a date with Mistress Cathie
What’re u testing
Gotta be honest, I am way more interested in this sketchy site. Does this feel like an insider at Gilead to anyone else? The site is hosted by Squarespace, masking the location, and the visitation from Foster City could just be the guy running the site.

GripRoom? GileadRoche? I’ll show myself out
No balls pussy
That sad, my dad was hospitalized by the flu but breezed through covid. It probably has to do with genetics. Covid is bad.
FOMO
Hey
Delete this shit homie
75k ain’t rich homie
F
Hahaaa. I didn’t think anyone would pick up what I was putting down.
[deleted]
No one tell him
His personality is downloaded to a neuralink. It immediately uploads to a faster, stronger clone. He unveils new plans and projects moving forward in a sudden press conference. Tesla 🚀. Your puts expire worthless.
The time I was as drunk as I've ever been a street vendor talked me into trying a taco inside a gyro and it was hands down the best fucking thing I'd ever eaten.
Tomorrow is Boeing Dump Day. 

Mark it.
It’s steel gangs year, throw some down on $MT, $STLD for late 2021
Futures hanging by a butt hair you blow on it and they fall.
“Professional Options Trader”
Go study for your zoom university
[deleted]
Ends at 695.00, Monday it goes ATH
What’s good mattress king-I have 2100 shares in BFT at 14.80 avg, hopefully turn my ~30k into 75-100, maybe one day be up there with the 👑 🤴 💜
Yeah I mean if you think you know when it’ll crash makes no sense holding onto calls if you think you can get them again at a discount. That said good luck trying to time the market.
I’m so proud 🥲
riot call holders.... you are up dont be greedy!!!!! selll even if you are up 3%....iv is over 250%.... this is a short term top... just watch out
may be... but i wouldnt do it if the guidelines for 2021 is 800k+ delivery...
Why are people so fucking eager to get into BABA? There will be a better time to get in.
[deleted]
agree
We are gonna need a source on that
[removed]
[deleted]
I think bberg too but starlink would make me shoot hot loads everywhere.
Someone give me platinum and I’ll give you a less exciting award
Selling contracts on delta is the way. 15-25 Weekly/biweekly if you want to keep them, 30-40 if you don't. Built in volatility (IV and vanna) compensation. Just be on the look for a glitch in the delta chain, lot of opportunities when the sweeps hit.
If you’re rich why does it matter 🙄
The sale date occurs on the day the order is filled. That’s also the date in which the gain/loss is realized.
took a shit earlier and was bleeding either someone slipped me a rufie last night or it was the rotten almond milk I drank. If it is the rufie scenario I just hope the guy is rich asf rip
>down falling 

Get this guy a helmet he’s one of us
Any new gangs? Haven’t been keeping up on this sub lately
yeah, I agree it's a stupid comparison, that's why I said it, that's what I've been saying this whole time -- there are a lot of people who mine REEs and just aren't main competitors yet, but to think that they never will be is a mistake.
Award, please.
This is correct.

Source: female
fuck r/all tbh
It’s more funny but good for sure
You don't have to look at from an infinity squeeze perspective. I don't think it'll infinity squeeze either, because those only happy by design with intense market manipulation. What is likely however is a regular short squeeze after console earnings are reported which will be an excellent time to sell. There isn't only one play to be had here.
Not the point, just saying we have so much wasted $ that should be directed towards people that actually need.
I’m hoping daddy Biden will actually bring me some bread
Can I say I do?
G is high in gay?
Bring out the whiskey!
[deleted]
Fuck it, I'm rich now.
Someone I graduated with died of the flu at 28, don't know anyone who has died if covid though 🤯
Drink up bish 🥃
I got mine with dual exhaust diesel Front wheel drive
If I have $400k and it isn't $10M yet I have work to do.  Fuck owning a home....I wanna retire early and do whatever the fuck I want. I can own later once I'm entirely free.
[removed]
It closes at 4 doesn’t close early
Hard to 3x your money on theta gang, cuz when you’re right you could always have made more by being in the straight up calls....
Webull
He could get in trouble for helping you can't he lol
Well hell I just put an order for 50 more shares at open tomorrow. Great DD!
Something Something collecting nickles and something about getting steamrolled..
When I say so
Wait, JCP still alive? I thought they went Chp 13.  Damn $0.15 per stock, maybe in 20 years it'll goes to $10. Fck, buying 100 share tomrrow.
Them Wage Slaves just built different man 😔
Okay load up on BNTX then bro
Yeah, right before that fucker filed for the largest bankruptcy ever. It then caused the US housing market to collapse (Lehman Brothers, etc)

There’s Jim Cramer wisdom for you.
Nobody here is going to give you solid advice
Ya but then a couple days later, it proceeded to burn the shorts. Remember? I remember. And then the epic rise to $1800 and epic meme of papa Elon with his flamethrower burning short shorts everywhere happened. It was glorious.
Bill ack said this
$240 by this guys math
dope as f
[deleted]
For many this was a good year financially because they couldn’t spend the money lmao
me too plz
Don’t do what you were going to do today, instead think about what you would do tomorrow and do the opposite.
Proof or ban
absolutely
Hahaha
[removed]
You're in the wrong place seeking investment help. GME to the moon! 🚀🚀🚀 Tbh with candlestick charts, you can see if the momentum chances (paired with bid/ask price)
To re-balance? No one stock can be >10% of their funds. When Tesla goes up, they often sell some of it.
[deleted]
[deleted]
I don't really get why people are panicking about MT, it's not like it dumped, it seems like consolidation to me, I'm pretty confident about my April 25C position.
Bruh...you know they have a website and there is this search engine called Google.
Could make a living playing weekly $30 calls and $25 puts
why not both?
In then years Will they have “American massage parlors” in Beijing where American women give handjobs for a few chang-sheckles?
It’s a bf
😂 lol of course they can. Fuck it ima just buy the calls no DD needed.
yall alcoholics are about to make me bring the alc out the fridge
\-1.5 real time
I wish I was poor so I could get the stimmy also 🥲
No
Anyone round here for more than a few months knows the batman pattern is classically bearish, tread carefully, or ya know do whatever tf you want...
Good luck trying to find a property that will cash flow in this market. And then pay 5-10% monthly to a property manager
They can always send it back. See how many PPP checks went back from publicly traded companies? 

Exactly.
He should be mandated to wear a hat at all times by the FCC, or make his profile pic NSFW
Ahhh fuck we’re about alienate another subreddit again.
The ghost of Shkreli awarding all of our comments again
Not the Badger?
geez dude you are really dumb. it was a higher percentage on 11/25 because PLTR price was higher relative to the fund price. Since then PLTR has gone down in share price and the fund has gone up.... that means the percentage of the fund's holdings in PLTR has gone down. it doesnt mean the fund sold shares. it actually probably means the fund will buy more PLTR
Theta gang don’t sleep easy. True test of risk tolerance. Because you’re playing 90% chance to win 1:10 rewards if you lose the 10% you lose -1000%. The “safer” the strike the bigger the percentage loss.

In fact my Tesla short 680/700c 12/31 spreads cost me -500% today. In hindsight I should have covered yesterday but who expected Tesla to moon 4%? Even 2% I would have been totally fine.
Buy them all
silence
shares?
If I like the company and it’s down 20% u better bet I’m putting half my portfolio in that bitch
I’d buy stock in them. Lines wrapped around the block practically.
I tried trading opinions but nobody likes mine.
Who do they negotiate the deal with? GME?
Yes, Ameritrade rep kept asking me if I want lvl 4 and futures *after* I already declined, lol. No, I’d rather not foot gun myself.
You get that hot Thanksgiving tip?
So is this new ARK space with cathie or no?
The K version is high in potassium
sure, no problem, have a happy new year and good luck with your stocks
[removed]
This edible is kicking in hard now all I want is a lamb gyro
Yes please
Ban
Tell that to GME
AMD-SAN!
Last day to tax harvest was yesterday because of t+3 (according to what I read yesterday).
cause you dont know poor people
What a throw
Amd 55 exp in 2-3 weeks trust me
Multiple HK by 1.032
Yeah, just trying to put the industry in context for you.

You could say uranium in the early 1900s. Lots of people found it and could pull it up, but there was no point. Then Marie Curie mined it for a while as a hobby. Then it became economically useful and lots of companies jumped in. The original mining companies don't really exist today, like Eldorado Resources was one of the first major players and they went defunct in 1988.
Not tomorrow
Shot
It's beautiful!!! 🏆
Me
If it goes to 1000by then you might be able to afford a house. 🤡🤡
nice. shares or calls or both? strikes and expirys?
No one gives a flying fuck about fucking futes
Give em the cheapest award
[deleted]
I’m not the one asking a bunch of degenerate shitposters to predict the future. I have a feeling my money is safer than yours.
Na I'm good. BA 300 eod tomorrow
Yes
who else dived into the wrong ARK? wtf is the difference between ARKK and ARKG
Yea, dual motor FSD
I thought this but then AMZN pinned 3200 while theta rekt me.
Same lol
Yeah no need to worry if you're not greedy.
Dec 29th big brain
This is the most awards I’ve ever seen on a post before...
Not close at all. I just fiddle around with simple models when I'm bored at work and usually 3m is where I can eek it out
Bulls are welcomed, bears are welcomed, pigs are welcomed. But posting gains only for you to jerk off and not posting loss for us to jerk off? GTFO.
AMD 100 tommorow??????
Government should pay people in stonks instead of money for the stimulus.. you get a few shares of NIO... you get a fractional Tesla share.. you get a SPY FD call expiring tomorrow 

*change my mind*
Not a bad movie plot. Even just an attempt would do it
better then the typically -100%+
What time does the market close tomorrow?
BABA calls yay or nay?
Ohhh yeah I remember seeming it on prime
Don't worry, our lord and savior Ryan Cohen will throw the switch and get things back on track.
Did you buy a cyber truck yet?
Are we green tomorrow
Oh hell yeah good luck
Make another baby.
Papa Karp looks like he would let you rail a fat gagger off his wang, those sideburns are sleazy AF
Pretty sure every short on earth is already shorting GME
My Jan puts would love for it to dump a bit more.
95% of the people I know getting a stimmy don’t actually need it.
The too high tweet actually sent it crashing. Puts printed BIGLY that day
Go Irish!
haven't seen that one yet
no
Glad I didn't fomo this. I sold for small profit at 30. Missed the ride up, don't think I could have stomached the downs from the top.
Tomorrow will be tax loss harvesting day, so will likely have sell side pressure.
because theta will annihilate you
All i am saying is the fbi are smarter than you think, in a hypothetical situation.
amazon/torrent
TSM grew my pp by 44% today.
Gotta play it on high IV
Starts tomorrow
Wow solid DD
LMAO!! What!? Why post this bold statement with no pics? As a bull, I’m all for a good bearish thesis. I’m all for bears putting money where their mouth is. Much respect for that. You are giving neither.
Just bought NET today so should moon, upside down.
Yeah but statute of limitations on reversing death declaration should expire before you rob the bank
I'm a millennial but whatever
Im 60k deep in ARKG feels good
TSLA hitting 700+ tmr?
Why wait? Post a screenshot now, pussy
definitely will add to my list. appreciate it
BA is my baby
I have long term leap calls. I feel a depression coming. Should I just cash out while I’m profitable. Wait for all the stocks to collapse?
I mean. Looking at the natural movement of it. You will print. You'll also print if you buy calls a few days after it goes down
not a bad thing at all
#BUY THIS MOTHER FUCKIN DIP, RETARDS! GME 🚀🚀🚀


&nbsp;


^-Definitely ^Warren ^Buffet
Serious answer is drip most of it into s&p 500 index fund and some other good looking ones while putting small amounts on stocks or options to learn how the market works and have some fun
nah then i would be down
Is Deepfuckingvalue giving free awards again?
I usually sell weeklies 7 days out. I make my trades on Fridays or sometimes on big red days I’ll roll. For example though I don’t mind holding AAPL long term so I’d usually sell at 0.25 deviation slightly OTM instead of ATM so I can just keep rolling them over and over.
16k shares calling in 💎 🙌 🚀 🚀 🚀 

Channel on it calls for coming back down to $18 or below, just wait for sales and that sweet ICR conference ya wankers
It's called insider trading
Save this post look at it tomorrow! And then look in the mirror you'll see who's the real dummy
very sus...

Positions or ban
Im happy with $100 EOY 2025
are you citron research?
Calls on Alabama - Roll Tide Roll

get rekt /u/makeosugreatagain63 - Sincerely, Dabo
🇬🇧🚬
🚀🚀🚀🚀
You’re vegan and you eat Chipotle bro?  My mans is really out here paying $9 for a bowl of rice.
PJ traders just can't tell what direction they wanna go. Sounds like a theta day tomorrow
GME fuck the shorts
I'd be much more comfortable if spy was down like .4%, this hanging on by a hair got me nervous  12/31 372c
Grab a dildo and go to town on your esshole

Boom roasted
AMD I believe in you please break $100, we all believe in youuuuuuu
2% is noise. Who cares?
Assholes? Here? 

Also, “do calls?” Can they get preg?
I dunno... he's risking 65k on this trade.
You new here?
He should post it into r/dividends

"once you get to 30/mo, know you've reached your target and maxed out. Don't get greedy and go to 35/mo"
etrade
Market closing early tomorrow due to Boeing stock Crashing for the 10th time.  

That is all.

BA $150.
futes hanging off an edge 🐻
Next time you’re in a situation like that you can just sell a call one strike below / above that call you have to lock in the profits. This won’t trigger any PDT
By Reddit. 

Because it's a wrong word that promotes wrong thinking.

I said it once and spent three days in Reddit jail being re-educated to not use wrong words or to think wrong.
ah the American economy
Not a loss till you sell...
Puts on TSLA post deliveries.
well not 50 times, maybe 30.
[deleted]
Keep 30% of your net worth in cash. If the stock market goes to shit buy the dip
Nice. I hope you lose your life savings. Apparently you don’t have a method, that’s all you had to say.
Covered calls are a "sell" - you Sell to Open a Call. I usually sell OTM calls. If the price stays below your strike, you can just let the options expire worthless (meaning you keep the premium and the shares). If the price goes above strike, you will lose your shares, and you will make the difference between the strike and your cost (assuming it's higher). You can also Buy to Close the call options if you don't want to lose your shares. Sometimes I'll do this if the options become really cheap "just in case".
If amcx could go ahead and squeeze, that would be amazing.
Do you know whether you can take two different vaccines using the same Ad backbone vector? One of the covid Ad vaccines in development uses the same adenovirus as the Ebola vaccine. If would suck to take a covid vaccine and then find out you can’t get the Ebola vaccine afterwards.
O' ye of little faith.
Sorry Mr. Wonderful but Mitch the bitch doesn’t think so
Buying puts on Tesla and then killing Elon is literally free money
actually i see a lot of rich bois here not gonna lie... also if they buy 800 calls for some 200 bucks or something expiring next week, can sell for may be 3-400 if tesla breaks 700 and runs to 720-30.
Once you rob the bank they will know you are alive
Pro tip: never ever ever use a stop loss. Stop loss is equivalent to selling the dip.

Instead line up buy orders below the price. The lower the price the bigger the buy. Then you will automatically buy the dip and if it’s a 7 layer dip then the 7th layer is the biggest buy.

Who am I kidding just yolo 100% of your net worth in 1 ticker and hold it forever.
Fuck off and just lose 60% of that like the rest of us.
Try and get your finger up her bunghole
[deleted]
I do not condone threat. Russia has no law protecting you scum.
My man
His family getting murdered on live TV by a guy named Rattler
About to buy in 11 hours
Lol watched this movie today & so accurate
Are you a time traveller from October?
Dutch Bros
Low volume on the thread tonight can only mean one thing. It’s gonna be green cockzillaz to spite everyone whose options are worth pennies
Ya I do. Where do I send?
Yeah you made an account just for this, what's your alt account and prove your position.
[removed]
Same but be happy $600 doesn't phase you. There was a point in my life where $600 would have seemed like a shit load
Baba recovering in HK
Yeah sluts sounds better
Straight up market cap is a stupid threshold, frankly.  Volume needs to be considered.

My best plays are below $1B in market cap.  I think I started posting about PRPL when it was $100-200M or so.
NIO
Haven’t eaten that since the first e-coli outbreak
nio
Don’t need to worry about that, it’s all out of me already.
That’s the good part about covered calls: Worst case scenario, you still make money but lose out on some extra profits.
Those are shitty premiums
Still holding these NET calls.
Lmfao pretty much yeah
BABA
10k for like the water pump alone maybe, and they lose their value because of maintenance costs, if those get eliminated I’m sure they’ll go up in value
Take out your penis and guide it towards the opening in between her legs. 

Slowly move in and out by thrusting your hips.
BABA
$FUBO
No mo gator no mo shrimp
[deleted]
The valuation seems a little high
Yeah that’s what I mean. Waiting to take profits for taxes
It’s at least 5 tendies, zombies, prop hunt, gunfight are fun it’s the first cod I’ve bought in years tho because I haven’t liked it for awhile
Apple has superior hardware, developers and a massive ecosystem. They launched ApokeTV around the same time as the new incarnation of Roku 2007-2008. They screwed it all up. AppleTV is stagnant and it’s interface is clunky. 

Anyway, Roku is #1 in viewers. AppleTV is not #2. Roku snagged HBOMAX. Game over. It’s all in the apps. Apple should’ve known that. Who wants to have more than one streaming device?

Yeah, they’re getting in the EV business now. Ha.
Wow! there's people in here that know math
I read that as "I'm a hoe"
whats your definition of "loaded"? Different perspective.
Ba-dum-ts

Can't believe you're getting downvoted for implying that women pee sitting down and men who do that are pussies. I bet the downvotes are from guys sitting down while reading your comment. Hopefully they wipe their pussies well.
How much of a cut?
Here we go... Dr PP enters the conversation
$SUCK
They’ll fuck you
Step 1. get declared dead.

Step 2. Rob a bank.

Step 3. get away with it because a dead man can't do crimes.

Step 4. Profit

Bruh society is just full of loop holes to infinite wealth.
Look up the sodium levels for chipotle meals..
You the one who's late bro. Lmao
Two pains in life, the pain of discipline (diamond hands) and the pain of disappointment (paper hands).
-Nick Saban
I have calls and just shitpostting faeyggutt

&#x200B;

was the .2% = 4% not obvious 🤡
puts on CMG paid out fabulously today for me ngl
Reading this while spraying the shidder, gl
Nothing beats IBKR imo.
With Hookers sometimes
So 3 big ass fireworks
I read that and even Cramer thought it was a good play. Bear Stearns I think it was. Right?
What's the next Luckin Coffee?
35+965
Offer her your $600 chrck
Fuk you
[removed]
Step 1: don’t call them bitches
$600 is $1.64 a day. That’s what you’re worth to our government
Pics or ban
Bye 🏳️‍🌈🐻
[deleted]
It’s important to remember that a single buyer is opening a large position but it’s coming from many sellers, it’s not one person dumping that amount on another single person.
[deleted]
r/thetagang
The one response he got from here said it all.
Baba was up like 6% in HK yesterday and everyone was frothing at the mouth (including me) and then she just straight did whatever she want when we opened over here. Not worried about HK
Okay supporter of men’s Olympic sports
Don't you put that evil on Papa Elon
You paltards believed the "professional trader" DD that it would be 40 EOY lol. Oh have the goalposts been moved.
Just throw it in VTI and forget about it if you wanna be safe.  Otherwise YOLO it all on QQQJ calls with about a 6 month expiry 🚀
Put your penis inside her penis
The more tendies you have the more that will go rotten if you don’t hide them in off shore tendie accounts set up as one time gifts for relatives that may or may not exist. The evil tendie tax man acts like the bad guy robins hoodie and tries to take tendies so he doesn’t have to work for them.
This is a confusing site
baba dumping?
You came to the right place. 

Our ability to perfectly predict the market is why you never see loss porn and we are all billionaires.

Jackass.
Palantir will one day be the meme stock of r/wsb and all you fucking loser naysayers will be crying because you were too late to hop on 

Fuck you

:(
What’s it at?  In usd
I have a couple hundred April calls for MT. Some Marches for Vale. OTM, yes. Lots of earnings sprinkled throughout Jan and Feb, lots of news coming out daily about countries (like china and India) preparing for rocketing steel/ore prices, and futures hitting ATHs regularly with no signs of slowing down.
two days
This do this. You can still invest just start small.
🚀
Bro just had a carne Asada steak chipotle burrito

My shits are gonna be slimy tomorrow.
Calls on E. Coli
Same day Cisco calls, expiration tomorrow. Become a millionaire or claim it as a tax deduction in 2021 when you file an itemized tax form.
Sorry comrade but did you say spend stimmy money on Reddit coins?
Pltr will literally triple ur money in few yeara
Geez just free platinum awards in here?
Trip and fall into pussy
Calls on Chipotle E.Coli version 19
Yes that’s the way
It’s not that hard lol otm .3-.4 delta 30-45 DTE or sooner
bold of you to assume some of these kids can afford TSLA premiums
You’re at the right place then retard. Buy anything gme and pltr and grow that money. If you loose everything just act like you never got any inheritance.🤷‍♂️
I strangle my wife from time to time
Ahead full
Whatever happened to that guy? I wonder if his stonks ever flew again
VALE calls
I'm up 60% in the last 3 months 😭 a fucking monkey could've made 40% returns after the year the nasdaq had
If Elon dies Tesla drops to 35
Username checks
[removed]
Username doesnt check out
They did they released a video of a $70,000 F150 all EV playing in the snow. 

Their stock is down 4% this month.....

Not much to worry there.
Ha - I sold $13 puts before earnings for some “free” money, because they got IV crushed so bad. Still, I was worried that week - is GME gonna get fucked to oblivion or actually bounce? Fortunately, it more than bounced.

I made some nice extra income by selling CCs on shares I own without any being called away. I’m thinking of selling some close to ATM puts, like $18.
[deleted]
Silver award ONLY. 🥈
Edit: what the fuck is this bullshit that means PLAT.
I learned this the hard way
1/6/21 it hits 30
I’m not here to pump GME but if you’re gunna solely base their value on the weekly chart then you’ve got a pretty shit argument. +22% past month, +600% since March/April lows, +200% YTD. Stock literally outperformed 99.9% of the market and every single major index. 

Lowest quality post I’ve seen today
TSLA
Are you seeing it real time?  I am on 15 min delay and still see -2%...
Ordered chipotle for my family and literally 5 minutes after eating it my stomach is in absolute shambles. Puts on my digestive system 🥴
This whole week has been
Right
Man I wish I could still get happy over 600 check
Want to fuck a bitch. How do I do it?
Throwing down for 6 TDOC 220C ‘23. I’ll see you in 2 years when I retire
Thank you for your service
I just spent $600 on some big ass fireworks
thats a good point, didn't think of that.
I’d love to sell naked puts, but that would mean having to buy and hold long term puts like some 🏳️‍🌈 🐻
BROH, WHY WONT YOU INVEST IN GME. WE'RE ABOUT TO TAKE OFF.
Poop dollar is better! Put some poop in a dollar and watch as someone picks it up. 

Or glue quarters to the floor cuz people will do a lot for a quarter
This, I was super honest about being a newbie with high risk tolerance, middle class income...and options were granted instantly.

TDA is big and can cover the losses from greenhorn degenerates (I assume lol)
How do you know what Kroner it is?  The exchange is different for all 3.
But don’t we all self identify as green or red on here already? 🤔
GME
Kiss me you beautiful autist
Bears are pussies
Just like Wolf of Wall Street. Someone make this a meme now please.
TSLA... delivery beat hype on monday.
Market cap gave it away.
I don’t get what people in here are looking at sometimes🤡
I’m sure they are available to be shipped / imported on eBay.

“Our auto do better than competitor.”

“Lifetime guarantee, do not contact eBay.”

“If car no start, look at car.”
This is the way
What ticker
Whos got a platinum or gold for ya boy 3500 shares @ $9.70
Yolo all on open market tomorrow #GME
heck why not
It’s almost like the rest of Reddit and CNN kowtow to the same people...
[deleted]
100%
nice! thanks!
Stimmy pending in the account for Monday.
if ur not a boomer and u wrote this....bro....
It does only take a monkey to know that GME is a terrible company with no future.
RETARD ARE NOT FUCKING SELLING, TO THE MOON WE GO.
Dobby is a free elf
I have been wanting to say it so bad on hear lately and shit take the ban but alas I have no testicles.
Oh god ..
Lmao
[deleted]
Doesn't XOM have like a 10% dividend though?
Buy 400k worth of PLTR and GME shares and use the 130k to buy weeklies.
demand leads to inflation as well as rising labor costs
It’s doing all of us
Petition to flock u/TroyThunderstrauden with downvotes every time he post his doomer fear porn here

Seriously check his post history dude is def a Chinese bot or just a fuckin loser, either way idc
On god, please just do super “in the money” options and okay your cards safe, I change a thousand to two thousand a week with super “itm” calls. playing like this gets less overall gain, but it’s because it’s way less risky!
PSTH. Might want to wait for a pullback to 26ish. SPAC play.
[deleted]
We all know the only reason why Dr Parik Patel follows this guy is so he can inverse the retarded 🌈🐻(different from regular 🌈🐻s).
Give is some time to settle, this could be the bottom but it could go lower. That spike was unprecedented and although it will get back there it will take a lot of consolidation after it finds it's new range. It's a great stock to hold through 2021 but if you're gonna yolo into it then wait for a better entry because calls are expensive.
What about from mushing genitals
I don’t understand what you are saying.
I’m in this picture and I don’t like it
NIO FCEL TSLA = more tendies than gay ass PLTR. Shit has barely moved in the last two weeks.
Alright go into a bathroom turn off the lights and say omnichannel 5 times
I was wondering where I should invest this 1000$ I got saved up and I saw that motley fool issued a rare triple buy alert. I’m going all in.
Believe it or not but I actually started with only 11k  in 2010.
Not true! I’m playing theta gang on pltr hoping that shit doesn’t gap down again tomorrow
i meant long hair with a beard.  I guess we think differently.
7 months ago, TSLA was around $700 pre-split. Then the "too high imo" tweet came and sent TSLA up to $1800.

Papa Elon, if you hear this prayer, we're close to that magical number again. Please do another tweet like that and send us back to $1800 again. 🙏🏼
You and any shares are welcome here
ouch. never knwo though might creep up 115 by end of next month. that would be good for everyone.
[removed]
 At today's closing price, Romeo has EV/2023E Revenue of 4.18. Dirt cheap in this sector for a company that already has $544 million in CONTRACTED revenue and a blue chip customer base. Not to mention Romeo actually has a commercialised, revenue generating product unlike most others in this sector.
Super high leverage and volitality, hard pass for me
Gonna be the new big tobacco essentially when they legalize marijuana on a federal level in the US?
*crocodiles and roaches have entered the chat
What’s Tesla doing in 2021?
I know a few roku users, they all switched to apple tv 😂
Put a plug in
don’t wanna be some serious investor who sits hours a day making “safe “ plays , no thrill in that
Want to do YOLO’s cause they go to the moon
12/31 TSLA 1050c

I FUCKIN DARE YOU

protip: do not do this.
AAPL
420 shares at 13.67 sell order set for 42.20 🚀🥜
one of us
\-10% for me, but guess what: I'M NOT FUCKING SELLING.
Emoji emoji emoji !!!
Why would you help a Tard like me ?
So i sue them for descrimination against my kind

win.

get descriminated when trying to cash the check.

Sue again and win.

Infinite tendys.
GUH
Snitches get stitches tho
Glad I could be of service.
Cool story bro
*Adapt or die. The dinosaurs didn't adapt and now you don't see them anymore.*

Nick Saban 🐐
Oh you high, high
but TSLA has delivery numbers coming out on monday. AAPL has mega earnings in a month and it already sold off from 138. AMZN is still at its july level... so the sell off might not be that big.
[deleted]
bro if u like that read the power of the dog books by don winslow. it's an epic series inspired by that event and others...it's super sick bro....it rules...like the LOTR of mexican drug cartel fiction
Futures lookin gay
It's not even trading at current quarterly cash flow and they're about to free up more cash  flow by closing redundant stores. Are you fully retarded?
This is the way
only DD you need
Technically they and us are in the same time plane
About to buy 100 $40 Jan 22 GME calls tomorrow
I think we're well established nobody cares if Irish people die.
The only people that got rich besides a few miners were the people selling them the shovel.
Is the new COD worth the tendies?
Shit man, time flies.
Another 🌈🐻 who YOLO’d and is about to die.  RIP, buddy.  We salute you.
[removed]
[removed]
Anybody play around with strangles?
I wonder if anyone is hiring Green Dildos
I get Leaps so that once I'm deep ITM I don't have to babysit, and can start researching into other potential plays...while still raking in cash. 

Unless you've got some immediate expenses to take care or think a significant dip or change in the market is coming, then no need to cashout.
Your old bank probs gonna keep it
Bought MRO at $5 best decision ever.
Isn't the engine somewhere around $10k to replace?  and 7 series lose like 80% of their value in 5 years, so 20k car.
I like how some retard posted about goalposts moving on this sub and didn’t get any likes so he decided to post it over on r/investing. It’s like a top 3 post over there.
Thick women are the best bro.  Nothing like a hot home cooked meal after pounding those guts.  These vegan bitches could never.
What the fuck this is about to be the most awarded post on Reddit that’s how retarded you all are
Operation Odessa is good too
Thats Austria. Please dont confuse us with those Fraudulently poser Posh rednecks.
Anyone who's ever used baidu will know they're pretty shitty. A few years ago their sponsored search results sent a Chinese college student to a sus hospital where his surgery was botched and he died. 


But this is indeed an opportunity for baidu. Godspeed retards
Either and or. Know a decent amount of people who made it big in the oilfield in west Texas. The kids that get born into though seem to be enjoying it 🤷🏽
One minute of silence for the counterpart that has been wrecked by this trade
How big is ur portfolio? Sounds like you are close to 3.
In general.
Wow. He shouldn’t take offense. Most bald old men look like penises or thumbs.
These funds have inflows and outflows daily. They need to be constantly buying and selling shares. If you look at almost every day this month, they have been buying PLTR. Paper hands sold ARK when it dropped the last couple of days.
What’s it on
You could buy a literal military branch of good, *good* hookers for that money.
Imagine being one of the millions who believe the stock market is too risky while their cash loses value every day.
I think its a spoof on Richard Fuld. According to Wikipedia via Forbes he is top 25 most responsible for 2008 financial crisis.
mention AA on any college campus outside of the bible belt and you’ll get suspended
Coronavirus digest: Ireland warns new variant 'surpasses the most pessimistic models'

[https://www.dw.com/en/coronavirus-digest-ireland-warns-new-variant-surpasses-the-most-pessimistic-models/a-56089936](https://www.dw.com/en/coronavirus-digest-ireland-warns-new-variant-surpasses-the-most-pessimistic-models/a-56089936)

Bullish
Fuck dude, you gotta get that evil off me 😣
[removed]
GME 🚀 = 🐻🌈is kil
Baba recovering bigly in HK and people still posting “ITS DUMPING” in the thread 🥸
What if the farts never stop?
anyone else excited about 3 terra-watt energy plants?
[removed]
Say less
Obvi GME wtf
Download the TD Ameritrade app and use that until you figure out TOS. I still use both. I prefer TOS for trading but like the TD app for checking positions and my watchlist.
[deleted]
dont think, just do
Bull.
I see your issue. Notice your username is yo-yo but should be oyoy - conclusion you need to inverse
lmaoooo
Race=profit got it
Don't feel bad. In August AAPL was pumped and I knew the next iphone was coming out so I bought a nice wad of shares. Turns out that was the peak. Two months of losses later I decide to sell my shares and buy some puts during another small pump to minimize the loss and turn them back into profit and AAPL shot back up past the ceiling from two months before.
I feel that I’m
Assuming it’s green tommorow and not red
we rich bitch
No take backs only diamond hands. I hope you can only get your packs from GameStop and they all turn up MagiKarp.
They don’t allow pronouns which is enough for me to say fuck them hoes!!
the last narc is probably one of the best docs I've seen. It's been a while since I said holy shit after watching a doc
Selling puts on it like a fiend. The premiums are insane
You're beautiful
Go back to Europe you land stealer
Not to be a jerk, but do it if she still stays with you after she loses weight
Okay man, best of luck. I'm only up 45% this year after riding the crash so, you probably know best.
How do we make 10m? Just options?
I changed banks. My stimmy is comin in late 😔
You're right, I should take out another loan
You're looking at now, sir. Everything that happens now is happening now. Lord Dark Helmet: Go back to then
Let's sell these fucking portfolios, load up on $GME and blast the fuck off 🚀🚀🚀
Fucck that
Shut the fuck up
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SD7sw0bf1ms&feature=youtu.be](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SD7sw0bf1ms&feature=youtu.be) from another comment up there
Were meant to say Wrong in trump's voice in our heads right?
So hypothetically your set for life. Bro get the hell out of the sub. I would not want you to lose money cause of us
Jan 100 but then rolled it all into 115 and then Arkg dropped 10%
chlamydia in the throat is more common than you’d think
Love this guy
$INTC
You seem nervous bro
We’re on the same page dude...we’re seeing the same thing 😀
as long as wsb is rooting for it, shorts will keep attacking it.

&#x200B;

we should inverse ourselves and make DASH our next meme. (without actually buying DASH)
Or at least post market options
Yes
No, just a retard
This is the way
Market on close
[deleted]
If I get to 3 I should be able to quit and be ok for a long while if I'm fed up. 

5 I probably work another year and get used to running my portfolio for mostly income


10 I'm ✌️✌️ boss been fun.
My dumbass got banned the first day I was on here. Just got released a few days ago
What do you guys think about opendoor ?
Ive always wanted one of those vans thats made into like a rolling apartment.
Herpes
can i have a platty i lost all my money this year 🥺🥺
Correct.  It ends at open on Monday AM.
I mean, maybe we should buy JC Penny’s.  Outright.
I sold both on GME. What is sleep?
Great ticker at least.

If it can stay around this price through the end of January/early Feb, this thing could pop. Break above $48 and it's gone.
Yeah it's so weird when people who are under 30 who have the money to invest act like they have some below average risk tolerance...

Protip to these guys, the strategy of picking absolutely random small stocks historically beats most actual traders easily over long term. If one goes bust, or if there's a crash, who fuckin cares, you aren't retiring for 25 years best case scenario, and probably more like 35. All you need is to hit the big one once over a huge time interval. That does not even account for "actually doing research" or "thinking".
i honestly think RIOT is the safest play tomorrow and i say that to genuinely help you guys out
-8% and I bet you still found a way to lose your money on puts 🤣
Can I has an award?
Wats moc order?
But actually tho, GME prospects are terrible it's already overpriced as-is. Markets are always somewhat inefficient and clearly enough retards can create a bubble in value (especially when the stock is already so heavily shorted) but eventually the price will come down and get back to fundamentals. People arguing for a short squeeze to $100 seem out of their mind.
You knew what you were doing when you entered the call. Those restrictions aren’t dictated by Robinhood. Use another brokerage in the meantime?
I’d rather have it mooning like it is instead of popular, the fuck?
I hope to one day make enough on a trade that I can donate 107k to children in need, damn
I can’t seem to figure out why everyone is pumping this in particular, there’s many much better meme stocks out there in my opinion, cough cough PLTR. 
But I will never doubt the power of thousands of retards. GME to some asteroid way out there 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
God I love this place🤣
😚
Lmao you’re a nut job
100 rewards in under an hour? Degenerates.
Thank you. I’ve got lots of time on my hands. 

You don’t need to get your panties in a bunch just because you don’t understand spac’s, trends or valuations. Just don’t buy it. 

And bro, your penis envy is weak. You should look into that. 

I’m balls deep and I literally will be surprised if it’s not at $200 within 5 and I’m almost never wrong. 

Peace out lil homie
It's a sign
Yes. And no its not. Girls are more prone to STDs in general tho
You lying, desperate little bitch. I hope you choke on your puts.
Why is it ending on monday? it should end tomorrow no? technically monday the selling should start...
BABA dip more so I can buy
Depends on the life “we” need.... 10 mil is my goal tho
What a way to end the year
[removed]
I wish we could vaccinate people from the effects of twitter
If you put in some actual effort and read through the posts on this sub I have no doubt you can grow it to $0 by next year
Wow you’re the first retard to suggest this to me congrats....
If they only worked so hard on their diet 🤔
Shit in the threads?
Congrats u fucking SOB. But some gme retard
You could always pull a ugly chick move in school and gift yourself...
I’ll be honest part of me is here for solid advice/thoughts from the community and the other half wants to yolo after seeing some of these peoples gains.
Only up 50% on options and 30% on stocks :((((
i’m in 🚀🚀
Okay.
Hey you just reminded me to ask - is the market open tomorrow?
“Over a year”... Yeah okay, a year and one day
[removed]
HAIL, ESPO, WCLD,  BATT, EDOC, EDUT, MOON, QQQJ
I thought you meant directly through their consoles
I have a cosmic gift for buying calls at the absolute worst times. Don't think a single call has worked out for me since April.
you're a fucking moron🤣🤣🤣 you just compared rotten apples to one of those most in demand commodities on the fucking planet 😭 I'm done with you bro have a good night
I'd love it lol
Same idea was floated with Sears a few years ago
Okay they are the future but we are watching them in the future. In the present? I think that’s right. Still, if can’t go tits up
Depends if you’re born rich then you’re just a fish in water
I love all the naysayers regarding the breakup. Will the stock price take a hit if it is broken up? Yes. Will it ultimately yield more wealth for investors? Also yes. Look at what standard oil became [here](https://images.app.goo.gl/XYnHvQKuXTWMMZMP8). Long story short, buy shares after they get hammered in any FTC proceedings, then retire off that shit when ten years later it has mooned. TLDR: sometimes the parts can be greater than the whole.
[deleted]
Nah. It's because it's kinda shit.
Biden ain’t getting in lol
Sir, that hair IS your dick
It'll take more than matching tesla stat for stat. Tesla's brand is so well established now and it's largely due to the fact that their cars are fucking awesome in ways the other manufacturers have yet to touch. Yes they have some glaring deficiencies but owners don't seem to care since everything else makes up for it. We love ours. My wife couldn't care less about cars and she talks about it all the time. They're just awesome. They need to keep up that advantage going forward but I'm bullish.
[deleted]
Ban
Fuck u it’s plays for only the biggest brains
Almost time for DOCU calls. Buy at 220-222 one month out. 230c.
the stock market is like the roaring 20s and outside is like the great depression.
[deleted]
step 1. make yourself blue, red, or green.

Step 2. Get classified as a new race.

Step 3. Find an affirmative action state

Step 4. Infinite jobs because you are the only one of your race

Step 5. profit

Did I just invent an infinite tendy machine without even trading?
So it randomly ripped today?
I have none in this soil
[removed]
When you get that Guh moment.

https://youtu.be/HWJmVAQJK58
Always worth a try, but don't expect to change someone's  nature.
Is that 90% before or after joining wsb?
bro see you in the ER
What do you look like
Someone also sold that amount.  Why do people always assume the buyer is smart.  Just maybe the seller may be smart sometimes.
I will give you an award after I realize my all in GME position 🚀
[deleted]
Wrong sub if you’re looking for serious advice. 
If you want wsb advice, buy gme or pltr 1/8 calls.
Just open TD ameritrade account.
GUH
Do people really get STDs from head? Seems hella rare
Have the volume on threads been low because PLTR ruined a bunch of accounts? Or is it because of the holidays?
What’s it like being an intern at Melvin Capital?
Just love and an open mind buddy
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/neverfall4that the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
TFW you have no idea what you are seeing but still invest. Bravo, you made it home to wsb.
Yeah. I kinda figured after I posted that. 🤦‍♂️
[deleted]
TRON
technically they’re in the future..
pho
[removed]
I used to but had to stop since I never got shit done
Anyone else put Nair Sensitive Formula on their dick to get rid of the hair?
is that wors banned or something
Look, man, if you decided you wanted to go into the rotten apple business, it would be very easy to capture 10% of the rotten apple market because rotten apples are not profitable.

If tomorrow, rotten apples became profitable, then it would not be easy to maintain your 10% market share. Especially if the company next door, which is a 5B$ ripe apple company, decides to get into the rotten apple business.

You have slurped up MP press releases and accepted them as fact. Again, I hope it does well for you, but I think it's just the prom queen today and will be working at McDonald's tomorrow.

I mean, really, why do you think they have no competition right now for this 100B business? They are askjeeves, first to the game, but that doesn't mean shit in the long run.
I just need ur motha
You don’t have better options... so...yea
Ya'll are forgetting the BIG one though which is the cutoff for gains being long term. I'd assume a lot of people sold off during the crash in march and then bought back in HARD near the bottom. The shit that they bought during the bottom won't become a long term gain until late march 2021, and who bought in march have made *serious* gains. If there's going to be a massive selloff it will probably be once everyones purchases from this march turn into long term capital gains.
and I'm done arguing with you this is like trying to explain something to a dog.
what do you mean by "information edge"? Lol...
No :)
Break even is 101.5 without me going into RH and confirming, I think it’ll be more than that.
[deleted]
[deleted]
What fucking idiot wasted money giving this gold? You could have used that to buy a call that will expire worthless or paid for you lunch?
Awards 🚀🚀🚀🚀
This is a short squeeze

You need to buy shares to take it away from the pool
Buy the dip, f-----.
Great DD
Me, yesterday
NIO
Check out [Webull](https://freewebullstocks.com)
[deleted]
How much do we need for retirement? 10m?
I’m thinking 690,420 deliveries this year blowing all expectations out of the water
Shh That’s why it’s mooning
You got it backwards, they get a small percentage per rental through the GameStop
Marketplace.
SEARS
Being srs most millionaires that I know aren’t the most joyous ppl. Maybe they just living wrong.
Good luck. Even if you get assigned, you can try to sell covered calls.
Great work bud. Keep an eye on them for the night and we’ll reconstruct our plan in the morning.
Hahahahaah yea good point lol. I’ll try that in 2 days
Yeah, I get their emails also. I'm always looking for new PLTR activity. It's total bullshit. Dipshit must be the 🌈🐻 with 120k in jan 15 puts. He's getting desperate.
that's the stupidest comparison I've ever seen.  This comparison could work if you compared Nikola vs tesla, as nikola hasn't made a product in that field yet, toyota has done EVs and they already have driver assist features. Nikola has an idea, but hasn't done shit yet, just like this company you bring up hasn't done shit yet in this field.
That’s what you get for using kindergarten trading app
before i google it for you, what turned up when you searched it?
for canadians... for US its 31st... [https://investingnews.com/daily/resource-investing/mark-these-tax-loss-selling-dates-on-your-calendar/](https://investingnews.com/daily/resource-investing/mark-these-tax-loss-selling-dates-on-your-calendar/)
I wish i was but im not even surprised at this shit
This is not even in the top half of most useless comment in this thread which is very telling.
TD Ameritrade / Thinkorswim
Confirmed stolen
[deleted]
So your asshole got destroyed
You need to buy shares ...
baba guh
He'll be alright. He's a big boy
Good idea
Wut?
Oh wow I also lost $700 on a PLTR call on one of my first ever option plays. Cheers 🍻
Yeah it’s a long term investment with little risk. What’s her height/weight?

Offer to work out with her.

If that doesn’t work then casually mention if she’s ever considered surgery.
[deleted]
End of 2021 so over a year.. you think we won’t go up at all for a whole year
As long as you’re not a dick about it
N+1
Back in September.
Getting chubby thinking of these tsla 715 1/8s
Awards won't take you to the moon but stonks will 🚀🚀🚀
In math they taught us to use the 1/ function
PLTR
Lambos are obnoxious and juvenile. Most people who drive them are fake flexing, that shit’s rented.
for you and me its Friend, dogeball40
Lol just having a giggle mate relax
Started doing OTM spreads. Ya, it’s crazy, but I don’t have to learn what theta is.
VIPS is a winner dude and probably my number one performer of the year is BILi but is has been absolutely ripping this week. Maybe let it cool some but it never cools just rips.
There’s gotta be a catch right?
I can't read but I think it means they are retarded.
100 easy maybe way higher
if they have liability for what people say on their platform, they may end up censoring more
You mean in this thread? Cause NIO was moving today
Fuck you, Melvin
The way EDP curses is art
They’re hungry and grateful
Meegan. You forgot your jacket.
I have a 12/31 22C does that make me even more desirable?
Are you buying based on this or is it too speculative to trade on.
big PP energy
Just watch how Share price of MT, VALE, CLF, STLD, and other steel producers do during January. This is a short term trade that should manifest itself during Q1.
25 until all the calls expire worthless
It's 'easy' if the stock you pick goes up 15x while you're holding haha. If you want to do this, here is what it looks like with PLTR. Currently 25.10/share if you want to buy the option to buy PLTR at anytime between now and Jan 2022 for $30 it will cost you $7.85 per share.

https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/PLTR/options?date=1642723200

So if you buy 3 contracts (300 shares) it will cost you $2355. This means you need PTLR to go to $37.85/share before you make money. In the meantime your option could go up in value, and you can always sell your option rather than buy 300 shares of PTLR for $9,000.

Now if by Jan 2022 PLTR goes to $100/share you are up (100-37.85 = 62.15) a share for 300 shares (300*62.15= $18,645) on a $3,000 bet.

Hope this makes sense.
Is it tho!? Is it?
Alright guys, I’ve found a hack we just mirror the HK exchange since technically we are in the future and they are in the past. This is my DD.
Noice.
[deleted]
[removed]
No problem homes. It’s nice to see a non retarded question for a change
Bought 3K in 0DTE AMZN and FB calls so most likely
I have June ‘21 calls. Looking solid
Firstrade is a solid bet and they are doing a promotion for 3 free stocks and a chance to win the new iPhone when you fund your account for $100.
Overheard hotel workers earlier today asking each other if they got their $600 yet. Some said yes, others didn’t know about it.
This relates on so many deeply emotional levels. The dollar symbolizes my money, my dad, my wife, my... yeah.
Y'all arguing about it wasn't a country in 1800's we should be telling guy to spend his $1 on tulips
They’ll eat anything
Holy shit. Calm down Chad Dickens.


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
More from Google:

Swedish Peasant Girl Reanimates Dead Tissue – Film At 11

courtesy of 20th Century Fox

You see, a few short weeks ago, coming from a background, believe me, as conservative and traditionally grounded in scientific fact as any of you, I began an experiment in, incredulous as it may sound ... the reanimation of dead tissue … Please! Remain in your seats, I beg you. We are not children here; I assure you there is nothing to fear. It’s more like a family hobby really. Believe it or not, this lair is also where my great-grandfather, the infamous Dr. Froderick Von Hookerstein tried to resurrect four ungrateful beatniks to toil mercilessly in his Beret Factory before it burned in the 1906 earthquake, but that’s another story …

It didn’t work out for my great-grand pappy; he was a very sick man. Okay, I give up I’m not here for nostalgia. I'll say it. DESTINY! DESTINY! No escaping that for me! Destiny! Destiny … Des-ti-nuh … From that fateful day when stinking bits of slime first crawled from the sea and shouted to the cold stars, "I am man," our greatest dread has always been the knowledge of our mortality. But tonight, we shall hurl the gauntlet of science into the frightful face of death itself. Tonight, we shall ascend into the heavens. We shall mock the earthquake. We shall command the thunders, and penetrate into the very womb of impervious nature herself …* 

Tonight, we will uncover the prize jewel of this entire slimy UCSF brain collection and transplant it into the head of Poppa H!!! I’m not talking about the brain of Jerry Garcia or even Don Johnson, I’m talking about the preserved brain of one of my cinematic heroes, the late, great bug-eyed Marty Feldman. As for how I short-circuited my current brain, it rhymes with “strangel dust”… Just say no kids … But good thing I brought my lurking hunchback and busty Swedish lab assistant with me to help me with all these buttons and levers. Sure Igor’s good but have I mentioned Inga’s on top of her game? She’s been assisting my brains out* all night.  While she’s doing her very best, it occurs to me, I should probably drop this week’s tip for cinematic salvation on you now, before I shock my brain with 1.21 gigawatts of electric moonshine.

🤔
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/xmaiisoakao the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
You don’t
patience. just buy the next time it dips ~8-10% from its most recent ATH
[removed]
F is the ticker for Ford
[deleted]
Name me ONE SPAC that traded below $9 pre merger when NAV is $10.

Just name ONE and I will delete my post
Thiel’s fund, Mithril is buying more PLTR shares so he needs to get government approval to make sure he’s not breaking any antitrust laws. He got an approval to buy a shit ton of shares.
Gme about to power up my rewards
What are all your pt of palantir end of 2021?
Imho= in my horrible opinion?
We trade options to get rich, we want to get rich so we can get butt implants.
So this account just created to spread fear porn or?
Twitter vaccine talks going well💯👍🏻
I can only imagine his monthly income if he sold covered calls lol
[deleted]
They held Pltr was .8% of ARKW on 11/25/2020 now it's down to .61% that's .2% decrease in there holding I'm not a bear I love PLTR and will get calls when it drops I'm just here to inform
Market closing at 5 tmrw bc 2020
Gme gang
He grew up so fast
Erryday you
So this account just created to spread fear porn or?
It might hit, but unlikely to get through your break even.
Wow look at the Mayo monkey talking. What are you gonna do snitch on me to your mom. I bet your mother preaches live laugh love while you eat Rice Krispies you white cracker bread
That obstacle ends on Monday....  Combined with the Georgia run-off election, next week is going to be brutal.
The PLTR train is leaving the station to the moon and we’re at capacity.
Fucking hear that brother.
I don't know why there would be any confusion. A quick Google would tell you its Dec 31st (trade date) unless its a short sale. Per IRS Instructions for Form 8949: "Use the trade date for stocks and bonds traded on an exchange or over-the-counter market. For a short sale, enter the date you delivered the property to the broker or lender to close the short sale. If you received a Form 1099-B (or substitute statement), box 1c may help you determine when you sold or disposed of the property."
Nvm found it. Daaaammnnn
Yeah it's bad
You should try and get banned again and get one
that's why I said lazy lol

what excites me the most is your 3rd point. genius business model, companies will give them free content for the Roku Channel in order to be on their platform.
$MT gang let’s push $24 tomorrow
Gives it a bit of nutty flavor.  What happens if you have no pubes though?
JAN 2022 300c

Not concerned even a little bit 🚀
I got restricted from buying anything on RH because I went over my "day trade limit" and went into a day trade call. I put money in for the day trade call but apparently you still need to wait like 2 days before placing any more day trades and since I had a weekly AMZN option worth 16k that was up $3500 I literally HAD to sell it and restrict myself for 90 days. If I wouldn't have sold that AMZN option I would have been down like 10k on it. So stupid that I can have an acct balance of like 50k and still get fucked over doing whatever the fuck I want to do with my own money.
[removed]
People on this post fancy as fuck with all these awards GME🚀
Or taking profits after for tax reasons
Do the opposite? I'm no 🌈🐻 doc
Ah yes, you like money
That guys a weirdo. Fake doctor imo
[deleted]
What's the date? I just browsed the original offering, but it's too dense.
You too bitch
Idk about that but fat Chicks give the best head
F is for friends who do stuff together
ok
Absolutely
Weed, electrolyte water, and TSLA calls
Dec 29th is the last day for 2020 capital gains you retard...
TOS live news has a notice of unusual options activity for PLTR from Tuesday. It's 416x 27p for 1-15-21. Those are currently sitting at about 3.00. So some 🌈🐻 has about 120k on this and I wouldn't be surprised if it's a wsb hometown asshole.
*WONDERFUL* best of luck in the new year my friend 🌖🚀
Is this Dom Mazzetis long lost brother?
[removed]
VIX is up .2%

This means Spy -4% tomorrow imho
NIO is not the popular kid anymore I guess
Quick, someone go fuck Mitch’s wife to assert big dick dominance!
Only solid fucking 💎🤲🏽baked in the deepest depths of the fucking earth here 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
They are getting fucked lol. Trask with the 3 interceptions in the first quarter 🤡
Talk politics
Watching BABA tumble in Asia 

> Tsk, He’s fast!
RH gave me ZNGA as a free stonk and to date it is among my highest earning plays in absolute dollar terms (~$6)
Bro QQQJ leaps are looking like free money
Ugly girls with big teeth?
Been doing this. No way it goes down completely. It either goes bankrupt and gets bought by retards, gets bought by someone else and goes up, or reopening allows it to become profitable again. 

9x 2/19 2.5p covered puts out so far
what is the f word
[deleted]
Not unless you put damn mask on.
“It’s like when you’ve lost so much money in blackjack the only thing you can do is just keep playing” - Peggy Hill
TBH I don't think anyone cares about it anymore. And not a bad way - I'm just saying time goes on and people forget about it.

Yes, when these insane things happen they are entertaining. But at the end of the day people are people. We move on and forget about them until they're occasionally mentioned and the people who suffered those big losses are still probably paying them off to this day and likely will until the day they die if legal action has been brought against them. And I doubt those people actually want to hang out on a sub full of almost 2 million people who know they did something very stupid.

I mean, yeah it's funny - but it's also really fucking sad because a lot of people end up completely ruining their lives and nobody actually even cares that it happens. I've been wanting to make a post about that for the past few days, but I just haven't had the time.
Bullshit and illogical post.
No you shut up snow roach damn. Stupid ass neck beard
FUNNY
Get out of this fucktard else u r doomed or take some off
[removed]
Who's dick you gotta suck to get pre IPO shares
Hottie
Phone app
Agreed. I bought on a whim. Down 24% but shares, luckily. Will dump soon.
Live nation puts? Ticket master plead guilty to some shit
thanks, i have been learning towards etrade because they seem like they will give me money for opening an account and 'funding' it (i hope that means with stock transfer?) which i can then put into an index fund and forget about for another 5 years.
Now that it has been 25+ minutes, yeah I completely made that up. Hopefully it made at least 1 person shit themselves
[deleted]
Never heard of the two others. Cool
I feel like fat chicks always want to eat ass
If I can’t get tendies quick, I don’t want them! 😤
Is it before 1/15...it would be really awesome if it was before 1/15
BET HOMIE. BET!
I don't see TSLA, AAPL, AMZN selling off much tomorrow. Since they went up super high, profit taking means tax man steals your tendies.
Silver as the money needs to be printed, which causes inflation.
It’s okay I’ll bring my helmet
[removed]
you're pathetic 😂 lost the argument? Nice down votes you got there

Look up C I I .c and T h c b, DD from u/computerTE1996
She do be all woman tho 👀
oh shit, yall fucked when my order executes tomorrow...
[deleted]
Do it. FUCk her and buy calls
You need money bro?
This is like saying Toyota isn't a Tesla competitor because they don't make self-driving EVs. If anything these companies will be at an advantage because they are insulated from price fluctuations that China can exert by dumping.
[removed]
Always has been.
Pfizer p looking good tho
Free GatorMD
Elon said that the panel gaps will be so perfect that if you measured it and it turns out to be out of spec, your ruler needs to be calibrated. 🤣
Bring him a water bottle after he is done with your wife
[deleted]
Link? I can't find the website where it's trading in HK
I see that Cathie is still buying up TAK 👀
...for a loss
Desktop or phone app?
BABAY
[deleted]
Not even that in a lot of 401k brokerage link accounts. Mutual funds only for many of them. Any meme mutual funds??
🌈🐻 what’re your New Years plans? 

Just butt chugging boxed wine all night I’d assume?
[deleted]
Mitch had a spell cast on him that turned him into a turtle but turtle-kind hated him so much they learned witchcraft to try and change him back into a human so they didn't have to deal with him anymore and his current form is how far they got and said "Good enough."
Houston we’re on a moon mission
Thanks, I was really fucking wondering what was going on
For Your Fucking Information, Bitch
Fuckery
From Google:


Dr. Frederick Frankenstein : [dreaming]  I am not a Frankenstein. I'm a Fronkensteen. Don't give me that. I don't believe in fate. And I won't say it.


[pauses] 


Dr. Frederick Frankenstein : All right, you win. You win. I give. I'll say it. I'll say it. I'll say it. DESTINY! DESTINY! NO ESCAPING THAT FOR ME! DESTINY! DESTINY! NO ESCAPING THAT FOR ME!
Gtfo of Duluth in the winter bro
My brokerage must think I'm retarded when I'm talking to them through chat and they're dealing with username CrispTendies101
Actually not bad advice.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Columbine
it wasn't from coal mining, my mistake it was from their main business of chemicals. But it wasn't from rees.
[deleted]
More money more problems IS A LIE

That’s what (((they))) want you to think
BABA today didn't go up as much as yesterday's BABA HK so maybe BABA HK today is just catching up and BABA can go any direction in the morning
Fuck you
Hey I have a suggestion, stop using RobinHood.
[removed]
320 EOY LOL
Fomo yolo NIO
Shitty as all shit all
[deleted]
I dunno if this is your own site that you're secretly promoting, but if it is, I love it. Very clean. Here's my only piece of advice regarding insider purchases and sales:

*“Insiders might sell their shares for any number of reasons, but they buy them for only one: they think the price will rise.”* - Peter Lynch
Crsr
Commas and periods ban
Fair enough
Bro just retire already and draw 4% a year. Also fuck you and congrats man
bidu, bilibili, qudian
CRSR 50c 05/21
Be glad you have more time to focus on stonks!
QQQJ OTM calls look cheap.
Hi Michael I was dumped just over a year ago and I can tell you that it doesn’t get easier and you’ll always regret not doing more to save the relationship. Have fun!
They sold 7316 shares, which totals 182k usd worth. Thats nothing. They hold over 1.3m shares
i’ll have a baked potato and some chili
You don’t know who would qualify a priori so you put the price tag at maximum. The unused money is then given back to be re appropriated. (Similar things happening with funds given to Fed for Main Street programs, uptake/qualifying much lower than potentially eligible)
Thanks for the awards
I got banned and I don’t got one
Margin is 2.5 you re re
TL;DR: 

Motherfucker isn’t in GME. 

Ni99a can take up all remaining shares available...but nah.


Happy early new year, fuck you, fuck your plays, and most importantly may they fucking bring you tendies.
F word
[deleted]
He would
No he won’t he’s been dead, do as you please fellow retard
What ever this next year holds. Thank you all for the ups and literally downs (portfolio) I've had with you all. May we all live in Valhalla and eat many tendies basking in the success of our FDs
> how many women are standing up at home

Only the ones currently making sandwiches, if they know what's good for them
You should by virtue of the fact that they're shit.
Seems like ammo is a better investment than the S&P 500. 

S&P YTD: +15%

9mm Federal HST: +350%
Does anyone else check their stocks and reddit 50x a day or just me 🥵
She kills bears
Seriously though, the hell is up with these GME awards all of a sudden?
I do agree tariffs are not driving pricing currently. but they did set a standard. removing them will be adding padding to the brakes. 

Just depends on what Biden does and how quickly steel manufacturing picks up. reason my put is well past 100 days out after Biden becomes president. Also I don't have much betting against it.
Wow I want a reward
peak retardation. i think your post actually gave me downs
thanks
Think or swim is too complex for my smooth brain
Okie they sold 7K shares my bad. 😅
I feel this
[deleted]
[deleted]
You get platinum, you get platinum, everyone gets platinum!
ARKG 99c 1/15 🥂🚀
The short seller report that came out today rekt FUBO, pretty much had a reason for every reason going against the Bull report that came out a week ago
It was a joke....
I don’t have a hard dick because of green market I just wake up like that. If the markets red I do the same routine but with twice the anxiety
Which ones in particular
What is that
When you sell ATM CCs, are you looking at selling: weeklies? monthlies? leaps? What gives the fattest premiums for you?
guh
Nice. Need pltr to close above 26 so I don’t get assigned a bunch of shares from sold puts.
Seriously? Put these tendies to use! GME 🚀
[deleted]
40 is the new 70
Can confirm.

Went to Iraq in June, 2003. Left Afghanistan in March, 2016.

I can hold my 15K shares standing on my head while you play Taylor Swift at 11 until the annual shareholders meeting, if necessary.
You could buy 3 shares of OKE for that amount. Around $100.
You don’t know how to spell imbecile yet u r calling other ppl that.
There's too many of us
[deleted]
He belongs here
Say the f word
I’m a retard. Give me award.
Full day, bond market closes early
[removed]
Tomorrow at 930 is a new chance to find out if I'm a HVM or am fukt
Is it just me or has no one gotten the flu this year????
Thank for saying it so I didn’t have to
I added a bunch of quick calls today. My eyes are on it tomorrow. The chart is looking perfect.
Use as leverage to buy a business / get a franchise of some sort that i dont have to babysit that much

reinvest half of the 130 with the 400 and sit on all the long term gains. Take the other half and learn how to trade with it and not be a moron when doing so.
big brain going public just to go private
Just do "k"

Worse yet 👌or 👍
[removed]
Menudo
Ban this Ber
Get banned
Wtf is an award
selling CC's or are  you dumb?
[deleted]
so many nice 100k bmws with fucked engines out there
good luck
I see a lot of girls that look like AOC but it appears they're avoiding pornography for SOME reason
What about when the market's green
[deleted]
Basically. Buy shares. Sell options to the other retards in here. Profit.
[deleted]
Hypothetically, great great grandpa is going to haunt the shit out of you when you lose his Great Depression money in a month because you have no idea what you’re doing
yeah.. it’s crazy how relaxing trading shares is
U want to die?
BABA GUH
I have some calls.  If cathie wood fw it then it’s gonna make money.
Where we going chief 🤠
I’ll be opening up some short positions on Tesla thinking there’s some people who have been waiting to sell until the new year
This is de wey
There was a massive share order eod today.
Yeah for real, live fat off your 130k a year and yolo your Wendy’s check
Is that you Dave Ramsey? Show us those envelopes already.
Okay retard and what the fuck does that have to do with COVID-19 and providing support to desperate people in need rn?
This shit is too funny cuh
Jesus Christ... the low IQ around here is astonishing. How many times will morons post about CNN’s BABA target without realizing it’s in HK and not USD?
Cute meme but PLTR is a massive red pit in my otherwise green tech portfolio. $30 average 😩
McConnell can keep my entire check if I can have an hour with his surprisingly hot wife.
Guys, this is a Wendy’s
Roku make you broku
Fun wilde it lasted
Sometimes I even have that shit in picture to picture while on the app
Nope. I actually got pretty lucky doubled my money in March and was market neutral then net short from February to early April.

The drop from September to October was from 1.9 to 800k. About 250k of that was due to FMCIs vote not passing and panic selling at the lows while missing out on the recovery. Then the market suddenly started hating all SPACs simultaneously, they all became correlated on the way down and I was more concentrated than I care to admit.
I am interested in this item.
How do I get a skin tag by my name?
“Nathan For You” is one of the funniest shows of all time!
[deleted]
Asian massage parlor > regular massage studio
JPOW is the isle
There's definitely a market but realistically it's  $8-10,000 to do a conversion mostly because the batteries.  So nobody's going to fix a junker but maybe they'd convert nice cars or classic cars. 

Starting with a quick and cheap hybrid conversion,  you could get that down to a few thousand. 2 kWh of batteries,  little electric motor,  skip the regen for a budget option
I don't fully understand, but I understand a lot more now! And I can Google wheel method for additional learnings. Thanks kind stranger, see you on the moon 🚀
Two weeks I ago my calls got IV crushed lost a shit ton. That following week I made some puts recouped about 5k, then the unthinkable happened I watched my money get thrown into the same furnace as the jews. Papa was not kind to my arse hole. I beg for his forgiveness now. Place calls;tsla only goes up brother
[deleted]
[deleted]
i’m not a sheep
What do you guys think of WISH? Upside of big fat dump? I have a 1000 shares so keep that in mind lol
Threesome with both
Go to their website and look at the ARKK fund
that revenue you cited is from coal mining you dickwad holy shit you're stupid. Here is an article that says they will start in Q1 of 2021. They haven't even started yet.
https://m.miningweekly.com/article/energy-fuels-to-enter-commercial-ree-business-in-q1-2020-12-14
[removed]
I was on this sub during the great crash of March 2020 you young whipper snapper.  It was the great hay day of DD and gay bears.  It's been downhill since.  Now I just visit for the memes.  Now it's just a ghetto called PLTRbets.
Regular working hours. Bond market closes early
Power Grid shit and electric truck beds if I remember correctl. They have big name clients like coca-cola and verizon.
I can't wait to have a net worth some day
You’re a real bro, bro.
Based on cost, literally every american could get $2000. But many people don't get $2000. Where money go?
One of us 😌
thats whatyou're here for
I’ll spray paint your face on my new TeSla model 3 in March
"The glint of light on broken glass" is what you'll see behind a Wendy's in a month.
not everyone works. and a lot of people make more than their cutoff money. a lot of immigrant workers who pay tax but don't get any support cuz they are immigrants and can photosynthesis their way through hard time.
Pan
If they don’t print, still sucky
Is there a reason to open a position tmrw? Wouldn’t u just be eating up Theta? Or 🅱️riced in?
You think I wanna make money? I’m just here for my fix
[deleted]
[deleted]
Water and sleep
I'm not a new trader, I've actually traded with BlueWafflr in the past but they terminated my account once they realised I actually made profits.
Nice
Lots of fine birds over there mate get up you chavah
yea that is the point 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Oh, my ICLN calls are going to like this
which? link me fam
Thats what you get
When I wake up at 6:30 to check my stocks I literally have morning wood every time and I start jerking off and I pause the video every 30 seconds to open the RH app. Literally takes me like an hour to nut
When is the pltr gang gonna get this meme?
Use GOOOOOOGLE FUCK
Go for OKE, oneoke. Similar price and twice the dividend.
[deleted]
Full
Never realized my video game cultural knowledge would make me one of "them".
Good DD here
Sicc skater moves
Half.....
I feel like there are so many dumped zoomer guys on here

Zoomer girls must really be into “finding themselves” even more than millennial girls were
[removed]
I'm haivng so much fomo from the chinese tech stocks
I’ve been in theta gang for years and had no idea there was a theta gang sub.
Hi Michael and I'm in my mid-20s. I'm recently single and I have no idea what I'm doing with my life. I spend my days mostly by gambling half my net worth on stock derivatives I don't fully understand in companies I read about online, I'm dad
Wiped us all out. New people will come
everytime this fucker drops a mixtape the markets red the next day
sir you are 54
nice, ya looks like FDA asked for "more time" back in Nov and that killed it.  looks like they have a lead on sickle cell though.   leaps look cheap
Idk how I survived those two months but I did
I never said I wasn't retarded lol
You know you were buying CFDs are not stocks right...
🤟🤟🤟
Yup. Full day I believe.
It needs something big to cover the valuation tho.
How did you get that emailed to you? I wanna sign up. Never mind saw it.
how did today go for you guys? I had a green day today, most of the small cap tech worked out.
Buy a house. Then live about the same way I currently do. Save some of the money. Then invest the rest in penny stocks and weed stocks. Sell covered calls
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/dhsmatt2 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
How many times do we have to teach you this lesson old man
Mitch McConnell’s turtle shell
[removed]
BULLISH AF. LAST CHANCE TO GET IN .
Only hated by blind sheep. He’s right for trying to take away censorship exemptions from social media companies. Corporations should not be more powerful than the People.
Well already didn't happen today
In Mel Brooks' seminal work, young Frankenstein, the lead character (Fronkenstein) was born into greatness. Terrible, yes, but great. He refused that greatness and denied it at every chance. Renaming himself and reacting strongly to any hint of his relation with the madness of his ancestors. 

In his dreams, days before reviving his own monster, he screams out against his destiny and those pushing it onto him. But he eventually relents, and therefore you have the quote:

&#x200B;

Destiny, Destiny. No escaping that for me. Destiny, Destiny.
Apple should acquire for users
20c 2/19 is the way
House democrats already passed it though not sure what you mean
words
Muahahahahahahaha
[deleted]
Just remember to buy in multiples of 9
its raining awardz
He is not shorting, trying to manipulate us. Fool.
Fix them a snack while they're together.
HAHAHA no tangible response to your retard ass incorrect statements so you're trying to internet flex with "uR dUmB iM rIcH" LOL what a fucking tool. 

Your comment history is insane, you must be some loner incel software engineer with a micropenis 

go join r/iamverybadass
Nah I hit her with that “kk”
Peep these Tinder babes I get in my area. You guys jelly yet? 
https://imgur.com/gallery/lrHkD94
HELL YE PUTS!
 This is actually very solid advice.
Wtf do they even do
Proper flair
Nope
Lmfao
Lets begin the RIOT🤑
I can see this being a position that I continually average up on
Tesla puts
Or just buy options, no shares
Is stonk market open tomorrow?
When the little bald penis in a suit thinks he has bigger 💎🥜 then GMEGANG
You don’t need a lot of collateral to open enormous spreads. You’re selling one side of the spread and getting all that cash. And it doesn’t take up much margin because the risk desk at your brokerage sees it is a spread and is protected on both sides. Plus unlike a debit spread the credit spread is adding cash to your account immediately instead of deducting it. You can trade millions of dollars worth of options a each year on a $50k account when you’re doing spreads.
You counting people who qualify - but not their kids, who do not qualify yet their parents get the payout
STFU
Sir this is a Wendy’s
👏
You missed few things on your DD

- Roku is not a stay at home stock. It’s cutting the cord stock. It will live on past the vaccine and all
- Roku is becoming what the cable companies weren’t. Consolidation of content in one device 
- Roku doesn’t pay for content (streaming apps do)
- They have a new ad revenue stream through the Roku Channel 
- they have an App Store so more revenue
[removed]
[deleted]
Can still buy meme stocks though.
Saving up for an eighth of cannabis, in 5 years.
In the early 80’s I bought the movie poster for the original.  “For $10,000 they break your arms. For $20,000 they break your legs.  Axel Freed owes $44,000.”  Classic film!!!
I had a turtle that ate my favorite goldfish in college so Mitch is #2 on my most hated turtle list.

Fuck you, Darwin.
Could literally start an EV company on paper and it would be worth more than JCP in a week or 2 lol
Your post just got me over three months of Reddit premium so thanks.. also fuck you take my award
That’s why you sell after a 15-20% rally. I mean you gotta judge the atmosphere. Buying the dips and bad red days can usually turn a profit short term. But you gotta do your due diligence when you buy on red days and know what caused it to pull back or drop.  Also based on the stream the of the companies stock.
Illegal immigrants
tl;dr
I can see why you was banned...Pioneer 😂
just get a property manager
It’s from a hilarious show called “Nathan For You”. If you laughed at this video, you will love his show. I recommend the gas station rebate episode.
Sorry what are you bitching about?
I have enough active calls to max the allowed characters.  The post itself gives away the main scope.
Hi,  I'm Michael and I'm in my mid-20s. I'm recently single and I have no idea what I'm doing with my life. I spend my days mostly by gambling half my net worth on stock derivatives I don't fully understand in companies I read about online.
Have you seen McConnell's wife though?
yes, its true
Thanks for buying my puts
Calls on PLTR
use those coins wisely youngling.
just need 25.6 tmrw
Came here for the DD and mofo started talking about the ice age or something
Haha wrong person
$30 pricing that is over double its current fair value market on no actual news after opening from $10 in 3 months is insane. 

hitting $30 if their demo does well in January sure but no actual news coming out the stock is likely going to bounce around $20-$30. may jump up on the 31st as the shorts get fucked and try and cover.

That being said I don't have to buy lunch for the next month of the quick calls I sold off this morning.  48% return was nice.

When the rich people are getting into life boats you get in with them. 

You do also realize the stock market is way overvalued resulting in inflated pricing. I am not sure how the FED and congress is going to fix the ticking time bomb but then again they have just kept adding fuel to the fire since 2008.


I may just cash out what I do have in my Robbin hood account and wait until the correction.
Can’t go tits up
Market half day tomorrow or full normal day?
[deleted]
This sub needs more brainlet's for sure. Plenty of material for them...

[https://www.memeatlas.com/brainlet-memes.html](https://www.memeatlas.com/brainlet-memes.html)
Bruh I got a call for feb. im still scared, did you see what it closed at?
Nah. No way in hell Democrats vote yes I'm the pork bellied shit
Yachty=🩸Reddddddddd!!!!!
Overall account value is higher $420.70 is just profit today
yes, yes you do. welcome home
Roll it to next week
Happy Birthday!! 🎂
You’re so fucking retarded, you might actually do ok. Good luck fucker.
All three months ago, which more than 90 days.  This guy is the next Soros
Elon would disagree. 10 years not showing a profit, he did not invent the car, the wheel, the battery, nor software.. Look at him now.
Anybody who is on the level to be subject to lockup is also on the level to know this shit is the future and wouldnt sell unless they are retarded.
Na dr Phillips area is dope. It has nicer amenities than Tampa. We have a condo on the beach also on the east coast.
I-bankers and finance professionals are not in the "market" you're trying to describe. 

I think we have to agree to disagree man, seems like you just don't have a ton of experience.

The idea that education doesn't coorelate to financial success is downright laughable.
How do you know if puts were being bought or sold?
Well it’s still red when futures are green so I’m going to assume red futures is just more red
Shh they cant know thats the plan
Jesus christ man hold the fucking things and average down.

Then set a stop loss at 50% and throw your phone in a lake and check back in April. 

NET is a strong stock.
Zero light 30
If you don't care whether it's P or L just trade FDs tomorrow. Immediate results. SPY, AAPL, TSLA, or PLTR or some shit
Mitch is gay you guys can tell him I said that
im done talking about this with u, ur brain is much too dense. If u don't like this stock, great, but im gonna enjoy the money I make from it. Good luck investing with a brain as shortsighted as yours.
[deleted]
It’s weight % of the whole portfolio. When you increase other stocks without selling PLTR, its % will decrease. (Did you pass grade 5 math) 🤧
stop stalking the market you pervert
RIP only for US citizens lol.
https://insideri.com/1321655_000120919120065596_0001209191-20-065596
[removed]
Green
Same
whats the code for the "eat my dongus you fuckin nerd" pls u/zjz I must know
This is peak dick tip self care
According to the government, 8 dollars.
Oh and it should be usable outside of the US lmao. I don't live in that tax-hellhole.
WTF is going on with this cash act though?

House says new bill ($1400 more in payments, totaling $2000) brings cost of bill up from 900b to 1.36t which is a $460b increase. At $1400 per person, that's literally 330,000,000 people. But estimates say only 100,000,000 people qualify for stimmy checks. Where is all the fucking money going?
Depends on positions
What tickets does this relate to lol
✌️ERB  🅱️NGO
Hmmmmmmmmmm
Anytime I feel down I just think to myself “hey at least I’m not Mitch McConnell’s underwear”
Tbh, it looks very tempting from a graphical standpoint. I'll most likely be yolo'ing on a small option call for the meme. What are your thoughts? There is also a high chance the stock will continue to bleed.
That's just theta gang. lol
My bad. Misread. Thought u was op saying stripe ceo confirmed. I was like BS
oz is australia. I've said it a few posts back, it's a banned ticker, look it up.

This is the sand one. The green lines at 5-6B are the lines that mean "revenue."
https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/CC?p=CC&.tsrc=fin-srch

Do you need me to look up the coal one, or can you figure it out?
I would have thought that too but numerous posters yesterday said it was yesterday because of t+3.
[deleted]
Interesting. Thanks for the words. My only worry was going -300% or so negative. Saw so many posts here and got mini attacks just thinking about it. Now, I fee like they are the guys selling Naked Calls and Naked Puts.

Keeping this in mind, I will never “sell” options. Just buy them with the money in my Personal Risk Tolerance. Also, Covered Calls seem good strategy too owning shares priced around 20$ or so.
[deleted]
This meme misses the first bleary-eyed check of the quotes when theta gang does wake up only to see a massive gap fuckfuckfuck.gif
And trippin on shrooms
Sells early for a loss, misses out on a five bagger, calls it a shit stock, and has no regrets... yep, follow this guy
Bat soup
Hypothetically great great grandfather, before the time of the great diamond hands and tendies.
[deleted]
I wonder why we didn’t hear about this sooner
Passenger doors not closing. "But they have epic/inhuman attention to detail". This whole shenanigan is absolutely nuts. Look forward to the story in years to come of who the major players were that pushed this up-so.
Should have had 69 battery life.
You get an award, you get an award, everyone gets an award
I don’t see any PLTR trades. I do see a lot of Tesla being sold though.
lambro 💪🏼😎
No joke, drink a pedialite
onmoms bruh buying power ready
I fucked a ten bagger once. It was hard to get all them condoms off ngl
I think someone need to make Pleas fly again wallpaper
Is market open yet? I wanna jerk off to NIO back over 50.
Same lol
[deleted]
I bought $2 leaps. We'll see!
Their hardware/software is inferior to Apple
Schwab
Are we getting $2000 or nah?
Ark is actively managed they sell of their Tesla shares too based on exposure
stupid bears never learn
I bought $35c 1/21/22 like a few months ago. 

Def putting more money into shares too.
In that case we are all fucked. Goddamnit man.
[deleted]
well the easy part is generating more revenue for them than any of the "hard part" ones are making, and they will be starting that part within months. so tell me how these miniscule companies you continue to bring up are gonna collapse a company that controls 10% of the global market share
He's gonna do the holding company for Tesla, SpaceX, Starlink and whatever else he does
BlueWaffle.net

B Waffle has a very similar layout to RH. Its geared towards new traders. It has a growing inner community supported by forums unlike RH. No fees and no frills.
how bizarre
Fuck u I'll hold XL till I die💎👐
Even fugly turtles won’t call him back!
No, I get trade notifications from ARK directly of their ETF transactions daily.
Homophobe
[deleted]
Lol imagine thinking the Chinese won’t have ray gunned you by then
Alright. 

I’m taking the $400k and dumping it into weed stocks AND BABA because China is coming back **hard**. Then I live off of 30k and gamble puts with the leftover 100k every year until someone from Robinhood comes to kill me.
Same I’m balls deep in some FDs
Ryan Cohen is literally God.
CNN Business? Say no more.
How come whites get the modifier ie “white” trash.
Yo there’s got to be a better place to ask this
Is their a suitor?
how about just a "k"... o is unnecessary.
👍
What’s the next potential ten bagger?
Disregard the chaff if you’re serious, and just go with Fidelity or one of the other big ones.  Based on your plan, it almost won’t matter much who you use as long as they answer the phone(in case you have questions).

Most people are assuming this is BS, in which case go fuck yourself.

Palantir.
Whaaaa????
Winnie the Pooh?
1 year ago at 10 PM EST, China reported a rapid spread in pneumonia-like symptoms. 

Nostalgic as fuck now. Happy birthday COVID! 🥡🎊🎉
[deleted]
u wot m8
Yes
Already too drunk to stand
This guy fucks!  He makes up his losses via affiliate marketing
What a disgusting pig
[deleted]
I’d share it with you
I end up cussing out a dozen morons every single time. Sad part is I'm always just trying to find a person who needs my stuff so I can give it away. I did sell a Sonos home theater system on there for like 1200 bucks and it went really smooth. When I'm trying to give something away I wanna die by the end of it.
Orlando fucking sucks dude. Why the fuck would you live in FL if you aren't by the water...

Tampa/St Pete is awesome.
For some reason I bought Vxx calls today. Prepare for flat ass day tomorrow.
all shares or options?
www.pornhub.com is much better
Hair of the dog
Lol wow cannot believe JCP is a penny stock now 🤣
How dare you wish that on me? 😭 take it back
Puts on your relationships
Underrated movie
Wouldn't surprise me too much. But I think $30 will be a strong psychological level. If it breaks that, it's taking a dump
[deleted]
You’re crazy if you think I’d wanna watch CJ’s bum ass
Almost entirely warrants. I have on occasion done long warrant short share pair trades though.

I started out at 6000 in "doing other people's homework" money in college back in 2016. From 2016 to 2019, I got market returns and contributed my way up to 180k. Haven't made a deposit ever since because of grad school.

I began 2020 at exactly 198k. Got lucky a few times in January. Used a bit of an information edge to time the corona scare and market drop till early April. Then I got into my first SPAC, Nikola while around 450k in May. Thereafter I diversified my strategies a bit as described here:

https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kncpzn/no_idea_why_everyone_is_hating_on_2020_so_much/ghkh4ri?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x&context=3
When is earnings report?
I love selling CC on my boomer ass dividend stocks.
strong support at 25. i like PLTR to the upside. lets fucking start the new year right
+2.9% on my 1/15 $25c!
*KNAWHLEJ
?
There's some deep irony here.
[deleted]
I’ve done both.  Currently holding call debit spreads and put credit spreads.
You SOB! I'm in!
yet here i am. being that stupid. yolo-ing with a smooth brain. buying the top selling the bottom.
Go Blazers 👌
Greasy food and water
Same
[deleted]
[deleted]
My friend legit didn't understand what an option premium was and was complaining why he couldn't get his money back when his options expired.
Find a tax haven where I can live half the year and travel the rest
[deleted]
We’re gonna die of alcohol poisoning tonight
Me stupid. Bullish or Bearish?
Sir, this is a Wendy's
Rebalance stock portfolio. Buy more ETFs. Continue working but find a job that I actually enjoy.
I’ve sold some furniture and shit on fb marketplace and I found some movers for cheap as fuck. Not a bad gig
Sooo...about them hours tomorrow...we closing early or not
Yup would be way too heavy. Math doesn’t check out. No idea what OP is talking about
now make them kiss
I don't think so unless the put makes you take on shares before 30 days. So sell the put for 30 days+ out.
Webull has it all. 4am-8pm pre-market. Short stocks. Penny stocks. Message me for a referral link for free stocks.
May you open up an entire pack of Magikarp next time.
🌈
It’s wild reading some of the details.  The ticker tape couldn’t keep up, and people all over the country were selling market orders blind to the ask price.
What was Fronkenstein saying when he delivered that quote?
No thanks idw instant death. I do wanna get hurled into deep space while listening to dark side of the moon
Positions or ban
He posts so many times a day on Stocktwits only on GILD. He’s either obsessed, delusional, and wrong or he’s just obsessed and right. 

I’m willing to gamble he’s right. At the end of the day it’s still a profitable stable company with a huge dividend without a buyout.
we need a company like XL that converts consumer cars to electric for cheap, all these nice cars and trucks that get junked because of engine problems
Is google that stock everyone keeps talking about?
Watch the movie “brewsters millions” for some good ideas.
[deleted]
If a girl sends you a really long text just reply “ok”
Expecting a dump mid Jan to Feb some time. At which point I yolo calls
You forgot the part where Bezos keeps the employees and markets it as a feel good story...until those employees find out new hires get paid more.
Just shows we are getting under their skin. It’s not their game anymore.
Is he back?
If you consistently lose every trade, keep going, don't change anything. Just let us know what's your next trade.
Puts on the Florida Gators

Where's that one guy at? u/MD2020Gator or whatev
Yeah, not so much. There are lots of reasons to provide a dividend, the largest is usually related to their growth being limited by external factors and not wanting to sit on cash. Think coca cola.
[removed]
$130k a year to do nothing? I'm applying at Wendy's.
I’m filled with many things, and because of this, joy is one of them
But how
[removed]
They could pull it out. Lots of thirst out their for their new share offerings. But wanna hear the kicker?

The offering is to raise $100 mil, but they claim to need an extra $750 mil on top of that in 2021 or they will go bankrupt. 

Sooo yeah. Sounds like a great stock to get ass fucked on if that’s yo thang
got it.
Back when I had FB I only used the marketplace once. Bought a 2007 Kia Spectra for only 1k because some rich dude had just bought wife a new Mercedes and the Kia had a small coolant leak. Im sure my experience is an exception but it was the best deal I've ever found. Still have that car after 4 years too as a backup
Guy who literally only searched google: "don't be so lazy."

&#x200B;

Yea, but what did wilder mean when he said that?
Making shitty wages is only fun once your financially secure or young.  I’m 33 married with kids so I have to keep sucking corporate cock for at least another 12 years.  After that kids are on their own.  God speed and sorry you have to work night shift.
Thinking of opening a bull-dyke call spread in $U.

May 2021 - $155/200, net debit -$13.15, max payout 2.42x

Could somebody please critique this trade?
No
Mitch McConnell is the most hated person and turtle in the United States rn
Stripe doesn't need Ackman's shitty SPAC to go public
I really want a trained professional to take the pepsi challenge with ct scans of those 2019 vaping deaths vs 2020 corona deaths
Bbby gang where yall at?
should have let me now before i yoloed them on gme 25 calls.
Interesting he posted at 11:33.
Can I get an award too pls
I dont want to drive a $300 car that breaks down once a week.
Bro you literally just post in r/news and here about corona this and that. You got puts or just no life?
Drink everytime someone asks about market hours instead of simply Googling
Kawhi is trash
What if.... The AI is just as shitty?
What are the best trade strategies for small accounts? I'm thinking quick results (whether P or L) with protected downside.

What's the best way to accomplish this?

Short dated call spreads with narrow spreads between strikes?

Thanks
[removed]
Still holds $33m.....

&#x200B;

 54 PALANTIR TECHNOLOGIES INC-A PLTR  1,317,122(shares)  $33,059,762.20 0.61 

&#x200B;

180k represents 7200 shares.

&#x200B;

Fake news, moron.
Going back to 20s
[deleted]
[deleted]
Stick to pickle backs.
show proof. otherwise gtfo. or ban
bro no they don't do some fucking research. The sand one and the coal one are starting in 2021 and I still don't even know what the oz company ur talking about is
Pretty much, Tesla is the future.
You can lead an autist to water, but he probably can't read
GME🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
I think Mitch McConnell is now the most hated man in America
Even if shorting is within my Personal Risk Tolerance? What BS
They should do it up like Uncle Sam's nut sack is dropping - SPY would blow through 420 next week on the sentiment
Just need it down 3% in the morning and I’m out. GL
[deleted]
[removed]
You haven't lived until Fidelity sends you the letter saying "we have noticed your account experienced substantial losses in the recent period."
GME going to $16 tomorrow
September was brutal. My portfolio was in decline from 9/2 -9/30. If I would have done any sort of yolo, it would have been over.
Bullish
Did u sell the calls or buy??
Don’t lose Grandpas hard earned money and leave it as is
[deleted]
Don't compare me to that monster
Put some respeck on his name
[deleted]
Hinting at the 500k deliveries this year?
I too wonder this lol.
Love that movie.
REGENERON
I guess you don’t know, but you can actually press CTRL+Z to reverse all of your bad trades.
We just look for the posts with the most 🚀🚀🚀 emojis
Damn GME gang must be fuckin LOADED
WSB: Source?

🐻: Google it.

Conclusion: 🌈🐻 talking out of his furry rectum

PLTR 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
[deleted]
[removed]
Baconeggandcheese
Ok thanks for the clarification
Why would it go up. Let's be realistic. Once spacs lose volume and momentum, it's over.
They keep buying TAK like crazy? 🚀 🚀
You’re assuming Covid 23 will be as docile as Covid 19?
Yes
Thanks, can’t get right answers to retards here
Calls on nintendo!
Broke mall department stores to the Asteroid Belt 🚀🚀
If i sell my shares for a loss and re enter the position by selling a put, would it qualify as a wash sale?
[removed]
Second that.
Thoughts on the South Korean gaming industry?
always bucking the trend....
[deleted]
Selling puts on AMC is actually free money
Nio to the moon?
We are not trading, we are gambling
Then why even collect the $600?!??
Remember when ENPH was falsely accused of fraudulent accounting and dipped to $33 and now they're joining the S&P.

Who would have seen this coming? Not me!
[deleted]
[deleted]
I cant believe how many people refuse to consider or understand the tontine warrant structure of PSTH.  When the lock-in date to receive free warrants approaches, its going to be an absolute frenzy.
he's protecting his life's work and us in the process, he's Bro Thiel like Musk.
Why not buy shares and options?
Facts
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/Remarkable_Pipe_6824 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
just doing some quick and lazy DD on $ROKU and MY FUCKING GOD ITS SO UNDERVALUED

they already matched last year's revenue without Q4 earnings(which is going to be massive) and I can only see it growing next year as stay-at-home becomes the norm. $ROKU going to smash its way through $100b mkt cap next year and the best thing about it? no one here talks about it.


long since $180
What are the best trade strategies for small accounts? I'm thinking quick results (whether P or L) with protected downside.

What's the best way to accomplish this? 

Short dated call spreads with narrow spreads between strikes?

Thanks
What strike did he/she get. Current hk price is about 240 for the ADR.
Usually it has a very short term reaction, and I honestly think it's just MM's dumping quickly to try and flush, trying to spook retail so they can buy back on the dip

In the longer term it's utterly meaningless
Those trades are disclosed. You can look it up if you want to know.
Are they dropping that big ball in New York this year or nah? Big opportunity to dress that shiny sphere up like the virus model.
Fucking gay
Serious question: how do u get approved for vertical spreads with a fidelity Roth IRA.  I’ve been denied like 3 times. Think I put something like 5yrs trading stonks/ETFs 3yrs trading options. Account is 6figs
I think you misspelled:

"Um no I'm not riding a bike... Oh this? *points to helmet* my doctor says that due to the extreme nature of my retardation, I have to wear a helmet at all times as I am a danger to myself."
Stick with long calls with an expiration of January 2022 or 2023, and you will do fine. Just don't put 100% of your account into options because they can go to zero. Own some shares of stocks and sell covered calls for additional income, then put the covered call income into call options. Or just YOLO your whole account on one play, to each their own.
Down water before bed the right of
Sold stuff on craigslist before. JFC, that was a mistake.
0DTE 134C printing press
Trader Tax Status- benefits and deductions for active traders.
Credit spreads are easy street. Keep doing what you’re doing. I’ve been printing money this way for a long time. On stocks you expect to decline you can still do credit spreads on those as well with calls, making the credit spread bearish. Welcome to theta gang. Enjoy your profitable stay.
Repost. Ban.
🚀
1/22/21 $20C here
[deleted]
Ginger ale
https://twitter.com/BNODesk/status/1344481970269556737?s=19

>At this hour 1 year ago, the first news reports appeared about cases with unexplained pneumonia in China's Wuhan. Here is one of the first media reports
What about the hog bro
I got $14 call expiring in May 21. It should be deep be ITM by then. Should I exercise the contracts or cash out?
I'm holding still but I got in at $11. Hoping this week is just an EOY sell and we are back to tendie town next week.
But you masturbated a lot huh
Portland Clippers gonna be a classic 💯💯
I have one as well. Nice purchase for sure. Enjoy it!
[removed]
I bought at 350 pre split,  then I set up a stop loss at 420 as a joke... It hit it and sold it. It was about 30k. I thought well i will buy it again at 420! Nope never came back down, but it split so i bought it again at around... 400 again! So far so good this time.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Weak hands they are in so many other worse stuff
[removed]
Thank you mr Ron Howard
Do you have an account with lucidtracking.com because they show daily sales of ark etf's
35k in PLTR at 24.50. What’s the deal
You’re a fuckin dollar. Man.
Yeah bro I hate poor people, it's really not that hard to save up a little money in case of a rainy day
Yeah end of tax year complications and price action decided to take the gains and maybe re enter when I see more opportunity. It’s a good squeeze stock so I definitely will re enter if I see a ripe opportunity
DD: Amazon buys them out, uses their 800 stores as storage space for Prime orders instead of building more warehouses. Each 13 cent JCP share becomes 0.000000000001 Amazon share. Easy money
Ayyy nice
Thanks for the service.
I really don’t know how to feel about all this mess.  Someone give me dd.
How?
[deleted]
Nice
Likewise. Bought early December and up 175%
No matter what happens tonight...green by open
[removed]
tomacco?
[deleted]
I own 3 pairs of shoes but have 6 figures in the bank/stocks lol
So is he (or she (or they I suppose) ) really a friend then?
Can't wait til I'm 69 yrs old looking back on my 20s and how I wasted them looking at lines and graphs
Another
CNN money doesn’t convert to USD for the forecast?
Fuck it I'm buying some more tomorrow
When you are payed hourly
Lambo shopping out, tesla shopping in
PSTH TO THA MOON
Mitch the kinda guy who puts the tip in and immediately cums.
The man hasn’t lifter a dumbbell in his live. The shred is all from cranking that printer since March.
When I do this it pulls a netflix and Facebook and right after I sell spikes 4-5 frickin percent in 2 days each :-l
On Monday.

And I get fedex which goes down no matter how good the news ;(
Real men sit down to pee to avoid splash and minimize the noise.
and you can don’t buy weeklies
[removed]
Sir, I'm going to have to ask you to not upset the autists. They get very upset when they hold something that can't expire
Hehehehehehhe
If history repeats itself, youre in for another guh
Wow, what a catch!
He posted elsewhere, and then started to shill his next move. (Forget next stock off hand)

I’m new, to all of this.
The entire process.
But the more I looked into STIC, how SPACs operate , Bark Box the company, posts on here, I quickly started to not only learn a whole lot but also was able to see through the bullshit.

I do think you should go through that same process. It’s tedious and boring but is a free education.
Yea he said no 12/7 on Twitter
AMC the ultimate degenerate bet right now. All or. nothing.
This dumb idiot thinks we are $100 RH accounts, didn’t he see the million dollar accounts? We are the MM of retail. GME to the moon 🚀🚀🚀 he will crushed just like others.
Let's fucking hope not. Market would crash. BRING ON THE GRIDLOCK!!!
Like a dick with ears
Gordon Johnson is on par with Mitch McConnell
Who’s holding bags?? I’ll take them off ur hands. Get some rest king.
the box is also shitty
ABEV & ERJ 🍼 🥞
This is the way
[removed]
😂
They give u the docs you just have to wait until February
yes
I'm squeezing him on both TSLA and GME. Seriously, I actually have exactly $100 in my RH account. Every longterm TSLA short is a douche.
Its percentage down because they bought other stocks more. They never sell PLTR. You can check daily change here. 
https://ark-funds.com/wp-content/fundsiteliterature/holdings/ARK_NEXT_GENERATION_INTERNET_ETF_ARKW_HOLDINGS.pdf
Covid
FB marketplace is the worst. People never show up!
Ohhhh i get it now. The dick goes in her not me.
Shit look at all the plats!! Lemme get one!
Hahahaha
Please let us know next time you’re gonna do it so we can Yolo
[deleted]
So all in...you have 69k account and risking 65k? Any close calls within the last month where you were shitting bricks?  Also, do you close some as they come in or wait til they expire worthless.
Fake news. A lot of suspiciously bearish PLTR posts in the past 24 hours, I'm thinking we see some serious green these next few days.
Wat?
www.general_tsos_yum_yum.com
Good, it could be a nice change from dollar general coffee lol
[deleted]
Bruh people actually flipping shit all because Baba is down 1.86% in the HK lol
Yes
No child’s library is complete with the [Space Raptor Butt Trilogy](Space Raptor Butt Trilogy https://www.amazon.com/dp/B01I7Q2T52/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_api_glc_slu7FbD77W2DA)
Already balls deep bro
Market quarter day tomorrow or eighth?
We're gonna get fucked tomorrow aren't we?
8th gate Guy Sensei is stronger than a Hokage.
Honestly have looked at some used huracans. Beautiful fun cars. Just not practical in the least
Likewise with you bro, go get that money!
those are 10 hour days, split shift and 30 days a month..  
  
Then back out gasoline $900, oil change $80, 2k miles /month on car... 5% car repair fund hold out, 30% in contractor LLC taxes...  
  
You'll walk away with $5k after tax per month, killing yourself with zero days off and ruining your car. Sustainable in emergency for 1-2 months max...

Here is the video I talked about - 8,3k before taxes and costs was his number.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=URPH1rvY-Dc
[deleted]
Bob, does the NYSE have lights?
[r/dividends: "If you show me a paystub that says you made over $350 this week, ill quit my job and come work for you"
MLM stands for Mommies Losing Money
Why? GME gains will pay for it
[deleted]
Fuck, this is me.
Morgan is fine
Downvote doe making people beg you for hours on end for positions.
Bought the same ones. Best of luck brotha
meme
I'm the crew trainer and head sales at ontario dispensary, and this merger is still fairly likely to pass.  Using tilrays Portugal leed facility to pour tariff free cannabis into the freshly legalizing Europe means moooooon!  Aphria getting tilrays 5 dollar a gram down to aphrias 1 is a huge game changer
[deleted]
All in ENPH? They will join SnP Jan 7
1. US Tariffs aren’t driving price action right now.
2. You haven’t even seen his final form yet! 
Hint: it’s a rocket to the fucking moon
Better luck next week.
[deleted]
Too damn expensive $2,000 plus subscription for an easy to lose mobile device. The alternative is to send the patient down for a billable USG. I don’t see widespread adoption.
[deleted]
He’s using formulas we can’t even comprehend yet he’s definitely from the future...take my money
To add to this, you **can** play weeklies and make money. You just gotta know when to exit!
[deleted]
People just want to be contrarian for the sake of contrarianship and shit.
I use a slightly different method. What I do is I buy low (so far so good) and then I actually sell *lower*.... ^help
shut up
Is this how we’re gonna bribe wsb to buy gme lmao awarding??
Double ban
It’s likely a hedged market maker on the other side, when he placed his order the algorithm bought a certain percentage of shares to hedge. Almost no brokers would allow a sale of naked calls this size.
*Narrator: It's not. Full day for stocks, 2:00 close for bonds. Market closed Friday.*
Investing in Reddit awards now
Damn I didn’t know you were British
Link it
GME GANG RISE UP. FUCK MELVIN. FUCK MITCH THE BITCH. BUY AND HOLD THE FUCKEN DIP. 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀✋💎🐂
When? 🤨

Last I read he said absolutely not. Send a link.
It would just be a million people
What's tatooine?
umm what?? susan boyle??
Google it I sold my calls today looking to go back in at 22 dollars a share
You could have withdrew a penny, have we taught u nothing?????
No results found. I have a service for options volume and ToS scanners. Does it really have any unusual options vol content?
i'm always lambo shoping on ebay
[deleted]
[deleted]
Institutionals are gonna eat it all up
Bold of you to assume most of the sub even considers researching
Microsoft and Sony would never sign off on this. And give up a huge chunk of their revenue? 🤦🏻‍♂️🤦🏻‍♂️🤦🏻‍♂️
The Lack of a Hardon Collider
Idk
10% of the easy part of mining. 0% of the hard part.
You must be poor but thanks for the DD *flips nickle*
You should make a follow up DD post for this!
at the 25th hour
I don’t know who needs to hear this but you can buy shares
Wut time retard?
No positions.. ban!!!
[deleted]
I know we're retarded and all, but have you ever tried to sell something on fb marketplace or Offerup? holy fuck
Yea encroaching on the entire industry dependent on people purchasing and owning their own vehicles that depreciate fast as fuck is not a good idea. Mass rentals are for commies and debt is for freedomers
Proof or ban. 

I see nothing in their trade notifications confirming this. They sold IBKR, IRDM, and PRLB on 12/29/2020.
Full day.
This is the way.
We don't need more XL bag holders. Bless their hearts.
Do you think the sell-off continues, or is there a bounce coming?
Has someone here ever went lambo shopping? Or is it just a meme
Yes and it’s very cheap to live
[https://cathiesark.com/ark-combined-holdings-of-pltr](https://cathiesark.com/ark-combined-holdings-of-pltr)

No new PLTR trades made yesterday or today: [https://prnt.sc/wder5s](https://prnt.sc/wder5s)

&#x200B;

where are you getting your info?  🌈🐻
[deleted]
Damn give me some awards
Now, I am getting it. Looks like I am ready to throw 500 YOLO on options now lol.
Zero out 1.7 million retards will be able to read this article much less understand any of it. TTS??
I find these lawsuits are akin to me trying to sue Tesla because I bought TSLA at $696.60
1 PM SHARP. Sell your shit before it closes.
2020: Not talking about robot employee TAM

What went wrong
I just sold my amc at a massive loss, IMO they should go up by about $10 now.  You're welcome.
www.Google.com

4pm Est
[deleted]
Jesus dude. Why.
I feel like the dollar should be way farther ahead lmaoooo
you're welcome
Someone is making it fucking rain awards up in here!
This isn't even worth it from a financial standpoint. I'm sure the time he spent on figuring out how to do this is worth more than $1 / month.
Moc order. Happens in many stocks all the time.
I’m really dumb Can you please explain what this means
you are ITM with enough time. Definitely will hold.
Babes love boats
Spreads don’t eat a lot of margin unless you are running really wide spreads.
Especially on penny stocks :-0
This is literally the dumbest post I’ve ever seen on here.
Hop in m o m e n t u s.

They got a launch soon
🌈🐻🌈🐻🌈🐻🌈🐻
[deleted]
RIP to the Baba 1day call who put his life savings into it. congrats, You just got Punk'd
🤡
4.20 blaze it.
2022? You are fine... just dont check every day
Mitch the kind of guy that looks like a penis in a suit
[deleted]
You can easily secure a loan if you go to any bank with proof of said savings account.

If they’re turning you down then there is something in your credit report that is a bigger red flag.
1.7m retards \*  $1 = 1.7m per retard invested
makret closed tom
His name is YANG.
What time will market close tomorrow? Thanks
The chinese WSB sub is popping off right now with their green ass day
Slaughtered almost all of the bears but us bulls are still out here during the day FEASTING and sleeping good at night.
Do u think it will actually be red? Or are we bound for another weird pump?
And the girls are pretty.
“Well sir. You may not be aware of this but we are your bank and we can see how poorly you spend your money. It’s right here on the screen.”
The new crop of idiots that have started commenting never disappoints. OPs comment and several today regarding market hours, baba hk shares, etc remind me that you can have the IQ of a larvae and somehow you would survive, or even thrive, in the US
[removed]
You gotta watch out for these pumpers man...this isn't happening. XL Fleet and Tesla aren't merging. Who would believe this BS?

https://mobile.twitter.com/moneybets4u/status/1344439436780707847?s=20
I’ve never seen it in any of their email notifications. Seems fake.
Lol qqq puts, really? You have to be retarded because you might only win 20% of the time or less
Considering we laugh at $1,000 gain porn here, this guy is off by a factor of 10.  Using this math, target price for $TSLA is $6,880.  

Buy calls!  Buy the dip!  We’re way below the potential peak gains here!

🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Regular schedule 9:30 to 4pm est tomorrow. FYFIB.
Just add some cumin as well it makes it just delightful ☺️
Its bouncing from the 210$ support for me at the 10-30 days charts going to test 250$ on the short term imo.- disclosure I bought stonk at 260$,220$,230$

Want to hold at least 1-2 years
Problem is you're cutting it close on the expiry. You really really don't want to hold a debit til expiry unless it's well ITM.

You should just get ITM for that expiry and hold it
Cathie you saucy minx
Dua Lipa or Dr. Fauci? If you had to fuck one.
Florida is America’s swampy dick
Pretty sure the squeeze would be on by now if the money for all these awards had been dumped into stock.
[deleted]
Ur asshole was open
Because you were on vacation
Damn could I get one too?
1200 12/31
I'm in Tampa rn. Casino is great
Priced in
Correct. Never sell naked calls.
[deleted]
Yeah this is news to me. I’m skeptical
Man...
Deputy Dick
I hope we hit 900k+ jobless claims so we limit up
They definitely did. It was easy to look up and plenty of people posted about it here
The oz one, the sand-mining one, and the coal-mining ones do generate revenue... only the uranium one doesn't... The oz one generates revenue with a full ex-china supply chain already in place.
Not as brutal as not being wished a happy cake day. 

Happy cake day, friend.
No he is, he is that stupid because he asked, and worse, asked on WSB
How does one ascend to theta gang?
I said it earlier to someone else, but I’ll say it again. I don’t short cuz I’m not a 🌈🐻 and I don’t get pleasure off other people’s misery. But they just seem to be following the blockbuster playbook and I don’t see the appeal.  I hope you win tho bro!
I bought at 35 and unloaded at 59.7, have been waiting for a good time to reenter
[https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jdvfok/the\_anatomy\_of\_a\_wsb\_pump\_and\_dump/](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jdvfok/the_anatomy_of_a_wsb_pump_and_dump/)
 In Canada cap gains/losses are realized at settlement date (+2 days for shares, +1 for options). Looks like it's different for you guys... TIL
Your brain closed today
ENPH into SPY500 1/7/2021.  🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
I'll do it for you for $1k
You can get 4 tendies for that at McD.
Its okay crazy lady, go to bed. Just don't forget your helmet this time.
Fuck I hope we didn't just give factory farms any ideas 😤
[deleted]
Lol whatever the fuck that means.
[deleted]
Great screenshot chief
It should be better right? Like we just got stimulus and all.
Troll account stop giving this retard attention.
First award?
What
Look at these autists how pathetic.  No one pushes the buy & sell button better than this penis in a suit...
I still wore it
Tesla has made hundreds of thousands of Model 3's and they are still showing up defective and jacked up. At least the stock is doing well!

https://insideevs.com/news/463589/tesla-service-centers-preventing-delivery-refusals/
[removed]
I’m selling CSP’s on NIO, I sleep fantastic.
It's like buying Blockbuster shares after NFLX announces online Streaming LMAO
Tomorrow will be so red and because of a decomposing turtle who represents 10 of the poorest counties in the US
My 24puts i sold approve this pump
MT already went to the moon. It is up 200% from its low point and up 33% this year.

Trump increased tariffs on metal products back in January of 2020.

Most of the steel tariffs causing inflated pricing are going way under Biden.
That’s only if it hits that low
Please FSR, a break out would be really appreciated
I like it!
Hire a hitman
So does that mean calls or puts on Karp's hair?
[https://ark-funds.com/subscribe](https://ark-funds.com/subscribe)
I had a series of put and call credit spreads on when covid hit the market and spy dropped like 10% loss in a day.  My call spreads pulled in their small credit and my put spreads ate my portfolio for lunch.
I took June - Oct off, but feeling nostalgic & looking at the daily chart while wondering why the vibe here feels a little different from First Wave pandemic. That 6 weeks Sept - mid-Oct really did slaughter a lot of bulls & bears alike huh. Made that AMZN drop today look like chicken feed.
No one exclusively does CSPs but they just are the best way to dip buy.
I bought my Switch at Gamestop.
Been holding shares since FVAC, agree with your DD 🤙
Y’all can’t even Google market hours for tomorrow I can’t even imagine the research you put into stonks
So my 117.96c 3/19/21 turns back into a 120c?
But once it does...
I don't think there is a source for #2, I haven't heard of anyone else doing it. But if you read about delta hedging, that's pretty much what market makers are doing in the background - I just try to find order books where I can make them do this and push the price around a lot.

My mantra is "If it ain't broke, don't fix it.", I'm going to keep going at it. That huge drop was caused mostly by my SPAC strategy and I think I've more or less identified what I did wrong and how I can avoid doing it in the future. So I guess it'll just be business as usual for everything until something else blows up.
I don’t have a horse in this race as I don’t understand the cult like status you guys have for PLTR, but with that said, their software demo day is the end of January...it seems like the least you could do if you’re not going to exit your position is at least spend the nickels to roll your calls out two weeks so they make it through software demo day.
In March I made like 50k on spy puts and subsequently lost it all, reaching 6k at my lowest. After that, I had to take a three month break from trading and browsing WSB because I was depressed lol
Yeah a 750
It literally went below 140 several times just today.
yes
The 23 crash also didn’t have the fed and technology
https://youtu.be/EUSBuVjiDDM

https://www.cnbc.com/video/2020/05/14/sony-can-grow-significantly-over-the-next-2-3-years-jefferies.html

They are both pretty short.
[deleted]
If you are reading this, I have arrived from your future. For the love of god do not buy GE calls
What is going on in here? 


PS buy the dip
I will be watching from the sidelines. Alot of pumping on this with mediocre DD. Will see how it plays out and if it's a winner I'll create a meme with my shame
This is so retarded it may just be right.
[deleted]
How will you ever learn
The lack of “🚀🚀🚀🚀” is disappointing
Then you might get some speedy eggs lol
[deleted]
That’s what I’m trying to tell people. All these guys are going to be caught bag holding for the long weekend because they’ll be waiting until 4 PM to sell. Smh.
I would giz in my pants. Picked up 300 1/8 28C today
To be fair I know a lot of white (trash) who does this too.
Fucked around and found out
Just trade in other markets bro
1 red day
Godspeed
The thing is I never seen ARK holding PLTR.
Company sucks
[deleted]
i don’t know what to tell u lol. i really wish I did. i’m down all time :/
Futures don't mean crap now lol
It’s not, stripe ceo confirmed this
I agree no one needs awards all in on GME!
50 contracts at $30 strike
Yeah they're so humble that I've looked at them multiple times and decided it's a garbage way to invest because the risk is medium for a low return. I'd rather go with high risk high return and not get my ass handed to me by random market gyrations.

I sometimes sell covered calls if there's something I'm going to be holding for a while though, because why not double dip if you can do it without getting your profit maker called away.
Having that MT put invalidates everything I just read for me
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/Ok_Werewolf_5766 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I love the Kodak hat 😂
Yoooo, FUBU was the shit in elementary school. 

I’m white, though.
#fuckmitch
Did you go with commons or options? June 25/30 spreads look ridiculous right now
[deleted]
NIO Day 2021. That is all.
Yes and so is April 31c
i sold a nio CC yesterday can i put a limit order to buy it back for like $0.05 for the end of the day so I can avoid assignment?
Jobless claims should be fun tomorrow 🤡
Waiting on stimmy like 👉🤚
Get some CQQQ
They’re becoming self aware. Never go full retard
It’s the 31st in the US and the 29th in Canada.
[removed]
Lies
Boomer. Boooommeer boomer. Hahahaha
 BOOMER!!!!!
Don't do that.
I use HR block or QuickBooks and you can auto import it
Woah China stonk went dip
Fuck ark we bout to 🚀🚀🚀🚀
Yup there has been weekly for the last month if you’ve been watching that long, it hasn’t really held back the share price obviously.

They can only keep 10% in each holding, it’s been there for a while
I have several 3235 debit spreads for April that are taking good care of me. 

But idk im pretty bullish with apple. I think there's a good shot at another 30% within the next 8 months
[deleted]
The guy who just talked about someone firm dumping their shares 😂
Holy shit yeah never heard of it.
This is the way.
they probably dont care if its a negligible amount  - or if you lost money
A snack for shorts
Why do you keep deleting your comments. Trying to give you a good recommendation for your sour cream/ranch question

Add some kewpie mayo, a small bit of white wine vinegar, little salt and pepper and garlic powder
MAKRET closed tom at 935 am
You try to help, and this is how it’s received.  I appreciate you, btw.  Can’t fix stupid.
Biden would be the most investor friendly president if he opened the NYSE for a half day on Saturday.
I just did
Can anyone confirm this?
If you’re going to shill at least get your facts straight. GME is 0.27% of Melvin Cap portfolio; that’s 5.4million shares. They’ve increased their position x3 since their last 13F filing, June 30 to Sept 30. Who knows what they’re holding today, but if I were in their shoes I’d place my clients money elsewhere. There’s better places to park your money than betting against a company that has shot up over 500% in less than a year with nothing but incoming positive news for the next 2 quarters. BuT gMe Is ThE nExT BlOcKbUsTer!
A 6-1 helps folks who want to DCA but hate fractional shares
Sorry to hear man. It’s better to learn this now than later tho
[removed]
What???? They actually bought more. I check everyday. Yesterday shares was 1.2 mil and now is 1.3 mil. Where did you see they sold??
Maybe. Ask yourself this, do you ever have good ideas? If the answer is no, then this is prob a no too. If the answer is yes, then it’s a definite maybe that I don’t really care about so good luck
Do you already qualify for TTS?
Jeez this board is dead what happen?
[removed]
You’re literally holding a computer in your hand or sitting at one 😂
If you can stomach it, just hold for a few months.  One week some whatever is going to pump the shit out of it, it'll go to 25 and then GTFO.

I should have looked it up more.  It's a futuristic, cool idea but TBH it's gonna lose
He's /u/creditworthiness
So is it half day or not. You posted some link I am too lazy to click
Too soon man, too soon 😭😭
Anybody pick up some Tesla lottos for tm
Go to ark investment website and sign up to their email daily alerts. There should also be list of the etf holdings there or google it
I use my air fryer everyday!!!!
Because you only get thing one after you get thing two, it’s life... so backwards Dr. Seuss.
GME has my digits so hard.
Bowl games are Friday so that will do. Go Irish!
holding jan, feb, april 2021 calls.
Oh boy, are we giving out participation medals? I’ll take one from the GME gang 🏅
>because cathie didn't buy it so it must be absolute dogshit

-market
Look for "unusual options activity" that's professional speak for autism
I'm head sales at an ontario dispensary, and 1 out of 5 times, we are grabbing an aphria product, out of 100s of skus to choose.  I'm super bullish because I'm balls deep in the industry and see the inner workings, let alone the tilray Portugal leed play.  Getting aphrias 1 dollar per gram workers to train tilrays 5 dollar per gram workers, and retrofitting greenhouses instead of building new, means moon.  Not any hype timeframe, I mean 6 months min
Edit: thanks kind stranger
I trade using some option strategy I have no idea what it’s called or what I’m  doing.   It involves TSLA so we are good.
Bond market closes at 2. Stock market has normal hours
[removed]
Make it triple
2020 resolution was to lose 10kg. Only 15 more to go 🥲
I can only hope as I fkd myself with ARKG monthlies before the dip, down -50% on em but still hopeful
Do you have an expert level knowledge of foreign political economics? If no, don’t do it.
This is what I assume, I just want a nice dip to get back in
That’s why you should join theta gang
Imagine listening to children spamming that shit L
Just Google it guys market closed early tomorrow
Theta burn. I bought them too early, right before it popped to $24 and then came back down. Realizing that now but at least it seems to coming back up now. Still down $700 total now and I’m not complaining on one days movement, I’ve been holding for like three weeks.
What’s a fucking joke is A.) this post on this sub and B.) how people dumb enough to not automate their bills to avoid adverse credit situations are able to make $300,000 a year
Sold.  Write is the same as selling the contract.
Bought 680p at close
🤡🧨🤡🧨
Lol I haven't gotten the Flawless seal yet because I'm the only unbroken in my clan and it shows. Just get Succession from DSC with Snapshot and equip a stasis subclass these days.
Bond market closes early, but stocks are on a normal schedule tomorrow. Closed on Friday.
It means we’re going to Mars
But really I just paid off (1) credit card so when I get my stimmy check I’ll be back to where I was 20 minutes ago ☺️
I did read the article man. It states kids are a large source of spreading the flu primarily and hence we’ve socially distanced ourselves from covid restrictions. What happens when those restrictions lift? I would assume covid overtakes the flu in the future as a more prominent virus as it is now.
This again already?
Rumor worth buying. Whats the downside? You own AMZN? Your calls may print anyway
I sold with the 10% loss, better investments to be made tbh
I have a screenshot.
I’m not a smart man... but the DASH chart looks like it literally cannot go below 140....
Same bro we suck
Ok doomer
You fucking commie - get the fuck out of here
Both of those positions are gonna pay big.
I spend most of my time here so I might be retarded, but, I’m pretty sure stocks and options are not considered bonds...
[deleted]
Does a bear shit in the woods and wipe his ass with a fluffy white rabbit?
PLTR to 28 tomorrow just to keep em frosty
To everyone saying $AGNC.... y’all go check out $PTY and $PCI. Way better long term holds.
No dude. I'm dying to know, which play did you do that made you bank. I know for a fact you had one lol
Double limit down circuit breakers tomorrow
And If I do?
To retire comfortably 5-6 mil minimum and my house to be paid off.
idk man i bought a year gold stubs membership from AMC for $5
What’s the PT on this one? I wanted to get in
guh
Now you just seem to be confused. I am, in fact, a human.
Stock history. 

The only time in the last 5 years it went above 23 was the tariff and trade war and even then the price dropped a few months after to its normal rate. The tariffs go away under a Biden presidency resulting in price drops caused by the tariffs.

I don't have a lot in there because I can be wrong as the steal shortage is a real thing but the prices already seem to have this priced in.
sign up on arks website , they send spreadsheets with all their investment trading info
"OMG futes are dying"

Me 💤 😴
Ok
It did not age well I agree
Wow you’re a quick one aren’t ya
No chance, Ryan Cohen went all in on this because there is no opportunity to make money, thanks for the condescending comment though
The Qanon idiots would say it means they have to attack another pizzeria to get into a basement that doesn't exist.
Delusional
Now imagine you put $400 or $4000...
Just started doing research on genomic companies, anyone know why BLUE is trading at it's five year low while similar stocks such as CRSP have more than doubled in just the past month? This feels like a great value investment in the biotech space but I might be missing something.
[deleted]
You must know a lot of black people. They be living with their parents, with 10 pair of shoes worth $500 each, and designer clothing, then complain about being broke and how rigged the system is
Bust out the DD, tell us how their model is more effective than Sears. Anyone from Swallowy taking over?
if that's your thesis then stick with it and see it through too complete a successful trade. I'm just saying that you should use your own discernment and analysis as opposed to blindly following others.
Puts on Iran.
I've never seen them in the same room together
canoo seems like a snack at this price
yikes
I will sell you calls and drink your tears
Yea man
Didn’t ask, don’t care.
Looks like this wasn't the way
No it doesn’t you’re retarded everything you said is wrong
Always too soon..
Nice. Should pay well tomorrow and coming next week
Is it true that reputable unicorns (Stripe and others) wouldn’t want to IPO via the SPAC route? That would mean we won’t have any big names at all so it won’t hit $40+ I am invested and hoping for a big move but also not too sure about this
It’s a good movie/documentary. It has interviews and discussions with former execs and engineers from Google, Facebook, Twitter, etc. 

It should give you an idea about the state of data mining, handling of unstructured text, etc that’s been used by big tech companies. That’s Palantir’ main offering. 

These guys might not compete with Palantir (at least not now) but you should get an idea about the technology that’s been used now. It’s not bullshit ware. 

Anyway, the topic of DD was brought up, and I thought I’d share this.
I’m just amazed there were trades today at that strike/date.
Mega bucks
No it doesn’t. Don’t spread this bullshit
GME to the moon 🌙  💎 🤚 cant go tits up!!
Opens at 00:00:01.0000
ICLN 1/15 30c printing?
Sir this is a casino
He won a national math competition in China! He doesn’t even speak English.
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/mostwant3d1 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Nah everyone needs a brand new pair of Nikes every year dawg
Actual probably good advice for most
My Canoo position avg price 19. Lame as hell.
We’ve both been in it for months.  I’ve already got close to $1M in gains here.
Yikes
false
I didn’t say anything about debt, I said the fact that you have that high an income and no assets to show them ( like money in an account) also says quite a bit.

They do loans based on assets you can show them. They also do loans on you demonstrating you are likely to pay them back IE the credit score system. Turns out you cared after all it would seem.
Nurses have to sleep brainiac
How are we living in 2020 and markets close on fucking weekends and holidays. Absolute garbage.
Instead of spending it on the rich dudes calls just buy the rich dudes phones
Positions or ban
Need my gubment money
LFG
Not disappointed
futes crashing
what was that drop to 600k? was that in march?
so its drilling?
Peets is my favorite chain coffee but you’re better off buying from a local cafe
And my answer is nobody gives a shit
All the major short squeezes you would try to compare GMEs potential to like Volkswagen, or shkrelis were caused by a massive lack of liquidity. Something like that isn’t possible without it. A squeeze of 20-30% sure, but then it’s over. There hasn’t been a ridiculous short squeeze comparable to Volkswagen without it. 

Go ahead and try to find one.

I can’t prove a negative, that’s just a logic impossibility
WhAt ArE yOu PoOr?
🤡
What do I look like, some sort of fuckin clown to you?
play shitcoins, they are 24/7.
Yup. I always make sure to consistently win money. Try it some time.
[deleted]
Every ev is trading at previously impossible p/e levels, as well as many tech companies lol. Retarded.
Don’t act like you know what’s going on
Does it expire tomorrow? If not, who cares? SPY $385c 12/31.
Ok but would this make Baba fall in the HK or no?
Serious question, why is Gamestop going up?  What has changed?  It seems like people are moving more and more to digital purchases.  I was just at GameStop for the holidays and it was a virtual ghost town despite being just before Christmas.

Please explain what I'm missing.
Mods☝️
I bought gme just because of you fucks.
They wrote that entire article to just say Thursday full day Friday no day
oops me and my 15K shares accidentally gave you an award. #GMEgang DIAMONDS FOR HANDS
I'm just here to add to this guy's outrage
thats all you got? you ARE a fuckin inch worm. Hows that? Better?
[deleted]
To the moon!
Lol
PDT pays $0.0975 monthly. 11 shares of PDT ($14.00 per share at present time) is $154.00.
You really can’t be that stupid to believe you have to bring out a calculator on each and every transaction you placed. It’s almost 2021 brother
Jesus, that’s something my 15 year old nephew says...  looks like you got it all figured out kid!
[deleted]
Amazon too low imo
You and 100 million other people but get it right and it's a personal atm.
[deleted]
Here is a thought: 

fuck off
Ya. According to OP
I know for a fact you don’t expect us to read all of this
Time to stock split again and go for round 3
There are a lot of class action lawsuits like this and often ends up nowhere
Sir, this is a Wendy's clinic.
Si
But you want as much short interest as possible! Stonks only go up. Every shorter is a potential squeezee!
2 minutes late from the platinum train, 2 weeks in time for GME tendies
Bruh wtf I was asking a question
You are correct Danny, this is our Mithril🛡

You should work at the Bank.
No way José 

Z be cool don't do it! Instead...Embrace it
Its weekend here already, no its New Year.
Where am I and how the fuck did I get here?
That doesn’t mean there will be inflation. That’s a common mistake republicans made in 2009, caterwauling about how Obama was about to cause hyperinflation.  Turns out printing money at nearly full employment doesn’t lead to inflation.
oh that makes sense
[deleted]
Bora bora is the shit. An island surrounded by an island.
Curious to find out how to access the above info or on any other etf ?
Gentlemen we have a winner
**G** ET

**M** ERITS

**E** VERYDAY
Don’t think so. 2 days ago I remember a form 4 from the director came out. He gifted shares to a charity fund on the 23rd apparently. Maybe finvis isn’t up to date.
When you have more years of experience trading options than options have years of experience being traded.
Slick moves magic man
Mitch is a man of mans 


Don’t be jelly 

He got the bank roll and hoes in the telly
[deleted]
About to be $600 accounts
is it really a loss if you haven’t realized it?

do options “expire” if you don’t know what day it is?
the PLTR lock up is bullshit. the company is 60% owned by Thiel, Karp and a Japanese Strategic. Only 20% is held by VCs that would have to see some liquidation. I work in PE, nobody dumps their share on the day the lockup expires. It is slowly exited over the course of 6-12 months at the fastest. From the S-1, it is a cross-fund investment with some of the newer vintage VCs, so a lot of it will be held for longer maybe even 2-3 years. So you are looking at a sell down of 10%, 15% max over the course of 6 month at the fastest, but most likely in 12 months.

PLTR currently has daily volume of 30-60 million shares (USD0.8-1.6 billion). In worse case scenario which is 15% being sold over 6 months, that is about 270 million shares (USD6.8 billion). That is literally 4-8 days of liquidity over the course of 6 months, and more realistically over 12 months. It is peanuts.
Bought 3/19 35c for 4.65, feelin alright
Things that allow me to sleep while I have huge margin
This is Melvins brother.
sha...shares? like out the toilet?
Nobody gives a shit
Short it then
Market closes at 1 PM tomorrow. Liquidate your portfolio at 12:55 PM or suffer the tax consequences of carrying equities into the new year.
Once a day someone has to convert this shit to USD
Yah what else would you be trading?
I view dividends as a sign of companies that do not know how to allocate capital.
But my “theta gang is where it’s at” 😂😂😂
Tesla! Get yourself some short shorts on eBay
This makes me feel better when I’m down 30%-40% in one day
truly admirable you are running laps around $GME
Is it too late to jump in those hot chiense stocks? thinking of selling my baba and amd and ipoc leaps for leaps on some of those.
tHe TeNaCIoUs BeaRs. 

Every bear lost his balls in March when the Fed started printing moners. Your strategy works until it doesn't, theta gang is just there to make some humble gains in any market.
i think so
Yeah this. It probably will hit 1k again at some point in the next year or so. Makes me wish I had bought more pre split.
Consolidating.
i wish man. maybe one day
u/zjz smite him pleas
0 day at 700 ? that will obviously happen 

U gonna be dead
[deleted]
Makes me wanna make a blog
I thought that surfing whale would be more famous
Bro take a shower occasionally you neck beard
They both look like they just finished dipping, why in the world would you do that
Does anyone have any good nuclear plays?
If you send the link, I'll watch it. That market cap and multiple does look really low.
Why am i reading a jojos copypasta in WSB 

Oh nevermind i just noticed the edits
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/alibaba-investigation-labaton-sucharow-announces-195000164.html

How bad is this?? Is this what caused baba to fall slightly in the HK???
Grams gotta be active on this sub
When has it ever gone up 150%?
Yeah but they get mad when you call them retarded.
[removed]
f'en luv it
4 dollars better spent on scratchers
this iv is killing me rn. for a fucking day can we not go sideways
[removed]
And she’s not buying GILD because it’ll get taxed. Meanwhile Roche won’t get the tax burden because it’s not the one being eventually delisted.
They will be multiple shares ten splits from now.
It’s a big  game basically
[deleted]
omg no way
Full day for wsb.
Short day for /r/bonds
Yep the rest of the movie sucks lol
Wow, congratulations
Cuz its on pinkies
Yeah that was yesterday
The book. God damn it. My real retard is showing.
is baba drilling?
[deleted]
dude I bought 150 worth of ARKG a few days ago and am down to 133 bucks. Shit like that is so annoying.
Theta gang likes to pretend they sleep fine. Y’all really don’t.
Worried about lockup ending vs. insiders literally buying more.  Lol, no worry at all.
Yes
When did ARK sell PLTR??
Short term your chickens will be extremely productive and clean.

Longer term they will be featherless and wanking to trannie porn.

So I guess it depends on your chicken-raising goals.
[deleted]
I literally look at random tickers and buy random stocks and just today I’ve made more than this dude will in like 500 years at this rate lmao
Y’all got anymore more of those awards?
Peets is good stuff. Recommend
[removed]
That guy is an SEO genius. Five minutes to write that fluff and get that sweet low hanging ranking and traffic.
Yes, J.C. Penney market cap is only $46 million, but they have $4 billion in debt, so dont you dare report this post for microcap pumping

(This is a meme about Seeking Alpha article notifications, mods)
First ones free...
2500 shares @16 checking in boss
amazing dd, invest in a massive company on the cutting edge of technology, you really went out on a limb on this one

&#x200B;

they solved protein folding, that alone makes them worthy investment
Who’s the guy in the video

I’ll have to see if he’s completely full of shit or not
Probably the weakest catalyst intent I've seen in a while. But hey, my calls appreciate the effort.
Millions of downvotes for sure
[deleted]
Uhhhh buy high sell low?? Duhh... Imagine being the first one to buy TSLA at 750 a piece.
Ah....I know some of these words. 

But seriously #2 sounds super interesting. I would love to learn more about that strategy. Can you point me in the direction to where I could read about this. 

Are you going to continue business as usual? Or slow things down with funds and etfs?
XL 1/15 25c good idea?
Just ask your mom for a kiss, virgin
IMHO the fair value for a growth tech company like palantir... skip words.. $PLTR is 49.90. Meaning, $49.90 is the moon. Anyone remember NVDA when it jumped to the 500s? 

DaFuq, how is PLTR a 17 y/o company mispriced by the market? 

You watch them space movies where the government is doing secret shit with a CIA backed company and they need to make the books look a certain kind of way? These are smart, very smart people who need the money to do smarter things, but that means they need the stockprice to be up higher to fund secure additional capital lines for their projects.  

A LEAP with PLTR might be the best play; or FDs to try and catch the pop. Essentially buying the future with this play. $30 in january seems to be internet consensus. 

$NVDA 530 1/8 if you like living on the edge
Won’t effect leaps
Drilling
Still up if u bought at bottom fat bear
Market closes at midnight tomorrow
Fuck I thought it was Wednesday!?
I cashed out of those positions but Cathie over at ARK just loaded up on more shares so I'm still bullish. This is Chinas Google, they are working on all sorts of stuff including EVs
Ban
the give you tax documents that you can import into turbotax lol
Get a boat or boat club membership too 👍🏻
Still up if u bought at bottom fat bear
29 awards 7 comments only on WSB could there be such a ratio
No, it be a good time to get in. There’s a demand for TSLA shares
Ecstasy
Press F and you can outrun him.
Shit I could use premium who’s got an award for me too
Tmrw the stock will shoot up to $25 guaranteed!!!! You better queue that market buy or you'll lose your sanity
It's only something people with a lot of money worry about. I only know this because I work for them.
So open or closed?
[deleted]
It’s still way up p if u Bought at  bottom u jealous broke bear
[deleted]
It’s still way up p if u Bought at  bottom u jealous broke bear
Sandwich fucking slayed me
Fair. What autist doesn't drink?
bought 1dte TSLA puts so it should go up 5% tomorrow.

If a stonk is going to anally penetrate me, I wouldn't want it to be anyone other than you, Elon.
Tinderellas wanna be fucked - not kissed
They said it wasnt themselves. Idc who it is just announce q1 so my options print
Did you know your initials stand for Retarded Autist?
[deleted]
Retard strength is a crushing thing my friend
Holyshit, I made videos with these guys in college on they’re on WSB now?  2020 is fucking crazy
ReMindMe! 1 Month
Explain
You just floating this like you are you every other psth pumper?
The last day for tax harvesting was yesterday. 

Can still see uninformed investors shedding bags unaware though.
Did the mods make millions?
TLDR: click here to find out if market is half day
It was 2019, mistyped here
talk to your CPA
He is our friend. How dare you talk about him this way. You're a chicken...cheep cheep cheeaaeeep...
I’ve got 2x $29c 1/15/2021. Hopefully PLTR PUMPS tomorrow
According to Schwab only bond markets close early tomorrow.
$2000 ASAP!
Yes it is just tell them u gay bears
Lol
[removed]
Wouldn’t it be loading up on a partial share (singular)?
So it's up to retail to keep it moving. Sounds like a good time to get out.
How much did you lose?
Praying I find my first New Year’s Kiss on Tinder 😔💜😔💜
The OP is correct in regard to the system.  It is broken.  The FICO scoring system rewards individuals that have multiple revolving accounts. It penalizes individuals that are debt free with no need to have revolving credit accounts.
Only in his most recent piece has he stated his motive. Something along the lines of wanting to help people. If that’s the case why create all the other bullshit articles? I was able to find a [deleted post](https://imgur.com/a/EJ6GfUo) made before any of these GILD DD’s. I think that stocktwits guy who reposted the article is actually the author himself because this was before anyone knew about GripRoom.
It's only a gain if you're short the dollar.
Almost there brother
is 0dte AAPL worth it?

very familiar with playing 0dte SPY
Yolo’d all my shit into there. Let’s make the moon red 🇨🇳🚀🌝
A source who has a source ... Coule you be any less vague?
Can you include MSFT and DOCU to those uppies?
[deleted]
Loading up at the top. I see
I guess that my strategy is for my specific buying habits. OTM calls for one week from today.
1929 crash was a 23% dump in 2 days...  SPY 272 certainly would be exciting...  SPY 1/8 280p 🤡 should be more than enough time to turn .04 into 8.00.
https://i.imgur.com/KPwbjgR.jpg

What about these? 

🤗
Good to know and thanks for the follow-up!

Ticker is EDIT (Editas Medicine Inc.) 

I also opened a position in those AAPL calls but don't forget the catalyst is the ER. 

Wanted to do the EDIT call spread but I don't want to wait a year on it, and I don't think the July expiry is enough time for it to hit $125.

Good luck
[deleted]
[deleted]
Full
I hope this Big dick energy gets the credit it deserves
2 halfs? then a quarter on friday?
who watches the watchers?
No way dude split all your income between $35c Jan29 and $45 February. We gotta do this tmrw or else we will miss out!!1!!
Yeah and then I’d become a zillionaire free money go brrrrrr
I’m a little disappointed with the lack of FD and YOLO related content in Barron’s. I may cancel my subscription.
I’ll file the paperwork now
Uhh most banks will take a look at your assets and loan based on that. 

If you have 300K a year income and no assets and 590 credit score you are a high likelyhood to default person.

Sucks, but it’s based on statistics and nothing you’re saying here makes it sound like you’re good for it. Fact is, you’d probably gamble it on an FD and keep bitching they won’t loan you more money let’s be real.
[deleted]
I think it’s Congolese lmao
Beautiful, time to go buy some more options, im riding this dd to the top!
Stupid noob question incoming but does robinhood auto calculate my tax or do i have to go through each transaction with a calculator? i did like hundreds of trades this year. and it will be painful to go through each. i dont even know where to find it all.
[deleted]
For real Bro my friends and I bought many things on the Silk Road. Back when that shit was like $350 a piece
Taxes are based on the trade date not settle.
Efficiency > “hustle”
Anyone that says hustle is cringe. Not accepting extra money just means you really are fucking stupid. That’s 1400 more for 0DTE gme calls
lol
Any dollar in your wallet is worth fuckall than 1300x... seriously...
Thanks for the old news
Thanks for buying my puts
Hahaaa!

I didn’t see it, but I heard ackman was doing another circle jerk on CNBC today. What did he say?
Thanks guys. Good luck to all in the new year
In addition to what you said we know that 70% is owned by institutions. There’s no way they’re selling before they get their 2/9 warrants. This is not going to drop after target is announced
not as fucked as you’d think if you hold and keep a watchful eye. those a leaps bruh
Not looking good, hong kong market down 2% get ready to buy more
APHA shares will convert to TRLY shares at a rate of .8381:1.
Check the toll free Google machine
Did you read the article? It’ll tell you
Big sell wall at 700 today. Lots of work to get through.
Management said in their S-1 they predict a 43 year lifespan with current proven reserves but can easily grow as they will invest in exploration on the land they own the mineral rights to. That makes a base case of 43 years with more to come as they explore, which they said they will do
Havnt seen this shit since 2008...awesome
$50 PER YEAR
Who is your source?
Ban! This isn’t r/personalfinance fuck out of here
WSB stats panel is nice!!!
I wouldn’t say it’s a victim. Ark just plans to keep their funds balanced. I mean they could let their positions run but then it would have an outsized effect on their funds.
All right, then it's not like using the Black-Scholes equation, which *no one* would *ever* trade options without solving for.
For those asking if it’s a Half Day tomorrow... you clearly have Internet so why not Google it

https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.kiplinger.com/investing/602007/is-the-stock-market-open-on-new-years-eve-2020%3famp
[removed]
Roku’s market cap is less than Palantir’s
Market half day tomorrow or full normal day?
Feeling better about my stake now that both PRPL dudes are in it! I’ve been in since it started trading. I feel like it’s easy to believe it could be a non-sexy company, but the structure and the people involved still make this a once in a longtime opportunity. I’m hopeful for a splashy name - actually planning to add another 1000 shares tomorrow.
For anyone asking market is a half day tomorrow
Na, closed until further notice
pick up empties you can for sure clear that.
Those are probably fine imo
I've got an order for 1k at $18. LFG
[removed]
Lo there, do I see the line of my FDs back to the beginning, do I see my PLTRs and my TSLAs and my MUs. They do call to me and bid I take my place among them in the halls of Tendhalla.
With all the hype around EVs, how come no one talks about BYD? Their chart looks a lot like Tesla's.
Sorry bro I think the same shit and the only bags I’m holding are stuffed with cash

You effeminate little zoomer bitch
Thanks. Has it been decided yet which ticker will remain, or will both somehow persist?
I need to put on chain mail for my short calls ....F
Might rent a condo in Tampa and live there for a while. Orlando is nice but I want to be a degenerate and Tampa has better strip clubs and a casino
Take out the garbage and do some dishes first FUCK
PLTR isn’t going to be bankrupted like GME cmon. 😒
Right now I'm a gigantic red dildo floating down the Chicago River on St Patricks Day
Nice to meet you Yoshikage!
Loading up on Tesla partial shares, ill never not trust Daddy Musk again. 🚀🚀🚀
Meaning?
This is probably the most retarded thing I've ever said but it was because I forgot to sell at 170. Just left my app for a week on accident.
There’s def more stimulus coming
wtf is this shit? get the politics out of here.
most options expire worthless so don't buy calls that have a lot of open interest
not according to Futurama
$700 0DTE here 👋
Say something funny
Are people gonna mass sell tommorow
AAPL
How fucked are my NET 70c 1/21/22. Down 12 percent?
[removed]
Facts there are plans for it
I'm on RH but didnt notice any freeze, though there was a corporate action the other day that was weird
[removed]
They would've had to sell on the 29th if they wanted to realize for this year
Look at dem awords wowwie
I haven't been the same since September
Stop pls.
baba dwilling?
Yesterday I turned $4 into $193 on intel it was so cool.
You have no idea what you're talking about
what is? psth?
[removed]
That is because they are sharp that shit is 3500 pre split
Brother you have negative iq? There’s is always another buyer for the shares. Tesla to 1 million
I’m long GME, however the SSR isn’t in effect Thursday and Melvin Capital can push down the price again to end the year less horrible. I expect a big Green Day Monday. I may buy 0DTE puts at open and dump them by 1030.
Nice.
Pigs get slaughtered, I should’ve had a great year like the most of wallstreetbets. Now I have PTSD and buy Apple one share at a time lol I wish I was joking
so with my current spread (510/505 puts expiring next week), my max loss would be:

130 contracts x 500 (width of the strikes) = $65,000 if NVDA tanks to below 505 on expiration date since if someone has a 505 put and NVDA dropped to like 495 on expiration, it makes sense to exercise those puts. 

If it lands in between, that's when I start to lose money, but my loss is capped at that 65k which only happens if it ends up below 505.
Ya I second this guy. Don't even make 28k and I also have an 805
Amarillo by mornin'
I don’t know about that, internet points cross all socio economic classes. They know they’ll impress some retards and want to flex their trust funds
can’t wait for a green day so i can go to bora bora
Give me award
Oh yea?
I did the aapl and psth. Immediately lost 300 on the apple play but I'm up 90 on the other. I didnt do the spread because I don't even know what the ticker is
Eat my dingus retard
I Baaa Baaa like a mothafuckin sheep
Thats because I ain't no wolf of wall street
What if it’s a yolo on a banned ticker? Or some bullshit shrooms boom penny stocks that you made gains on
short position covering?
Wats happened
McRib been back since start of Dec, you need to up your Rib game.
My 40c 3/19 is hungry for tendies
I dunno... his bank seems pretty Sirius.
820 credit score, 40k a year, when I went to buy a house they approved me for 400k 8 years ago. Stupid as fuck because I wouldn't be able to afford it. No debt besides a house (cars paid off) live like your broke and pay everything off and they will loan you more then you can payback. Not boasting at all because I'm still poor as fuck. 

I'd rather have shitty credit and make 300k any day of the week. Just wouldn't never need a 10k loan. More money more problems.
Is it Monday tomorrow?
Persching?
Buy puts then
Doubled down right before closing and lost an extra 10%. Don’t care. Gang shit.
It definitely will not be Chick fil A. But if it was, I'd go all in.
Can payroll include what you pay yourself?
Small selling pressures.  Not huge volume.
Then isn't it better to just leave them untreated than to hook them on meth
It blew. Went on spring break last March and never stepped foot in class again.
wait there's a dragon ball after super?
So, is it?
Today*
Bro you always pay bill on time and u don't go out of the means, so  u won't understand this situation. You should also be on r/investing rather than wasting your time here. Paying on time and having money are two seperate things, lot of people miss payments. 

Our OP retard is apposite of you, he already has an expensive ass GF, expensive rental place, who know how much his expenditure is.  His base salary may be 150k in high cost of living area, he also might have missed some credit card payments. Once you have done that it will take couple of years and lot of work to get back your credit score.  Source my roomate which was making 100 k missed his payment and he had issues with credit for a lot of years.
[removed]
Bro you posted this and you don’t even know what it means?? Lmao
Aye but yday was a good buy day copped at $91
Lol yeah, we'll see. Not sure why you wouldn't take it seriously. This will be forth profitable trip. How many times have you been in and out of GME with 1500 shares each time?
I think stimmy direct deposits
fingers crossed we print.
Or is it delayed by a quarter?
Correction:  I miss 100% of the FDs I do buy!
LMAOOO
if another person asks if it’s a full trading day tomorrow ffs just google it some of you should not be trading lmfak
Quick get some of his DNA so we can clone him
So in other words TSLA is a victim of its own success and will face constant selling of shares if its market cap increases and goes over ARKK weightings...interesting...
Investing at least would have told you to put in VTI. Better than what 99% of retards here manage to make anyway.
Did you buy with your dividend?
theyd keep if they could, theyre only selling bc the price is rising and its taking up too large of a % of the ETF. i think theyre keeping it at 10% or just under
this word pasta makes me think of pasta and now i'm hangry. thanks, yoshikage. thanks a lot
If you sell the option, what would be the expiry date? Will it get replaced by the new one? What I mean to ask is, can you sell the option right before a day of expiry?
Name a mining company producing a product with higher growth potential. Neodymium is expected to grow exponentially in the future and the company has no debt with $500M cash on hand. They’ll be able to start refining to concentrates on sight to improve margins drastically and then be in a position to pay dividends, scale production, or acquire competitors. They can have higher relative valuations than mining peers as they will experience much larger growth
That’s true. They screwed me on salary for sure. I was a junior to mid engineer when I started and just scraping the “senior” level when I left. No raises or bonuses for anyone while I was there for a couple years.
God I hope this is true!
My company matches in January as kind of a bonus for those that stick around. It’s usually 3-3.5% for the year. My previous companies did their match on every paycheck.
No, it clearly is not, because you can publicly see it. The whole purpose of a dark pool is to trade in anonymity
Same
learn to tldr
yes actually because eventually losing turns into identifying when your option is losing value. if you can get better at that, you'll start to identify dips. then you just get good and buying dips and boom. no longer losing. until you can't identify the top .. but live and learn even Warren Buffet learns something new sometimes i'm sure
It takes 7 years for a late payment to be removed from credit score and you’re not going to be 800+ with that on your record.
Unlikely
Because if you hook them up with counterfeit pills they are gonna peck ur bloodshot eyes out
Thanks for replying. Ive spent 100+ hours (probs closer to 200 if im being honest with myself) on researching sony and i am so bullish. I think im practically turning japanese lmao. Their fundamentals are ridiculously cheap too. Only 125B at a roughly 15 times earnings. Jefferies Group head analyst in Asia thinks sony is a multibagger he said it right on cnbc not too long ago ill send a link in a min to the video.
Hi
you've pulled out 3 companies that haven't even started generating revenue yet and have cited them as reasons this company will fail. And you think I don't know anything about the companys competitors 🤣🤣 and yes I am aware this company won't hit 100B in the next year, and it is a stretch even in the long run, but it could.
Well if space X goes public....🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
I don’t know if any of you other idiots are messing around with ARKG options on a real broker, but if so, I have good news. 

The corporate action freeze ends tmrw.
Thought that was interesting. Love Cathie.
He could change the pic so he looks less like a cock but no he hold strong, Diamond hands
fantastic!
That is one cool pig
[deleted]
If they wanted to sell, they would have missed their chance. They'll just diamond hand until mid term elections
[removed]
[deleted]
[removed]
it’s stripe
That’s definitely the billion dollar question. My gut tells me initially buyers over the age of let’s say 40 currently stick with traditional household auto names that they have a long-standing history with. I think that the same thing that attracts young meme driven hype is what turns off certain buyers. My nephew may think $420.69 and SEXY are comedic gold, but he’s years from being able to purchase any new vehicle.
Anecdotally, as a 33 year old with a mid six figure income the only electric vehicle I have considered enough to test drive is the Taycan. If the infotainment stack had buttons I would have pulled the trigger , the test drive was exhilarating.
Ok looks like it's an shopping company like amazon but it's like crowdsourced bulk orders to get a better price
Looks like my 25 shares are about to make me a billionaire
Says you...lol
I think they want their stock to seem as unappetizing as possible. So having no insiders holding stock will do that. I can’t find many companies that are making the same plays. It’s fishy as hell considering the activity was all during their covid ‘boom’
[deleted]
milking those ETFs dry for all their 2.5% annual returns baybee
You BABA guys seriously never learn do yall LMFAO
That’s a bigger/better play then subway, right? But fuck subway is everywhere
Tesla going 700, fucking idiot....
[deleted]
Why is the time wrong on that clock?! It’s 20 minutes slow.
Debating to order this: newborn at home! Or maybe that "go the fuk to sleep one" hmmmm degenerate patenting choices
USD/CNH is the dip of all dips, and if that was the last Stimmy cheque then there's a lot of upside available here.
No BIGLY up
[deleted]
Congrats, you figured it out
ARCT bigly uppies tomorrow I heard cathie was buying it on her RH
[removed]
In general, yes. It depends on what % are actively being traded. What does tend to happen is, new buyers come in and will hold to certain price targets (personal and that may be somewhat dynamic). Once a sufficient number of shares are being held by longer term investors or people targeting certain prices, supply can dry up a fair bit and price can move more aggressively.
Just as easy to hold AAPL.
Enph gonna pop?
So in other words there will be constant selling pressure from ARKK if TSLA price rises
Haven't lived in China for a few years, I mean it won't die but Baidu Aka 百度 is notorious for its poor search quality and unethical ads practice, it won't die I think but neither will it flourish again unless something wild happen, the come back story of Meituan is rare.
[deleted]
Oh they're quick to collect but when they owe you they're worthless. Been waiting on 1000 bucks they owe me from 2017 and twice I've gotten a later stating "they attempted to send it to me and will try again". Mfers I never got a check just the we tried letters
😃 stonks only go up? I learned my lesson not fomo’ing into retarded wsb calls
Yes
That’s what I was thinking. But the last trades were in October so it’s not too relevant imo
are my pton calls going to moon?
If you compare Tilray to Palantir you're gonna have a bad time
No should I
[deleted]
This is either the best place or the worst place for someone like you to make money.
Thats how you turn over your wife to melvin
kinda late to ask for another 26% out of a 2.2 T MCAP company 

Just buy ATM debits on AMZN 6 months out lol
I’m wanting to unload on AMZN 😕
I'M ROCK HARD LOOKING AT THIS
balls in ur face hah gottem
Say what one more mother fucking time... i dare you mother fucker!
NIO
because they got tired of showing off their paper account gains
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [First Single - The Format   ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=irSF0OGDX5k) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=irSF0OGDX5k)⠀►►⠀ 2:57 / 4:26 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
[deleted]
Pow!
will the chinese stocks keep going up? is it too late to get in baidu and bilibili and qudian?
Underrated comment
I'm thinking about it. What play are you considering?
That would be fun
Speaking of fidelity, could someone break down the options page row by row? I got qualified but even after reading here, watching half a dozen vids. the ui itself just doesn't make sense to me.
Baba recovering in HK
Are you guys actually too stupid to realize this is a meme account
[deleted]
How do you do the Alexa play format
I'm a teacher and I really feel bad for anybody who is graduating, either high school or college. Those senior years are such a nice time and to get robbed of that is very depressing.
Pow pow!
We can always repeal that $2 trillion tax cut they passed a couple years ago.
[deleted]
Fuck you 

__PAY ME__
Wouldn’t all these sales and options being exercised be bearish? You’d want to load up if you were getting acquired.
Sears was everything. They even built a skyscraper. Bezo, Musk, Zuckerberg, Gates, Jobs, fucking bush league....
Whatever happens tomorrow, I either cut my losses and roll or take profit and roll into late February puts
Why the fuck would I give meth to egg laying hens lmao
Get it papi
Your max loss will be the distance between strikes minus the premium collected and will only occur if the closing price clears the long SP, so above your call or below your put, at expiration.  Early assignment can also trigger this but is very rare.
Yes, to keep the percentage of tsla in their funds  even, and to fund them buying the shit out of the dip.
I had launched a couple small apps at that point

Since then I’ve worked  on a number of successful things (one acquired, one tech stars and a couple others raised millions and still kicking)
I too am watching the Cotton Bowl
GUHHHH
I bulk buy the pods from COST. Best coffee imo 😬
How long you been saying “this the top” for? Srsly curious your timeline
Didn’t buy shares
You get a 2x bonus on any gains achieved tomorrow
Haha “NO” says the dude who put money and lost most of it in HERZT.
They have to keep a certain % in their ETF so they sell when prices go up thats it
Have you watched the Social Dilemma on Netflix?
How does it fly if it's made of Iron? I don't understand 🤯🤯🤯
Idk why but I want to trust this guy. He posted 2 years ago about NIO 🤔🤔
Heh. Spoken like a true autist
Markets bullish on dem senate odds? Or maybe just USDs continual downward spiral
Fake ass news due to settle time the last day for selling tax purposes was 28th
RSI is relatively moderate, MACD crossing to bullish trend, continuation is there. As long as we don't get fucked after premarket by profit taking.
At least buy something so it circulates in the economy instead of giving it to a rich dude selling you calls
No no PLTR earned it 🚀🚀🚀
what does that mean
Okay...
Cluckers hate the fake addy’s you get on the dw...you’ll have an insurrection on your hands if you go that route. Meth is the way.
Woah if PLTR takes off, you could make TENS of dollars.
Likely red tomorrow
Gordon Johnson
Yes
i've never won a trials match... much less even a round.  ... i'm on xbox tho. DAMNIT
Nah you can see the full thing on YouTube. He’s lucky, missed all the rocks & fell in some deep powder, and was able to get up & talk immediately after.
He sold it.
Autism is NOT a disability.
Yeah we all saw “Tiger King” them folk are nuttier then a squirrel turd
For all you noobs that keep asking if the market is either a full day or half day.... ITS A FULL HALF DAY
[deleted]
Extended day
18k in 370P 2/19 for me. Feels like spy will make a stop at 275 first
McRib is back yawl
It's up to your employer, not the broker, what is and is not allowed in a brokerage link account. Some employers allow it, most don't.
Weed stocks will explode overnight. Definitely worried about some other industries, though, as tax increases will be a given.  Then again, likely more stimulus, so who knows...  🤷🏻‍♂️
You’re*
[deleted]
fuck mars . lets go past pluto and into a black hole
Anyone like Peet's Major Dickason coffee?
So true lmao!!!
1,000 is the best I can do 😫
[deleted]
This guy needs to get his bread up because this is pathetic. $1 a month? What he owns like $500 worth of T or something?
Cathrine zeta jones ferda tendie sauce
Just a couple more years of shutdowns and stimulus checks and it'll be in your garage in no time
Well done. Thanks. These knuckle dragging morphospecies of superior beings like you don't deserve it.
ICLN
I rarely ever buy puts but that 3:30-3:45 pump was so suspicious I had to grab a few for the gamble.
why are all guys that look like this so cringe.
This sub needs end of the year awards like others. The Balls Deep-ist Move, the Retard of the Year, the best "I'll do X or ban me" that was actually delivered upon, the Phoenix Award (whoever rises from the ashes of a mega loss). Shit like that.
This dudes ignorant
[deleted]
We all end the year on the same day together, which is the the day that takes advantage of the most cash flow.
For $9k I'll underwrite you with my 828
IBKR will give you access to everything
Nyc?!
Which cunt is downvoting everything? probably bought puts on tesla
Seems like way to much work to make 800. I bought 10 spy calls a week ago and made 800 already. I bought 3 nio calls the other day and I'm nearly there at 550 profit. Your plan sucks sir but godspeed
Fuck yea. We going to smash through that bus
Feel free to DM me
That’s how stocks work yeah
Looking like another sell at open and stick a thumb up my ass until close day. 😥
He doesn’t wanna tell us what happened in the hot tub
Love this lol
i'd start doing a lot of drugs
Heresy!
SkiFree!
Appreciate the response - would love to hear from Sir JAL as well. How did you know he exited his position already?
You missed shitpost and that’s like 90% of posts here
Ss# and color of first car or mother maidens name or I call bullshit
Direct competition with BABA. 


JD & PDD are banking off BABA getting fucked by pooh bears small pp
Where the LAZR call holders at
Man this is so interesting, but also explains the attitude I’ve observed on the main coronavirus sub

Like the articles and comments aren’t on how we can best realistically beat this thing. It’s all doom and gloom and people having pissing contests about who masks up better than the other

No wonder the whole “there’s long term effects” thing is getting pushed now. Deaths are plummeting and the next panic seems to need injecting. 

But damn I’d never actually considered that people had such an emotional attachment to tyrannical government overreach
I have them as well bro. hopefully wont gap down.
I believe so
Anybody playing 0DTE TSLA credit spreads tomorrow or some other high premium options?
[removed]
Meh. Probably
Good, I have 3.6k in 370p 1/4
[deleted]
Funny thing about Roche. Cathie bae keep buying roche, she added 250k shares today and 453k shares last week to ARK. Maybe she knows something is coming
maybe he is in this thread and has already answered us
If it hits 3500 by January 15 I get 8000 bucks let’s goooo
And I'm still confused how you pulled 100B out of your ass when you obviously don't know anything about your company's competitors or history.
1/15 136c
We are ballers, shot callers!!!
Not shot putos!!!
You mearly adopted naked calls...i wrote them...
Yup they will know Robinhood has to file and submit to the IRS too
Market half day tomorrow or full normal day?
Nah, you belong..someone's 3 mill is another's 300.
This. I’ve been trading it for 2 years & I still get burned, but when it hits boy oh boy.
buy it
Gay
With RC’s expertise with e-comm, and his focus on impeccable customer experience/service, I have no doubt GME will moon IF/WHEN RC takes over

In Cohen we trust! 🚀🚀🚀🌕🌕🌕
Big uppies on aapl tomorrow
I understand if they are covered calls, the guy would be owning these shares at the time of creating the contract. 

What if they are naked calls? Educate the noob please. My guess is, he will have to purchase at current market price and hand it over to this guy. Right?
He’ll tweet from the cockpit of a rocket one of these days
BOOM
This guy is OG. He warned us about the GME train 1 month ago (when it was still around $16). 

> if you're going to get on the GME train you need to have fucking diamond hands. Don't bring that paper shit. Easy 2x-10x over the next several months & years.
Could sel off @700


Then it will cool down for abit and rocket up again 


Typical Tesla
CELH got into SP small so so stoked
Not telling you
Dont forget to move your RH account to a cash account!!!

And if you have another trading account, disable allowing the service to use your stocks for their lending program or marginal securities program so others cant leverage your shares to short
well that escalated quickly
You didn't even read my link. 

Nice dude
These cancun bitches gonna make me bust god damn. Too bad I’m an incel
Wild sell off before the long holiday weekend tomorrow?
Now that there is a new stimulus the market should probably continue to face ripping highs of 420
Do you actually know what you’re doing or are you like 1 year out of undergrad
Welcome to the party
I’ve been hoarding AMZN since it was a couple hundie a share. I’ll prolly sell some when I’m 70.
You’re still doing better than NKLA
Have a pity upvote. It's the only "up" us GME gang is gonna see for a while
i wasnt replying to you to begin with fuckhead. 

If you are this dumb, just give me your info, I own a brokerage and ill take care of it.
Then pay what you owe on the closed credit card. This isn't astrophysics.
🤡
Who's did?
I'm hard and green.
I think Google's 7 interviews
Papa theil please bless us with tendies
Damn, you could of got wiener in your butt while getting paid. You missed out
Hang in there, dude. It gets better.
Ok, thanks for the feedback; highly appreciated. In regards of risk and possible reward isn‘t buying such options of a fancypancy tech company with a market cap below 50m not a no brainer? At least with a part of your portfolio... Like PLTR for example having reasonable ten bagger potential.
I am thinking right now about buying calls for 10% of my portfolio which will be 2k... maybe 1k pltr & 1k hyliion.
Is this autism or just retarded?

Sure... just thinking about the selling strategy gives me stomach pain, holding this for months while having such a percentage increase...
[removed]
[deleted]
That's a yeast infection, bro
possibly a little bit of both
😂
Sorry misunderstood your comment. Thought you meant there was an option on the site to convert it.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Mitch McConnell is such a fuckin bitch
Don't do it!
I'll have some of the yellow. And don't get cheap on me!
Nathan for You was some brilliant shit, autistic AF.
He cums hummus
This guys close! 

Keep going!!!
Is USD/CNH the play? If no more Stimmy then it's nothing but upside, right?
holy shit.. i didn't expect to find all the answers in one post... but my god you've done it
GME $17.50 tomorrow by 1pm.
For 300k a year, you should have been able to buy a 100 AMZN shares over the years, and selling CCs would net you a few k a month. Thank me later.
Weren't a bunch of financial gurus on YouTube talking about a quadruple witching hour or something that's gonna cause SPY to explode to 400?
Lol 500k for a Lamborghini 

Use options with 500k to finance it 


GG
This is essentially another form of TA
Just Google "arkg adjusted option." First result is the info memo from theocc.com.

Then Google what a capital gain distribution is.

Then go get sponsored by a broker so you can take the series 7 and get learned up so all that shit I just told you to look up can eventually start to make sense.

You're welcome.
More selling than buying
Money to be made in chaos though
CRM
Why don't you buy puts on something that will actually go down, like DASH?
[removed]
In the basement? No she's the stripper in the boot of his car that he sent on his rocket.
Calls on gold
LOL have you even checked the open interest for the strike you hold? you think the banks are going to let a target that juicy get away from them? your calls are pretty much dead at this point
Today is the last day ever that AMZN will close below 3300
Look at this guy with money for TSLA LEAPS.

I want my child to predict TSLA's price EOW
You’re so close
Right, the Legacy Canoo shares converted to GOEV shares and some are not subject to lockup.
There was a massive share order eod today.
You can
HRC steel just hit an all time high in futures. Iron Ore is pretty much fluctuating around its ATHs. Cleveland cliffs (the largest steel producer in America) just hit it highest share price  in 13 years TODAY! I would argue its not done, it’s still going........ Just do me a favor and watch a handful of steel stocks, the whole industry moves pretty much in unison, to varying degrees.
yeah i sold this morning before the sell off got really rough. doesn’t look like another run up until january imo but what do i know
Boyz, I’m on vacation, why did stonks go down today?
Spy bears how yall feeling
The merger would be announced along with the premium Roche is paying. Let’s say GILD is trading at 57 and then Roche announces they’ll pay 85. Everyone will see that Roche is giving 85 a share (once the deal is finalized) and the price will shoot up to probably 80ish. The deal could fall through or there could be a bidding war so it’s hard to determine exactly what people will value the stock at. A few months later if you’re still holding your shares you’ll either get cash or a combination of cash and Roche shares.
Hindsight. You probably thought this was another TSLA
[removed]
This should be a defined risk strategy but can actually blow up on you if you aren’t aware of pin risk and hold through expiration.
[deleted]
Dont forget to move your RH account to a cash account!!!

And if you have another trading account, disable allowing the service to use your stocks for their lending program or marginal securities program so others cant leverage your shares to short
Been curious about those, what are the terms? Say you skip a couple payments, what happens?
you have cracked the code
Warnock likely to beat Loeffler but Perdue likely to beat Ossoff. That’s the sentiment I am getting here in ATL
15 $ put 😂😂 somebody pass what this dude is smoking
Question: Did Trevor Milton buy-up shares of Nikola before the stock cratered?

Answer: No, he grabbed every dollar on the floor before sprinting toward the door. 

ETF’s have recently started selling-off small positions—(ARK) it isn’t lost faith in the Palantir, it’s aimed more at what’s happening with the stock by mm’s. 

Mithril’s aquisition is to convey Thiels faith in the company. By purchasing an even larger stake in it. He is showing big investors that he believes in Palantir and is literally putting his money where his mouth is 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Happy new year!!
The Diet Coke at McDonald’s just hits different. Love it.

Maybe Sir JAL would entertain giving you an answer as to why this is not worth investing in, he is the one of course that exited share ownership within a day or so and had much more to lose.

My simple answer to you is to stay away from this and be weary of investing in SPACs right now without proper knowledge of how they work and how the acquisitions are being structured.
It’s time to buy _ calls
Sideways
Generally not for holding for a long period. But smart people also play weekly/monthly with leaps to reduce risk
Splitting up companies is often not bad for investors
i love vaginal hummus
Fuck shitty scam Chinese stocks and the CCP. Delist all Chinese stocks.
So they buy calls that won’t expiry for a long ass time and then they sell them relatively quickly for a small gain so you’re stuck eating shit with the time decay?
THIS is what I'm fucking talking about!! An **ORIGINAL** PLAY that isn't the same old usual suspects.

Thanks thanks thanks!!
I FREAKING LOVE DESTINY2
[deleted]
Yeah I mean it’s not actually a tough question and he kind of put together a nothing burger about how he’s helped veterans or some shit but that original video is just what I fucking hate about politicians and the social media snippets of today
My long dated calls love this
The one hill company controls 10% of the global market dumbass 🤣
[removed]
lol why
No idea... could be next Monday or could be in 10 months 😂
Keep me updated on how that turns out for you.
realized i still had 10 vacation days with only 10 work days left
Isn’t that all I was ever talking about?
that makes perfect sense
That's some Insanity Wolf meme material right there. lol. Hope you have a Happy New Years at least man!
😳
There is no Pepe. He doesn't exist.
[deleted]
Futures are lame
Can someone tell me how a company named “pinduoduo” has been at the top of Nasdaq for 2 days. What does this company even do.
Fuck yeah! Lost about 2k on margin with options, but at least I get a tax return due to assuming no losses this year for paying the tax man. Was great learning experience for sure.
B b bonds? What are those
How do I profit off this?
Dumb
Bought 4 shares of PLTR cause some retard on here told me to
You mean the book.
Why did ARKK sell hundreds of thousands of TSLA shares today?
Elon owns Gene Wilder's house too right?
That’s an amazing day 300 lost? 🤤
Of course. What am I going to do with shares with small $
Icln to the moon 🌙 ✨
Its super fickle tbh, it's really vague with the wording and it seemsike rng eith getting accepted. Just talk to a lawyer and an accountant to help you file
Nah he wanted to work me to death to get his app out faster lol
If you had just let him use your nubile body you would be rich
well as an insider all i can tell you is that its bullish
Dont worry its was retarded whole day! Am I retarded for having a hope that Chamath’s gonna land Rivian with IPOF?
It takes a special kinda autistic analyst to give BABA a $5 trillion valuation within 12 months.
Full day
I peed so hard I pooped a little. Nope. It was a lot
just buy amzn and hold it until you are rich.  its tradeable, but its sure a bitch to trade
Today was wild. Martlet flipped at half time
😂
I'm speechless... this is so perfectly math'd..... pulitzer prize incoming
Pop figures bro
Full day enjoy
Came here to say this
Think we’re red tomorrow? When were tax deductibles due
Sadly it’s true, while that chad is actually gaining money, even though it’s not much. I’m down 40%. I can’t even make fucking money over here. 🤡🤡
Yeah while past performance is something to consider, it shouldn't matter if you have a bullish thesis going forward. If you believe new management and the new political environment will be good for GE (which it will) then no need to worry. I mean leaps for 2023 are like 250 bucks and I'm inclined to agree, it's looking like a free money turn around play. GE still has super valuable assets and a huge boom coming when air travel comes back.
Ur the worst. Nobody cares about ytd
He wanna bone you
                🕯
           🕯        🕯
       🕯   RYAN COHEN   🕯
    🕯     I SUMMON YOU     🕯
       🕯                🕯
           🕯        🕯
                🕯
You mean the tsla top
You love to see it.
I’m surprised LOTR nerds aren’t pumping Palantir. Legit named from the movie.
VIX doing that shimmy shake on your ‘portfolio’ full of calls
Is it true stimmy is being deposited?
[deleted]
Just call the bank and get an actual person on the line and tell them you would like to get it reconsidered... you just got auto declined in the system based on score
Health care conference on the 11th
Joe Biden agrees.
Thanks keanu reeves
I’m staying in the market, but holding off expanding my LEAPS until I get a read for how the market reacts to the results
[deleted]
It's already net profitable?
So, the guy you purchased these calls from will have to purchase 500 Tesla shares at current price or will have to own 500 Tesla shares in his account if you exercise? This means he is massively eff’ed once you exercise. Correct?
EV stocks?
Sounds legit. I'm in.
I’ve thought about this a lot. I can’t make up my mind on how I think the market will react to Dems taking control
[removed]
If i buy these calls and they print i will suck you
My prediction is AMZN GOOG and NVDA split at the same time. ADBE could use one too.
why would i be salty about some moron who cant google "good brokerage firms"? Dude wanted to know the ticker - then you started talking backwards and like your Elon undercover, now you talking about lockup and shares. Stfu.
Hearing PLTR CFO sold a bunch of stock options anyone know anything?
[removed]
👎🇨🇳
So what’s their IP?  How about; 
DC Comics
WB 
TNT 
TBS
CNN
TRU
HLN
HBO
CINEMAX 
CartoonNetwork 
TMC
CrunchyRoll 
Not listing a few others and none of their int’l brands.

So all the Spider-Man, Batman, Aquaman, Wonder Woman, etc DC. Or how about all the Matrix movies including the new one which will be released on HBO-MAX.  Or how about all the Harry Potter content and you can now start to add the HBO and a fuckton of other movies and content.   

As per Direct TV they are selling half or all of it and they still own CNN but don’t be surprised if they are the first ones to move news (CNN) to a subscriber model removing all commercials. 

Netflix was the pioneer, Disney took it to the next level, Comcast (Peacock had to give it for free but just for now) and it took ATT a while to digest the Warner acquisition but HBO-MAX is the portal and decided to jump in the ring offer as much or even more content and even throwing in all their 2021 new movies. 

It’s soooo obvious it’s hard to see specially when it’s coming from an old school telecom company.  Then again ask yourself did you really envision Disney+ doing as well as it has in such a brief period of time?
Full normal bonds close early tho I think
Nah
AAPL has gone up forever and will continue to go up forever
Cathie is also a commie
No way, Gator don't play no shit!

Ole Z knows I'm just fuckin with him...maybe
Full, closed Friday
My sex has way less good hummus.
Gay
when is Bill ackman gonna close a deal? he's such a letdown
If AMZN dips back below 3200 I fuckin swear bruh
I agree. I'm long too. But it's not a good point if there is no useful information. With the current level of effort, people are what, just supposed to believe him? If it comes across as pumping, it actually does more harm than good. Think crictically.
You're mathing wrong.  Two 10x's isn't 100.  The x is a drunk plus sign, and you can't count letters, so 10x10x becomes 1010 which is clearly bigger than 100.  It's basically a retarded king kong.
Oh, there were two more. Fuck that place. It's not nearly as cool as it thinks it is.
Hired as a dev by this guy. Palo Alto guy. Divorced. Maybe 50. Was basically building like a neighborhood app (back in 2015).

He offered for me to go live at his place

He’s a chill dude but I was like umm... doing math in my head (divorced, lives alone) yeah that’s weird and made up an excuse. I’m not living in this guys studio apartment with him while I slave away on this app

A couple months later I saw his address on an invoice and googled it 

He Lives 15 minutes from Stanford in a 5M (in 2015) home with a pool, a view, and a reasonably sized guest house (probably min 2-3 beds) by the pool lol

FML
We should quarantine every winter.
compared to the one-hill company, right.
[deleted]
Beautiful
thank god. i hope you’re not kidding. you’re not kidding right?
You could have Googled it instead of replying with this same comment (twice).
What like Kroger?
No but I can go for a handy. Meet you in the back of the Wendy’s?
gets me every time
[Do yourself a favor and watch this ](https://youtu.be/SD7sw0bf1ms)
Holy fuck
Hi, 
DD=Due Diligence.
Hope that helps you
Sounds like cap
Fuck yeah Expiring tomorrow and all the way through 2023.
Nah I’ll hold out til Feb
This
[deleted]
They were never the same after the bayou bengals ravaged their tight anuses
Any reason why the the 01/15 60c have an 56k in open interest while all of the others that day have only 200-300? Asking for a friend
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/Far_Mortgage_6910 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Good, completely new era to terrorize bears....
I need that price tomorrow so I can get booty butt naked and roll in the profits :)
Truth. As if more than like .1% of PLTR meme lords have listened to their conference calls, dug through earnings reports, read all the analysts, etc. Plus PLTR is just too politically connected for me. Not my cup of tea, but that is just my gut not a 100 hours of hardcore DD opinion.
Hopefully we’re red I’ve got SQ and PayPal 217&215 puts 💀😳
What are we thinking? TSLA opens at $702 and ends the year $715??
You still co-sign or gty the card and they run it based on your personal credit score... you can’t  just open a new llc and get a credit card that you don’t gty
OP - try alternative loan sources - Upstart or SOFI - They put less importance on credit score.
[deleted]
We aren’t all on the same plan.
It’s actually $600 now
ban him.
I lol'd.
That’s how all we retards learned.
You wont lose your shares, they’ll merge into either or.
What’s the groceries to options contracts exchange currently at?
[deleted]
What about shitpost?
How does one prove that? You dont know me personally so you wouldn't know if its really me. It's not hard to get your credit up. I always pay my bills on time and never go above my means! I have my credit cards on autopay to pay full amount from my checking. You can take out a simple 5k car loan on your car, even if you don't need it,...yea u pay $5600 back but these tricks boost your credit. I just don't see how someone making 300k, doesn't have good credit. Think of utilities bills, cell-phone,  mortgage/rent? Like hes got the money why not pay on time. Hence why I dont belive it.

Edit: applies for 10k car loan??? Why he's making 300k...
Actually no buy $45 Jan 15. Its gonna shoot to 50 by then
Love watching the Jean Short Turds get that ass beat. 🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕  Gators!
Market half day tomorrow or full normal day?
That dude ain’t 220 he’s pushing at least 250+
Yes
A mismatch means a rejected return.
Grandma pushing meme stocks = top is in

So common sense says inverse that shit and load up on March20 $30C!! 

Autistic or Bust
Ya well better to get wiped out now than later on in life when I have more to lose
In other words, despite your strong income, you may struggle to pay back the loan.
You deserve it. Your patience&forecasts..admire you
No no. He’s got a point...
Another day, another ICLN pump 🥱
I do not post very often. But I thought I would give back. I have a source that has a source that Amazon will be splitting 6 for 1 in January. GLTA.
We also ride $PLTR tomorrow🚀 Several days of a low RSI and the MACD golden cross arose today from its deep dark sleep. To the moon, brethren🚀🚀🚀
What virus? I thought that was fake news.
It's just a quote from the movie Young Frankenstein starring Gene Wilder who Elon is a big fan of. Learn to google next time.
[deleted]
And I thought r/personalfinance was depressing
absolutely true. i am a carb addict. i have blood sugar issues too and carbs definitely fuck wit dat. keto and atkins work well for me...it's just hard to stay on. i'm a perpetual wagon faller. thanks for the input.
You mean boring? I miss volatility
[removed]
reverse theta gang actually. I want no price movement and then the value to go up.
Godspeed, Christian soldier.
if i have losses from 2018 i haven’t deducted yet can i still deduct those this year. i’m really retarded
Bro how do I get these forex bots to stop following me jc
I feel this. Made some money but that was bad
did you open the link? 😂
Can someone link me to Pinduoduo (PDD) price on the Asian Markets please.
i have a ton of stock and cheap leaps i bought friday

but all that matters to me is my one lotto $245 that expires tomorrow
Six hundred dollars. Each.
So unconsistently lose money?
LMAO Big Banks are a bunch of Gay Bears
Does that count OTC? Otherwise that number seems high? Unless they're all invested in microcaps
Tomorrow will be red, anytime we’re barely green like this we go red
300k a year and you have a 590
"Hey Jimmy! When's the last time you had a desk pop?"

"Mmm, September 08"
No way that dude is under 220
[deleted]
This is like the creature in the Ski Free game that eats you when you go too far.
Something is wrong with you! I sold 5k warrants at 5.8 in PM on a merger date! GL really, I just dont believe into them, that much! In my opinion, cars are ugly and there are so so many EV companies atm! 
I am still w8ing for Rivian! From all these fiskers/dildo vans/LI/solos, Rivian is only 1 promising! I am hoping IPOF or Psth is gonna hit them!
Anyways GL, also thats a grate position!
Anyone keeping an eye on this GA runoff election - Democrats are gaining / leading in latest polls. I feel like a Democratic sweep would want me selling off my stocks (except for weed, solar, etc.). Rich ppl are not gonna like the idea of getting taxed more (general wealth and corporate).
Been seeing people for years man, hard to believe it’s worth it. Go through the motions for everyone else, but damn.
Legitimate question guys if IV is sky high is it even worth buying leaps?
Look into their share structure. Thiel, Karp and Cohen already, and will always, maintain a majority of votes within the company.

My cursory glance is that: Thiel bought some common shares with his investment company (Mithril) because... you know... he wants his investment company to make money and he's bullish.
Try and find out
crazy how Tesla was on the verge of bankruptcy last march huh.
How is she
Options really fucked my sleep up best thing I ever did was stop playing them
WS never a good play. Steel is oatmeal
Can I get some advice on my AAPL play? I bought the 160c and wrote the 170c for September 17th which cost me $200.

I need AAPL to be up 26% in 8.5 months to reach max return which would be $1000. 400% gains with a profit of $800

Its a bit of a stretch but this only needs a 20% chance of working out to be profitable.

 im tired of doing weekly and monthly plays looking for something further out that can still yield a good gain. 400% gains from a 26% move on the underlying sounds good to me. Anybody care to share their thoughts?
Raw. Just gonna do shares on my account I don't look at every 5 minutes
Couple mill. You?
Yeah i guess that was more of an umbrella term, it's more data aggregation. But in reality all these programs are just fancy excel that make it more user friendly
[removed]
It will take them a while to reach out but yes they will know , with interest
Cathie working tomorrow?
Everyone keeps talking about BABA falling in hk markets. It fell 8% the other day in hk and then opened in the US at literally the same price it closed at the day before. Plus, hk baba is not equivalent to the ADR shares traded in the US. PLUS, they fell more than 30% from their highs. They’re the fucking Amazon of China dude. Sure there was a squabble, but at the end of the day, the CCP and BABA are one on the same. They’re pretty much owned by the CCP with the illusion of free enterprise. I wouldn’t bet on them falling much lower. There are better plays. Not sure exactly how long for complete recovery but that’s why I have leaps going out to July. Imma ride that shit all the way back up. Already up 35%
the key is when you’ve made half of the amount of money you were aiming for you take a break or only play with house money
I still have losses from last year to write off
Quantos hay?
Enphase is entering s & p
Bruh I lost all my savings and this fker makes 2m. Send me some $ROPE someone pls
[deleted]
Oh man, this has the makings of a months long feud. I'm in.
#Futes green, BER ded
[deleted]
You mean the top of the pandemic economy? I think the roaring '20s are just about to start

Calls on PLTR and Karp's hair
I was hoping to get TTS since I mainly scalp futures but the past couple of months, I started looking at trading shares of stocks and my trades per day went way down. I think they require 4 trades a day on average, right?
A guy on here a month ago told me I was retarded and said to buy SQ to make money. Now it’s pretty much my biggest investment
Buy groceries!
Yep me too. Markets been so fucking tough
u/zjz clap him
Thanks,I’ll check on it.
If it’s a metabank debit card you can buy a money order at Walmart. Or you can sign up for square or another service that allows you to take credit cards and swipe it into your own bank account.
Omg this post made me laugh out loud. Incredible.... never change guys never change
I'm trying to get a feeler on that date
I heard that shit is faster than USPS.
[deleted]
show me your proof. i'm still waiting.
Minimum wage is $12 in Oregon if you work 32 hours a week feeding fat fucks like me then you get 1.5k a month.  I fucking wish I didn’t have a mortgage and kids shut to pay for.  I swear to go once my kids are out of the house I’m going full American beauty and getting a job at fast food and just not giving a fuck about money anymore.  I’m going to eat mushrooms smoke weed drop acid and work at McDonald’s and have my house payed off.  You want to fire me for being a shitty worker cool imma go wash dishes at Pizza Hut.  God I miss that freedom.
I know 95% of their revenue last quarter came from current clients and they have been signing new contracts left and right since
i do both...but just can't stay on it. keto, that is. appreciate the input. thanks.
Known mistake on CNN. Even though it says USD it’s not. Use context clues people. How the fuck would analysts be predicting, on average, for BABA to times 10 next year? That would make it bigger than AAPL+MSFT+AMZN+FB combined. And you think the average analyst is just casually predicting that?
This is the way
Five interviews? Man that's excessive.
Leave me alone I just have to short baba. Have too
nah u don't contribute to wsb, hates to u
unironically like your sex
Dude go see someone.. seriously. Life isn't that bad..
‘Hey, I just saw Heat!’
Got my $600 an hour ago. Throw me some FDs!
[deleted]
VIX is reactionary, I’m being pro active
If I wouldve discovered this shit when I was on hard drugs I would've gone cold turkey to afford more fd lottos
This is wsb. If you gonna post this here at least give me some 🚀🚀🚀
[deleted]
Hold on hold on...I got JA rule on the line...
You're either pprl or sq boi. I think
Ehh, USA has the largest GDP in dollars. China has passed in PPP. If the rambo was allowed to float it might actually be attractive, but letting it float would pretty quickly crush the internal economy in China.
still government workers
Yep exactly. I feel like a lot of people missed it. My shares were bought on the dip that came after the survey
What the hell? Is GILD the retarded cousin if SDS and SQQQ?
Everyone thinks tomorrow is going to be some quiet end of year day but I think it’s going to be wild as fuck. Lots of money to be made tomorrow, I wouldn’t hibernate until the new year
[deleted]
It's basically like theta gang at that point
Brokers are trying to keep you guys from blowing your account in 1 week and you guys complaining lol
🚀🚀🚀🌜
Thanks; interestingly:

[https://twitter.com/MemberSee/status/1344389794865045505](https://twitter.com/MemberSee/status/1344389794865045505)

The guy who posted that tweet seems like a troll
At what point do you dick balls stop pretending you’re investing and come to terms with the fact that you’re gambling? Stop saying you ‘trade options’ and start saying you ‘choose red or black’. Like I do. When I buy $GME calls.
[deleted]
I figure if I missed something in my filings, they’ll let me know
Does anyone actually think GME is a good long term buy or just a meme pump and dump?
Lololollll real tho
My IQ was at zero a long time ago. That’s why I’m here
Aren't you already rich you asshole. I forget which play you made but I know you made one bitch.
What are taxes
thanks, friend
I most certainly knew that. She’s amazing. Great movie also
Was that tommorow or today?
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/baalKalakaar the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Fake
Ya I thinking this is a buy and hold
two dicks are better than one 🍆💦🧸💪🍆💦
Remindme! 12 hours
You deserve it for buying puts.
You're referring to 'The Greeks'. Google it and read up on them... they are the properties that affect the price of your option. Guaranteed 'Ah-Ha!' moment after you understand them.
[deleted]
literally says in your quote, “largely in part to all the restrictions put in place”. it’s from masks, distancing, the shut down, increased focus on hygiene - all lowering the spread of the flu as well as covid.
[removed]
[removed]
Because Chinese government isn't done eviscerating baba.  Seriously it's going to break it the fuck up.
Not too bad. Yeah, maybe buy more around here and sell those new shares around $75 to drop your average. Sort of strong resistance around that area so I expect at least a little pull back once it gets there again but a break above that should get it back above $80 pretty quickly. But selling the new shares there would be safer since it could fall right back down.
The fact that you have a 590 while making 300k should speak for itself. If you’re spending money faster than you can make it, AND you’re on r/wallstreetbets then surely the bank made the right decision. I am getting back into bank stock after selling out on Monday, thanks.
[deleted]
[deleted]
please set a reminder to come back to this thread in a year so I can laugh at you
I'm hopping on this
thanks for the info. I will short GME as well.
It's probably all automated anyway.
Yea, AST should be able to execute trades. Just make sure you check the transaction fee before submitting. Never used them so have no clue.
Yea man, thats all you require 🤡
[deleted]
[deleted]
I'm gonna ask you a question. When you came posting up in here, did you notice the sign on the frontpage of WSB saying 'Dead Bear Storage?' 

You know why you didn't see that sign? Cuz it ain't there, cuz storing dead bears ain't my business!
I’ve filled my tank 3 times since march. WFH has killed the gas card 😭
It’s been 7h truck hasn’t hit yet
unlikely to see 30 until after 1/15 because of that massive open interest
how is it the top when we just passed stimulus and more is coming? fed balance sheet will be expanding, money supply skyrocketing, lots of dumb bears shorting everything, top will be in 2022
This was me pre earnings report. Slowly watched it drop for days and Finally just gave up at -45%.  Luckily I was playing small amounts to learn, yeah right learn.
You know that shit is done with computers, right?
Day 3 to be precise with 4 days left in cruise stuck in middle of Bahamas
last day to cash in your losses as tax deductible for the year. thought all you guys would be playing 0dte wtf is this about February expirary 🤦🏼
Yes
try this! https://finviz.com/quote.ashx?t=gild

The part you want is under the news and income statement. the "insider trading" portion.
Yes
Well done
Just homegrown homebrew hash, come on up to Maine and have a toke son
Lol this was funny.
Sept wiped me out and went from $30k to $3k. Now back to $13k. Market hasn’t been the same since
When Palantir flew me to Palo Alto for my like fifth interview in the process, I had incredible hummus at Oren's. Everything else about the trip was underwhelming and disappointing.
You should be asking different questions with this information but at least you are aware of the data.
Found G. Kennedy Cuck's. Now go behind the dumpster and give me head
Year end selling for tax loss harvesting is over.

I think the only short term election risk to the market is some sort of verified fraud, or excess uncertainty in naming the winners (more than 3 or 4 days). I think  both of those are unlikely after the presidential shit show, and we have a situation on our hands where the market could pump no matter who wins. I believe the odds of at least one Republican winning a runoff is 80%.

Both republicans win: business friendly regulatory environment, corporate tax certainty will broadly lift the market. Gridlock is good for big business.

One republican wins: technically the R’s still hold the senate and the above scenario would apply, but the narrower margin will probably mute the response. 

Both Democrats win: stimulus to the moon! Buy now, pay later! Taxes *may* rise, but $2K is in the mail. I think the one surefire hit in this scenario is EV and clean energy...especially with the recent pullback. So that’s my hedge in case growth and value don’t like a blue senate:

Short dated (1/15) 30 delta calls on:

SBE
XL 
ICLN 
etc
Two can play at this game
Ath is like 280 or something
[deleted]
Nah just of if a ticker is trending you missed the entry
Future is no student drivers cause every car is a Tesla driven by FSD 🤓
cmon tell us what happened...
Relax. Converted price still higher than US close
I’m pretty sure the way they set up the palantir voting structure guaranteed it would always be under the founders control. That was part of the original controversy surrounding their direct listing, if a fund bought up a large share they wouldn’t necessarily gain control of decisions. If Daddy Thiel is buying it’s for tendies
I read “ buy a Shit Ton of GME stocks on a red day”.
Here, you earned this 🚀
[deleted]
Its in dollar man
Why is FDX DEAD
Both inches?
[deleted]
[removed]
Do companies 401k match their employees contribution tomorrow?
What!?!?
Breaking news :

Lil yachty drops a new album 
Collab with lil pltr
Fucked if ya do, fucked if ya dont
It ain’t worth it brother. You don’t know me but I’ve seen what’s on the other side. We all have our reasons to stay here, fucking find one soldier.
It's in dollar man
Dividends are nice, but lol you can make more selling weekly 0.02 covered calls/short puts (33 cents per expired option less commissions) than this guy. Or literally any other fucking trade.
5/21 $312p is $600. Perfect place to put your stimulus
Fully half
What currency do you think would take its place? The rambo is pegged to the dollar, it would crush the internal economy if allowed to float. The Euro might could work, but they would need to make progress replacing SWIFT, which they don't seem to be chasing. Yen and Pound I don't see since their economies are too small to really give it stability.
Thiel and Karp dick swing ftw
Talse
You better watch your fucking mouth smart ass
Why ?
Lul
So literally go fuck your self 🤔?
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** DD: GME, E Z CLAP, 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀

**URL:** https://redd.it/kneq0g
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=kneq0g) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/JeffreyDoe, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
Thebush121
Midaswhale30
DeliPolat
ribru17
poorcollegekid12
WhackIsBack
[deleted]
[deleted]
3/4 of the retards that post gains here are unrealized and then they lose a chunk of it trying to diamond hand until the ultimately panic sell.
Make 300k but apply for 10k loan... at least learn how to lie right. Maybe ask daddy Trump for advice.
You have to call them  ask for the it.. they email you the options application..: answer in 2 days .. only levels 1&2
literally dropped when u said that. fuck u
Markets always open
Did TD app font get more bold/larger?
Exactly. At first leave bread or some other carbs out that you'd normally eat. You'll probably start losing weight just from that.
You losers are going to lose your whole accounts over GME. The store is completely fucking trash
Lake house dude
I just made a mess in my pants. Thanks.
Think BIDU will see $200 again?  Something tells me this is going to be the next Tesla.
Even if WSBets owned 5% of float, they’re most likely to sell if the MM pressure the price down.
I can barely see this. Can you clarify?
The more popular the ticker, the more likely you get fucked with by MMs. True or False?
And deal with a shitty tenant calling you at 1am because they had too much Taco Bell and their shit is plugging up the toilet
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
Personally, I just think GE is neat.
[deleted]
Nobody tell him
Yes
and yes the australian company also got us funding, but they have a tiny tiny share in the market and will not be a large competitor in the global market.
wow. I have my Fidelity margin rate @ 8.25%. im getting rocked.

Yeah, Fidelity approved me for margin but I can't straight up buy a call? wth
Isn’t that because the market started realizingTrump would lose the election?
I'll have some of w.e you took
my man
These fucking assholes have been robbing me for 18 years. Fuck whether or not I need the money. That's my goddamn money. But you right with the rest of your comment.

 &nbsp;
#    [DOWNLOAD MP4](https://savemp4.red/?url=https://reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/klhwus/bulls_vs_bears/ghkfntq)   

&#x200B;

* Sound: **ON**
*  Size: **20.22 MB**
*  Duration: **67 sec** 

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

[Feedback](https://www.reddit.com/user/savemp4bot/comments/kgtir3/feedback/)
Before or after the blip?
Probably buy the TSLA dip.
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
Life it great!

Really it is!

Definitely!!
This news about [Mithril Capital being cleared](https://communicationsdaily.com/news/2020/12/31/Antitrust-Authorities-Clear-MithrilPalantir-2012300010) to buy Palantir heavy news or just regular stuff?

Thiel owns Mithril Capital by the way.
That's a given, how many women are standing up at home?
Lmao, Holy shit. I'm hoping this was at the end of the cruise and not while still stuck on the same boat in the middle of the ocean?
I’ve been selling puts to these guys. I appreciate their business.
did u know oscar winner, marisa tomei, shows her tits in the movie, the wrestler? they are spectacular
I remember back in the day when I used to buy coke off Silk Road. Damn looking back one bag costs fucking 50k
Hmm
>It's just like any other job. You are paid according to how much the organization can leverage your skills and knowledge into profit.

Considering the performance of most management firms?   


Yes.   


Vast majority of investing consultants are literally no better than the market.   


Why did you think people were on wsb? this isn't /r/investing. WSB is honest about what it is: gambling. That's all it is for the vast majority of people, the "pros" included.
It’s true
Yeah? What do you know about them?
Name me a SPAC that traded below $9 when NAV is $10?? I'm still waiting
Hey I made $2.90 on CRM today, it didn’t go down 😎
Nah they're my friends they give me eggs
Don't do that. Otherwise I'm going to sell my Pltr 1/15 $40c
GME is still downsizing tho. Closing hundreds more stores this coming year and that will Add up to over a thousand closures in the last couple. Hardly a Cinderella story.
[deleted]
Lost 40% of my portfolio buying PLTR calls near the top and I'd rather do that again then to have only made a buck a month
In all honesty and politeness, cash out everything at open tomorrow!  To learn options, read a lot and watch a lot of YouTube videos.  THEN, invest an amount that you personally would NOT consider significant.  Then lose it all while learning a lot more.  Then invest another amount that you personally would NOT consider significant.  Then maybe break even for a few months.  Then, make a little profit.  Then, invest an amount that you personally would consider real money.
[deleted]
Everyone buy GME $40 Jan 29 if you wanna me a millionaire :^) no way the stock tanks
Sony July 110 calls. Gaming in full blown bonanza, streaming has returned music to strong growth after a decade of limewires shit, and they also own 50% share of smartphone image sensors including being the sole supplier for apple. Plus their own smartphone division is finally profitable again. Sony is like the king of operating in duopoly and oligopoly markets. 

And as a potentially balls tingling bonus... They are street testing a Sony EV in Japan as we speak. Youtube the Sony Vision S, shit is dope.
His gf is high af making him post her enlightened thoughts.
What?
You could have googled instead of typing your question! (Mic drop)
Yo
boomer boomer booomer... so fucking hilarious.
It means your wife and her boyfriend already make money so you don’t have to
[deleted]
Yeah but it’s good for the lol’s, and it has convinced me into a few riskier plays which I wouldn’t have done otherwise, and might pay off. I’ve researched and am down to throw the dice on a few of them. Time will tell, but I am appreciative of this community and hopefully profit from it!  Time will tell.
[deleted]
So the only reason to buy is because it’s got Virgin branding and you don’t like Branson? Why buy this at all then?
I would literally never sleep with 24 hour options.
Just bought a measly 100 HIMX today. Might buy some feb calls tonight
Puts are a hellvah drug...
It's genius. Just short every stock you think you should buy. I mean it even makes some sense, you can't consistently score a zero on a multiple choice test unless you know the correct answers.
Not too late to pick up a drug habit
they went public to dilute the ownership of the Chinese investors, but the money was raised for a reason, and the reason is to control the mining and refining process. I'm still confused why your thick skull thinks a company that has just started to do one of those things is better than one that's been doing one and is starting both. it makes zero sense.
Only if you forever wear a mask and restaurants are forever shut down.
Downvote if you think I’m cool 😎
This place is like a mental hospital where everyone is running around crazy with their cell phone / robinhood app and were able to run up GME stock to the moon.
Lol wrong forum to get any reaction to $300 loss

That's a good day for most here
https://money.cnn.com/quote/forecast/forecast.html?symb=BABA
Order some for me while you’re at it
Dang I see now. I bought calls on the 28th for 1/15 and 2/19 so I got fucked unless something bounces .
Your IQ going to zero tomorrow. Don’t get caught for jerking off in in front of kindergarten kids
[removed]
🐑🐑
[removed]
That dude has anger problems.
Anyways... So who’s fucking who?
They’re already tanked. Northrop is near its March crash low for some fucking reason
credit report screenshot or ban
It was the top when brokers went zero commission...
Someone has a ban wish
Are my UVXY FD’s fucked tomorrow or what? I’m praying for a big dump in the morning
Count calories. The all or nothing approach is dumber than fuck. Whenever I hear people say they go on a diet they say “that means no burgers, no pizza, no ice cream, no fries, no donuts, no tacos, no......”. Well guess what happens after two weeks of cutting out the foods that bring you joy? You relapse and just back on your bullshit. I am in very good shape but I eat all that shit. I know how many calories I eat and allocate enough to eat what I want. Another reason for counting calories is fat people have no fucking clue how much they’re eating it’s almost funny
Mis read perhaps... I was going to sell you some, but it looks like you have already bought.

It’s okay, I’ll find another sucker :)
Explain like I work at McDonalds, because I work at McDonalds
Isn't that the preferable outcome?
We hold calls here
I've started selling April 75$ covered calls and it's crazy how quick they are selling did 400+ a pop. Got a really good feeling about next year
I'm actually a hermaphrodite so you'd only be half gay.
> should of

You probably meant **"should've"**! It's a contraction of "should have".

---

^(^^bleep ^bloop) [^I'm ^a ^bot.](https://redd.it/f4qmb7) ^If ^you ^have ^any ^questions ^or ^I ^made ^an ^error,  [^send ^me ^a ^message](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=couldshouldwouldbot&subject=Question&message=Write your message here :\)%0A%0A---%0A%0A[Link to comment](https://reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/knamor/for_everyone_asking_for_more_information_on_what/ghkfgfy/\) "Click to send a message")^.
[deleted]
DBX
Xi is doing to jack ma what Epstein did to those girls 😔
Lessen your expenses, drop the gold digger, move to cheaper housing.
Well, Apple didn’t want to make an iCar after all.
You forgot to put up your blue lives matter bumpersticker bro that's a warning and have a good night
[deleted]
If no one ever said baba again in my lifetime, that’d be good
I mean, yeah.. everytime i plug in current environment variables into theoretical option price calculators, the result is always way off..
wow rude
[deleted]
IPOF 🚀🚀🚀🚀
Link?
She always sells when it goes up. Still holding a shit ton.
Should of wrote Theta Gang on that dollar 😂
Maybe
just delete your account and it’s fine
is this not the proper way?
Ugh I am not looking forward to another long ass market less weekend

May have to do some sports betting just to stay sane
My love story with Tim 🍎
get a better ho, expensive gf are worst
Too much shame
Hire a lawyer. Wee bit more expensive. But if you sped in a school zone they’ll save you
[Why Flu Cases are Down During a Massive Pandemic](https://www.healthline.com/health-news/covid19-is-surging-but-flu-cases-are-down)

“Flu activity remains unusually low this year, largely in part to all the restrictions put in place for COVID-19.”

This article makes it seem like the flu is nonexistent. Will flu numbers forever be down because covid is more deadly? Not really here to spread fear I’m just curious if we phase the flu.
Lol are u gonna eat the chicken afterwards
I only fuck lesbians
[removed]
Remember that the market can stay irrational longer than you can stay solvent
Chicken = twink?
Translation: I like to be poor, because having money is a bad thing.
bruh FDX fucked my shit up like 2 weeks ago.. is it still trending down?

wtf
[removed]
what you do for work
Well lost 9k this week 25k total
Peace out y’all. I’m out.
ARKF & ARKG for me. G moves fastest but I like the exposure to a broader range of stuff like TSLA in F, and it climbs steadily.
It was that guy 👉
wHeRe is JAH??
They are so far away from being a competent 21st century business I’m not even sure uncle Ryan can save them.
[removed]
Lol, $300k a year and declined?  Did you ask a drug dealer for a loan?  I’m being serious, since if you are making that kind of bank you should have something of value the bank can cease if you rebuke on payments.  That’s the only reason they would deny a loan that small.
I literally told the in in-laws to go fuck themselves
I would totally buy waffle house after all the hype monkeys scrambled to get out and knocked the price down to something reasonable. 

I bought at launch but got out recently because the markup is stupid high and it's smarter to take a guaranteed 25%+ profit for a couple months hold and buy in later if there's a good sale.
There is a twitter account that posts them.
If your options work out less than 1 in a hundred times you may need to find a new hobby. O_o
Wouldn't breaking up google lead to better combined prices of individual unit stocks?
so many baba cockriders. Atleast look jack in his eyes when u cum
BIIB 1/22 $500c @ $4.50

Cross your fingers and pray that aducanumab gets FDA approval in March (or earlier).
Expert cryptologist here boiz we goin to deep space 9
yes
I’ve got some SQ and PayPal puts think they’ll survive tommorow will be red right
I’m unfamiliar with that letter “P” next to your MT position. I think it’s supposed to be a “C” because MT is going to the fucking moon🚀
Nope, I will also enjoy watching MGNI go to ATH.
Same
Haven’t sold a single share or warrant since my previous BangBus DD post. Proof on the bottom of the post.

https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jzioed/mega_dd_bangbus_ev_going_public_everything_you/
Yep
It's a long play, they will be back in February
You know about IIPR?
I actually opened an s corp to help offset my tax exposure and set up trader tax status
/unWSB 


It takes big guts and tiny brain to trust the ccp to hold your chips
Full or half day tomorrow?
He really is being a bitch about this
[removed]
PLTR
Rolled over into call leaps last week. Have some February VXX puts though.
I'm not, these chickens I got just can't seem to concentrate on anything and I'm thinking of ordering some online for them
I also learned that Batman patterns make stonks go uppity
Still holding
I am here, still collecting my cash every day
Dude let’s be real, it ain’t gonna pass
[removed]
would you fuck me though I actually have had such a dry spell lately. 

🐻🌈
You don’t need to even leave this sub to find it. They got blasted by a couple people on CNBC today and there’s a whole forum on it here. And there’s more in the wild if you wanna do your own dd. 

https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kn2wyw/lets_prove_this_mf_wrong/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf
🤡
[deleted]
Don't forget all the bullshit  safety and community and court costs
40+. Biden administration gonna help it out.
Serial downvoter is back. Guess they're done jacking their tiny 🅿️🅿️
[deleted]
The original with James Caan much better movie!
But this one scene IS awesome.
looks like run of the mill mind vomit..  see below lol
[deleted]
That’s messed up fuck them 🐖s
[deleted]
Sir, this is the unemployment line
Only if they catch you
wonder what Ja Rule thinks about PLTR's prospects in 2021 🤔
goddamned it baba

someone get the ceo of china on the phone and explain to them what to do with dips jesus they're hopeless
I can see it now in my mind’s eye. At 11 PM pacific I will check GME pre-pre market on Markets Insider. 

It will move so fast. +3%, +5%...+20% 

My FDs will be saved. Retards shall rejoice.
Famous last words
It’s going to $40
Stop taking stock advice from Chinese News Network.
8-10k in a month is pretty damn good for a delivery driver dude
Makes sense to me, thanks.
Get a secured credit card, and just use it for gas...pay it in full every month.  And you'll be at 850 in no time big guy!!!
Paystub or ban! Calling bullshit on 300k. I make 28k a year and have 805 credit da fuk!
I swear majority of Tik-tok’s posted here aren’t funny
Some old guy in Georgia testified that dominion voting machines that aren’t supposed to have WiFi capability have WiFi and his people have hacked them. Broader implication is 4 more years of 🥭. If you think that won’t fuck with the market at least in the short term I’ve got a bridge to sell you

Also it’s a 2 minute video you lazy fuck
U boyz holding calls or puts Into Monday?
I tend to agree that a major car company will have fewer issues with things like "door handles not opening when its cold" or "body paneling misfit" or "logistics backlogs" like Tesla. But they will probably have their own battery / drivetrain related issues for the first few generations that Tesla has already worked out.

I'm glad Ford is making the leap with a major model, VW and Toyota have been taking their damn time.
Europe doesn’t exist
Not like most of us aren’t constantly throwing money at shit with worse odds
Why you taking adderall?
Better yet. Sell TQQQ puts.
🤦‍♂️
Love you like super duper really big long time u/zjz!!

PLTR ARKG QQQJ CRSR THC🐝 and something that rhymes with DIK
🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
[deleted]
1.6
You're thinking too much. Just pick a random stock and random strike price and you're golden. Also, make sure you never buy puts.
Im doing good
I agree. My money is on Bloomberg. Which would still likely send it to the moon. I can still dream tho. I just went all in with my roth on PSTH today and feel great about it.
Shit, been living wit this for years. Now I’m here.
No worries, carry on then
Man fuck speeding tickets. $336 for going 25 mph over? I thought this was America!
You’re gonna need a permit to move there which you won’t have any money to buy because you have FDX and CRM lol
There is no end in sight to the financial dread.
Yo. Before you do that try flying a small airplane, if you want to die at least go with that with flying under your belt. Or it might change your mind. You never know but that’s the hammered pilots advice.
All we want is a stock split Jeff bezos it’s simple
What’s your exp date on PSTH. Calls are a risky game on a SPAC. 

I think the pump today was just cuz axons. Was the story of the day in CNBC. But maybe they’re close to a deal
Pltr. 1/15 at 36$ sell?
You’re the stupid that needs to borrow 10k... stupid

Edit: Yor*
Fuck the credit system. Always loan from the mafia, no credit check, no history, nothing.
Not many people have $31,000 to sell a single put on an extremely low IV ETF. 

Hell, you barely get 1% return on capital for a weekly.
the media is in on mass psychologically fucking people so the funds can take your money. be smarter then those so called experts by parsing through the bullshit and generally do the opposite of what they say the next day after some 'news' is put out there
All you really need to know is that at expiration every $1 the stock is more than your strike price you’re up $100
Yeah I haven't seen anyone talk about how the lock up is going to effect the stock price. Hopefully it dips for a nice entry point
This dude games
He should be shorting Hair Club for Men. GME 🚀🚀🚀🚀🌙
Sorry, I didn't read 168 comments to see what he might have said.
Yeah this is horseshit. Theta gang sweats plenty.
Cathie said most likely ARKG for 2021.
Interesting but VIX not caring means I’m gonna have to find a good reason to take this seriously as a catalyst
.. wow, and i thought *I was* depressed..
Feels bad to end negative with 1 day left and nothing to do as you watch the day sink away
Awww thanks and fuck you too! 🇬🇧🚬
87 Please fly again
I would bitch about baba dropping to $230 but im not an emotional bitch and just gonna ride out these $305 contracts
Let me get uh uh numba 1
Why the MT PUT?
Just imagine that you name your hedge fund after your grandfather to honor him. 

Then 1.7mil autists constantly make fun of the name Melvin while costing you millions of dollars. 

GME 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
[deleted]
I think we’d see $100 pretty quick
All the rocket ships
just merge it with tesla
Already maxed out, to buy at a dip I gotta sell at a dip.
Well done sir!
Dont forget to move your RH account to a cash account!!!

And if you have another trading account, disable allowing the service to use your stocks for their lending program or marginal securities program so others cant leverage your shares to short
Lmao what is he talking about, when does compound interest get rolling? Lmao wtf does he not know compounding is a function of mathematics? He doesn't even say what he invests in. Wtf man. A true actual retard.
Market going to zero tomorrow.  Don’t get caught long
Bro he was born a 🐻🌈 short.  His last name is FULD.  Fear-Uncertainty-Loser-Doubt
401k hell yeah. IRA definitely. Robinhood yolo options account.... No
It’s more like buy for 1.95 and let exercise but yeah I do it if I have a ton of cash sitting around and no good play
[deleted]
There’s usually a game night with couples it can get a little raunchy on stage. I’m sure he heard his mother in law fessing up to eating her husbands asshole right before dinner.
Forget the indicies and the macro economic landscape. It is too much info, and too noisy. 

Find a single motherfucking company that impresses you with their big swinging dick and become an expert on that motherfucker.
super green, taxes is gonna suck though
Someone building a position early before an event and they're willing to pay above market price. The puts had 2x the volume for trades at or above ask. Now the question is how long has this been going on for
They spend too much on r&d. Google itself is still a disruptor.
When the smart big brains warn you not to do it that means get ready to do it
urmom oclock
You need to learn about the Greeks. Google it
What happened to MT gang. Y’all ded?
[deleted]
[deleted]
Nothing publicly traded yet. Just scan company profiles when they pop up.
Can’t pull that on myself. Hoping Covid takes me. It’ll look more legit on paper
Gamestop hasn't hit $30 since 2016....I thought this was a joke and that people were just trying to make wallstreetbets the majority shareholder of Gamestop... Do people actually think they are going to make money from this?
[removed]
Wait, what
God
I did ARKG, ARKK and ARKF
sir this is a casino
TLDR?
Statistically 90% of the recovery from March has occurred in overnight sessions.
In my long account. Options acct is ☠️
IF FDX and CRM go down for the 15th day in a row, I’m liquidating and moving to Antarctica
It would be over $100 in seconds.   Probably much more.  But I don’t see Elon bringing it public for awhile and will probably IPO traditionally
He’s touching his p p
What's your average?
Either share the juicy details or STFU. Grown man acting like a middle-school girl... Foh already
Call him back and tell him he is gay
Theta gang wins again
Honestly really appreciate you having an actual answer to this person, it really shows character and I hope you have a wonderful night. 


pussy.
Just fuck off mahn!
Be honest, you tried to Eiffel-tower your MIL with the FIL didn’t you?
Delta is the amount your option increases in value for every one dollar change in the stock’s underlying price. 

You’re retarded though for buying options THEN researching how options work. Welcome home my retarded brother ✊
Exactly. This kiddo is acting like he’s going to live forever
Surely that dollar gonna bounce any minute....
Welcome to the club you autist
r/wallstreetbets
[removed]
Don't trash suits in this game.  You look like a penis, plain and simple.
That's when you need a million dollar life insurance policy
That’s less then the spread of my leaps lmao
Who here is going to end the year green?
Fuck
Canoo seems like a snack at this level just to play the next round of meme
You could put your $600 into a 5/21 $312p and pray for the correction. Could be a big brain move

Or 4/16 $327p
Bought more PSTH today. I’m at 540 shares and 18 calls split between feb, mar, June. Ready for the moon
So, I'm a bit confus. After the merger, which ticker will remain? I bought APHA instead of TLRY. So, what will happen?
Damn, I forgot I had this account. Anyway, some guy here said last week that BOX was getting acquired/partnering/acquiring with some huge company this week so obviously I immediately threw down my last non-invested $1k on BOX leaps. Ain’t been going too hot but they’re 2023 so I think it’s gonna pay off eventually. I’m just mad he lied to me. I’d like to flick him in the nuts.
But Cathie isn't good she just got lucky with Tesla...and BIDU....and CRSPR...
Monday better gap up. This week was shit
Gang
Yeah turns out it was from Dec 17th and Canadian media is running it now
Aged like milk
With you on this. The minute I hit it big, I’m off the Europe with the family.
[deleted]
Thnx bby
CFII for sure
I’m not in the gme game cuz it looks like blockbuster 2.0 to me and I ain’t a 🌈🐻 that wants to profit off other people’s misery.

I can easily find other stonks that will make me more money on the rise. 

I wish gme gang luck, but personally feel like they are on borrowed time.

Just curious what you guys are thinking.
Agreed. Going digital is inevitable and first mover advantage and ability to scale will play a massive roll in the next decade
Hey, you still make money if your covered call gets blown past regardless. No biggie.
Tendy Ameritard

🤣🤣💀💀
Yeah thought about averaging down and hope to see 100 again
Switched again to TLRY today before the dip. Not disappointed either. I’m making gains like a true retard.
>My friend bought the peak on FUBO and is down 33% on his 1,000 shares. I’m gonna grab some shares tomorrow and text him daily on how much better my position is.

nah bro, it will moon in month of Jan
Opinions on which Ark is the best long term hold? Finna throw my Roth into it
https://www.ge.com/sites/default/files/ge_webcast_10Q_10282020.pdf - page 8
[removed]
Haha. You will lose all your money
Unfortunately
For sure, but it’s worth it. We play the game back and forth, all things balanced. Not all my positions are winners either.
Tell him to post his all time. Who’s the dimwits now
chewy already does do it it's called a goody box, i don't think it's very popular though
Can't lose money if you don't have any in the first place
NIO 50c March calls free money
Damn man don't worry. You'll be fine life goes on.
Q3 q4 then q1 
Keep holdin those bags ya limp dick
You’re here tooooo
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [Luniz - I Got 5 On It       ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ERtkpnXLrL4) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ERtkpnXLrL4)⠀►►⠀ 4:20 / 6:30 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
[deleted]
For a call, every $1 rise in stock, would add the delta value to the option value
If you’re downvoting right now then you want Mitch’s cock
50 end of 21
bears been practicing their ball fondling

one cradling my nards right now
Dont forget to move your RH account to a cash account!!!

And if you have another trading account, disable allowing the service to use your stocks for their lending program or marginal securities program so others cant leverage your shares to short
I’ll take it spare the chicken
Still will only let me sell covered calls. Fuck fidelity
Not really, I was in steel before it was popular here (CLF and X). Maybe people should do some DD? FYI these steel stocks pretty much move in unison with one another. You gonna have to manipulate the entire steel industry to successfully manipulate one Company
[deleted]
i would say.... never never never go on a cruise
cant believe these wankers ever doubted
I do credit spreads because I’m always fully invested and scrounging for extra room, but yes
>I just received my work paycheck. I immediately deposited most of it into my brokerage and decided I would live off $400 for food and live in my friend's attic for the month of January. Am I being a prudent investor or am I addicted to FDs?

because u should buy GME shares
As long as you have a long term approach it has huge potential. I’ve been in since it was a pre-merged SPAC but plan to hold on for life. It’s the best way to play EVs, computer chips, renewable energy, etc without picking winners. I don’t care which EV company becomes the most dominant, they all have to have strong permanent magnets and REE mines are the only way to get those. 

It’s young and the market is still trying it’s best to price it in so I can’t promise any prices in the short term but it should be a homerun in the long run. I take advantage of dips here and there to add to my core position
It’ll be from spacex. Some engineer he murdered for a patent or some mathematician girl he has a baby with
[deleted]
You could literally find a dollars per month worth of change lying on the ground if you care enough about picking up pennies.
Alexa play I got 5 on it
Glad I could help, don't forget to set up a limit sell order before you go to sleep if things don't go your way before you pass out
Literally can't go tits up
🌈🐻 ain't got tendies but they get ass
Spreads are the tits man. Consistent returns, minimal losses, the only bad thing is over leveraging during a black swan event. It’s happened to me and it’s not fun
You’re buying options on underlying stocks? Noooo. Only buy options on **over**lying stocks.
My 1.5 year old absolutely loves bourbon. I thought it was funny at first when it was just the ice but now it’s not cool. Can’t leave it where he can get it.
I respect you for taking this bet. 

People fail many times before succeeding, but you have that risk taking mentality. You’ll get there

Onto the next.  🤜
[deleted]
No NIO people here.. guess they're all with hookers after 2 green days
YouTube and learn about options greeks and what they mean. An options price is divided into intrinsic value, delta, theta, gamma, to a lesser degree Vega. Very important to know. 

Also look up Black Scholes model, it’s a good base but is now defunct with the industry moving into more complicated models. 

Also look up what vol crush and implied volatility mean. 

Good luck!

EDIT: volatility crush not theta crush. Still hungover.
Sounds like a loser...
You’re browsing the wrong place for high literacy expectations, friend
$1 per trade commission?
Sell a put
What does clang refer to?
Hahahaha I’ve made 1100 just buying and holding stocks the past 6 months. And I’ve lost 1600 trying to be a genius with options.
He is getting trade ideas from us....
$AUPH, FDA approval by 22 January, buy out likely to follow first quarter 2021. 19 feb calls in the $20 price range
Wow, near all time lows. Might look to buy around here. Don't know about 160 but should see mid 80s again eventually.
[https://youtu.be/z-ATzbIPreY?t=256](https://youtu.be/z-ATzbIPreY?t=256) listen for yourself lol. He has no answer
bankers HATE this one TRICK to financial FREEDOM!
Still plenty of money to be made with crisper calls. One of my favorite stocks to buy dip calls.
Pretty sure you mean ARKG and it was because of ARCT
Delta is how much the value of the option changes per unit change in the stock price
What is it from? It looks familiar.
Try intermittent fasting if you don’t wanna go keto.    Eat a late lunch, early dinner then avoid snacks.  Gives your metabolism time to work off the food and start chewing on fat.
Which high profile people on TV? Couldn't find anything on youtube right off the bat
Dude 75% of all the fucking charts look like this.
Paper chaser, tell that paper, "Look, I'm right behind ya!" - Lil Wayne
Bjorn 😭
Pending sell robinhood doesn't let you do shorts
Ok
Care to explain how this belongs on babystreetbets?
I bet if GOP loses the GA runoffs those stocks tank.
How is it that when I sell it continues to moon and then when I decide to hold it drills lol fuck
your theta is high with a week left of expiration
I think he's high as a kite and watching some Gene Wilder, but if you are right that would be absolutely nuts.

[Destiny, destiny...](https://youtu.be/P0WapDCR9fg)
NIO thank you for 2 green days in a row. Guess time to get fucked again tomorrow or are you actually going to $50?
Because you brought up my post count, are you brain dead? YOU brought it up dumb fuck
JFC.

My bank savings account that my e- fund is stashed in pays more than that every month,  and it's got shit interest rates.
Hell yeah man that's the dream
I have about 15k on 135c 2/19 pls fly
Yes
Who the fuck is going on a cruise right now anyway!?
This is the top
You're probably eating too many carbs. Lower carb intake will give you less cravings and makes it easier to go between meals.
My puts hope you are right
wheres the 50k on BABA 240 FD's guy? GUH
Really?? I’m kinda dumb with options. Why would it be 50k less? So many short investors RN making it look like a pull back by April?
If PSTH merges with SpaceXs Starlink how many rocket ships would it go up?
Too lazy. You could have answered instead of typing Google!
probably will print af
sure thing bro
real killers move in silence
How about adding IDGAF??
The inevitable gap up overnight. Every time. Then flat trading during daytime. All puts expiring tomorrow are done. 

Mass extinction is priced in at this point.
Too lazy. You could have answered instead of typing Google!
This is why I never play GOOG, who even uses it these days
where you think this stock is in a year?
?????
So, anyone that reads the article is a retard? Nice.
You're retarded, I turned 20K to 300K just from C I I. C and THCB warrants alone in two months. 

Again, name ONE spac that traded below $9 with a NAV of $10. I am waiting.
The money looks like a vag
Going all in again on AITX, the gravy train keeps going. I sadly pulled out when I cleared 100% gains but I could of been back up at 400% taking all the money I have in that account and gonna buy stocks hardcore. 70% gain today and I’m telling you now. 50% gains tomorrow
hurrduurrrrr
Sorry to be annoying and vague but basically i work a normally shitty job that is paying retarded money bc of the pandemic and they are funded by the government so ig we are up there for front the end
He already has a huge stake in the company. I doubt it.
lots of angry ass people on tonight
what indicators you guys use? redoing my whole tos
just trust me
🚀SEDG🚀
Atta boy.
lol nothing will happen
Price target is not in USD. Convert it from HK, and it comes out to ~$200-300
haha
Sentiment and the shift of it from the day before yesterday to yesterday.  Don’t get me wrong, I loaded up on calls Monday and will again.  I just expected another drop to shake out weak ambitious hands following other people’s guts lol
[deleted]
I think they went public because they are 10% owned by the Chinese and a lot of people in the US Govt were saying that govt ree contracts should go to American companies and MP shouldn't get funding because of the Chinese issue.

So they went public and now one of their main PR points, that they scream every chance they get, is that they are American, capital A.

The only reason it is important to be aMeRiCaN is because they rely on govt. funding, they rely on it because the refining process is expensive in a country that cares about toxic waste. Funding and raising money and having a mine aren't the problems Molycorp ran into when it crashed and burned, refining to EPA standards with a good profit margin is the problem.

Also the company I mentioned above, which does have a full chain outside China, and also has US govt funding similar to MP, does make revenue... They have a pretty good deal supplying the Japanese...

I get it man, you read the investors slideshow from MP and didn't bother to read anything else and you think they're great. I hope it works out for you, but I think it's a falling knife and I'm going to try and warn people off of it no matter how much you downvote me.
you said Put and Cathie in the same post.

GET YER PITCHFORKS
What
I 100% love twisting the knife like this but remember God hates bragging and will go out of His way to make sure you lose.
Looking like a fun one.
Don't exercise tomorrow because you will have to pay capital gain for 2020. Just do it January 1st and then you will have whole 2021 to offset gains and loses.
[deleted]
Never seen a Chinese car in USA, sold my shares today, too many horses in the race
wtf, I don't want a looser fair.
How much are you down now?
I looked at amazon like 5 years ago when I first started investing and didn't touch it because $500 per share was overpriced lol. did the same thing with tesla
Good luck to all the GME bulls, I didn't have the balls to jump in. I want this guy to choke on his words he's so arrogant
[deleted]
What happened
Oooo
Winds not profitable?? Really ?
Anyone want to bank big gains so they can off themselves and leave their families happy?
If everyone listened or everyone was right we'd all be rich. Don't be a sheep. Do what you think is right. gme is super undervalued. And shorts last chance is tomorrow. After that they are basically fucked
Lmao
[deleted]
Fuck this boomer cuck. He's jealous that half the retards here are outperforming his 3% stinky boomer fund.
[removed]
Bitchoin wants to hit 30 grand tonight
lmaoooooooooooooo truly retarded I love it
Dont forget to move your RH account to a cash account!!!

And if you have another trading account, disable allowing the service to use your stocks for their lending program or marginal securities program so others cant leverage your shares to short
it means you have to reinvest your profit into delta airlines
Right now strictly July's or later in the case of a proxy battle / share recall Cohen. I like accumulating options at delta 0.6 or higher and lately experimented with swing trading options at a delta of 1.
Absolutely not
Realized over $20k profit in the last 2 months. Back in with 2200 shares and very bullish. Holding this batch long term.
SpaceXs starlink or Bloomberg news
[deleted]
Garage door installation and repair. How I went from corporate to the trades is a long story. 

Fortunately we’re “essential” so we stayed open during the lockdown, but the first year for any business is tough.
There's a stop-gap at 4206.9, but we can do it.
PLTR baby
Buy the dip 😂
[removed]
CRSR, NIO, LAZR, XPEV, PLTR, GME, LI, QS, LAZR, APHA

I was told that diversification is a protection against ignorance and that it makes very little sense for those who know what they're doing

So it made a lot of sense for me
Lmfao
The tonine structure disincentivizes a quick sale post merger. It rewards holding for three years. The float is going to be pretty locked up pretty quick. Think you’re underestimating what Ackman is truly trying to accomplish here.
1/15
I hear Ecuador and parts of Colombia are pretty chill when it comes to that
I didn't overstate and mine was approved.  Just hope for another glitch.
got me an xmas few weeks ago...a peloton. should be here in 3 weeks. can't wait. thank u for your input
My moves: watching DKNG, CRSR, MP and GME make me money.
Old news and a non event. These people were fine after the swelling subsided. Who the hell gets fillers 2 days before a vaccine anyway. In a fucking pandemic. To look good for the vaccine shot?
That would be
Why
Ah, the Constanza method, quite effective.
50k less
baba headed to sub 200
1 in 100 odds for a 30:1 payout?
Listen to the non binary WSB person for advice they said
330
Gme is my bread and butter rn,  had to buy back during large jumps like last week but it's an easy 1:1 a week
guys so im new to options and have lost a significant amount of money already. how does the price of the underlying stock affect the value of the call option after passing the break even price? I have 2 options that have another week to expire but have passed the break even. I heard that the delta goes up but i dont know what this means.
I bought when they were $7.50 a piece. 😋
Not going back to pre COVID life
I've lost 35x this guys yearly gain in this week alone and it's only Wednesday.
[removed]
When is ICLN gonna clear 35? February
If it was going to sell off super hard on it not being Stripe then it already happened when Patrick Collison tweeted denying a deal. It has 69% institutional ownership, and they’re not selling due to the tontine structure for their warrant payout.
Right
[deleted]
Getting annoyed.  This shit needs to move
These idiots already pumped it
[deleted]
Did they try to fuck you
AAPL 140c 2/19. No brainer
seriously though. what is donny pump going to do to rock the boat.
You can't lose your money if you bought at NAV you idiot , you can redeem shares for cash, usually at $10. If anything they are safer than most stocks 🤡
Will see.
hate when people say take profits talking about one stock. bitch its take PROFIT. illiterate cunt
Only Speak when spoken to peasant
You definitely belong here
Yes
I wanna ride you, bro
BABA why
Wait $97 ? How many shares ????
Literally all my positions were red for the past two days and mine consist of high growth, covid benefitted stocks. Apps was just one of them. The trend wasn't limited to APPS alone
Google.com
Wendy's janitor by day. Taxi boy for lonely business men by night.
Appharvest?
Something happened in the hot tub didn’t it
Found the bag holder
Sooo, lots of high profile people on tv saying to sell gme or they are taking up short positions. 

Any thoughts from the GME gang? You gonna try to take on the big houses short selling or leave before they turn up the heat?
Oh in your other comment it said May 2019.
So, on par with Tesla Cybertruck designers?
You’re awesome!  I have a small amount of shares but I see the upside of this and will take a stronger position. Thanks!
[deleted]
🎶another one bites the dust🎶
Half Korean checking in.  It looks like they have bought their grandpa and grandma tickets to the moon.  May 21 36c checking in
So, a lot of people in here (jokingly) say that playing a scratch off is better than options. But why? I can pull out of an option at any price point & get money back... even if I lose money. Buying 5 $20 scratch offs and winning nothing is far worse than spending $100 on an option and selling when it drops to $80.
Any good trade ideas? Or just regular run of the mill mind-vomit?
Fuck off
Anyone know if it's ok to give a chicken adderall?
Waffle House it is.
I’ll take 50 plz
Link or ban!
Mods can we have a new years party? Like if you post a positive YTD you get a winners flair, and if you have e a negative YTD you get a loser flair? It be a fun community thing, even if it's just for new years
-2.6% in HK 😕
GOOGLE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Relax its probably like a $100 shit broker account you got 4 free stocks for opening
i actually do IF.....and love how i feel. but once i break the fast it's all over. i go off
New blood joins this Earth

And quickly he's subdued
I dont know wanna go into details but never never never go with your inlaws in a cruise...
in what ways has the game changed?
[deleted]
That's crazy cause I made some good money on BIDU today
Or he is just quoting the movie Young Frankenstein
We got you, nephew. Do you take ranch with your tendies?
🇺🇸
[deleted]
If you put it all in BAC every week that’s free money
Why is my post count relevant? All you post is your shitty ugly drawings
Found the 🌈
What I've felt

What I've known

Never shined through in what I've shown
Bidu 8a fucking running.  It was stagnant for over 2 yrs.  8f I had only held my calls... fml
His assistant already does, I think he requests it that way though. Topped off with pubes for good measure.
30%
I literally can’t think of a worse sub to ask this question unless your looking for no extradition or tax shelter.   Maybe roratonga?
GUH
I did it, i got puts on tsla.
“Eating less causes weight loss” aka intermittent fasting. Whatever you want to call it...
Simply; diversification
The downside is you lose all your money.
You ever drop acid? Shit is fun as hell. This year, on the other hand, was not.
ah, ok that all makes sense. I also assumed that more shares being added meant that it would be more difficult to move the share price on a day to day basis
Alright everyone, tomorrow is your last day to get that YTD green. At market close let's see who the winners and losers were for the year
Yeah this is definitely what someone who bangs dudes would say
Not getting rid of my Tesla and Square. Lemonade and PLTR, maybe but I have such a low cost basis that it’s not worth dumping.
Imagine getting paid to manage other people's money and underperforming a bunch of dimwits with $100 Robinhood accounts
!RemindMe 1 day
Yes. What’s the next otm leap play
[deleted]
Do you think that firms hand out 200-300k salary's because MBA grads payed to win?

It's just like any other job. You are paid according to how much the organization can leverage your skills and knowledge into profit.

You don't learn how to investment bank on youtube. You're educated for it and compansated based on your value to the company.

General management focused MBA are essentially worthless and graduates are paid as such. They don't get bags of money thrown at them because they added 3 letters after their name.
Jackie Reses and Michael Ovitz are on the board to bring Subway public... bruh
bump
"Non autist" I can't help you.
Perfect!
Man you actually don’t know what you’re talking about. Options don’t even exist for it yet.
Zoomers are all delicate little girl boys. Don’t blame them though. It’s their degenerate slutty third wave feminist mother’s fault.
So many people on Stock Twits (and sometimes WSB) seem to say they have 5,000 shares of some $100 stock. Like damn bro! Why y'all so rich!
Quite possibly the best movie of all time. If not, then at least the funniest.
Hey 🌈🐻
SPY 1/19 360P/330P debit spreads are only $200

That way you can consistently lose money longer
7% returns plus covered calls on shit like that is more than enough to live off of.  I go into things like this when I don't feel like there is a compelling edge elsewhere.    


T is basically part of an oligopoly.  They are horribly managed (I worked there for a little bit years ago).  If they even slightly got their shit together they... print even more money.  it snot the worst idea ever , if you don't wanna lose all your money
Does anyone know where I can see what PDD is trading at on the Asian markets? 

Thanks.
Alot of those guys are fake posts dude.
New invention, thank you.
So does Mitch McConnell
I’m raffling off my $600 Stimulus check. 

$20 a ticket

100 tickets
My 12/31 calls wish but it is probably not the caseworker
How far are you down (percentage wise)?
prudent investor absolutely
Put that $600 to work for you 😂
Same with nio and $50
Thanks I’ll look. It’s not an offering, just more shares opening up right?
-$5
Oh yeah, like one out of thousands? And companies above 1B don't do fraud? 

Are you retarded? This is not a spac issue. Unless SPACs are more known to commit fraud, which they aren't.
Right he bought the option to buy 500 shares at 40 for $10 a share. The 5k is spent instantly, of Tesla is below the strike price in January then that money is gone. In this case he is down $5k but can sell for all the money and slightly recoup his premium (bet)
They're a nobody until (if) they're somebody, that's just how it works
Your only posts are doomsday COVID posts
🥃👀
It’s not going to be Subway. Jackie Reses and Michael Ovitz aren’t on the board for this to be Subway
you should probably sell while you're ahead
Mara calls
Its all the crack my mom did while I was in the womb
Tea leaves. 

To be clear, this doesn't mean it won't go up from here. I don't know when it'll drop below 220 but it will happen. On the other side, it will get back to at least 290 eventually. Since 220 is closer, it might as well go there first.

In terms of fundamentals, what caused it to initially drop so much hasn't been resolved yet has it? Until the CCP issue is dealt with, I don't see why it would get back above where it was before the dump last week this quickly.
Quick! Name a ticker!
Of the size that PSTH needs? They are targeting unicorns. Theres a reason they are called like that. There's not that many of them.

The good ones left are spacex, stripe and maybe instacart. He won't get the first two and the third is the least exiting on that list.
Only if she would’ve fucked you tonight. If not you’re good.
Jokes on you. WWIII and the climate apocalypse will make all our money worthless. It’s like we shouldn’t have even tried
Pretty sure you totally misinterpreted the comment bruh
Same bro
Guys What time does the market close tomorrow?
Whaaaaaaat?!

Lotta ppl going to be very confused
Buy a Ninja and make protein smoothies. Tastes like fruity milkshake but is very healthy.
Why what is it doing overseas
Bussy
You're in the wrong relationship type
I got impatient and sold for 80 cent profit
come on BABA
Belize
Wow. Big investment. Def post gains when you scalp for $1k in a year or two.
What ticker are your FDs for?
lol
Yeah damn, I was thinking what year is it now?
Sir this is a Wendy’s
Trade in those shorts for a speedo, guaranteed green
[deleted]
What call options are y’all looking at
Hawks look nice af. That redhead can shoot the rock 🪨
This is what i love to see
They probably banged your daughter
I swear! It did that in the first two weeks. I should have sold my shares for 100% profit. Has been flat down after that
They get automatically exercised on the expiry date after close. Shares get debited from your account and sold for the strike price. 

Another thing you can do is if you’ve reached the expiry date and they’re about to expire worthless you can just buy to close them for like 10% of the original price you sold them for (you can do that on huge red days too) and then you roll them over (I usually make my trades on Fridays) for free extra theta from Saturday and Sunday. You’ll get more premiums for a longer dated call (9 days instead of 7 days in this case).
[deleted]
PLTR
I’m in and if it dips I’ll buy the dip.. nice entry and nice divy on top.. if the merger does not materialize
It’s part of the margin agreement. Rehypothication
Oh fuck me my baba calls are fucked
And everyone sleepin on FUSE still.
Well what is it, I still don’t know from watching the video?
good on u, mate! 

i did buy a peloton with some of my profits. that comes in 3 weeks. excited
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yVzUj0oAYOk
ARK literally causes bull runs at this point
Why not a homeless millionaire?
Is that really true? I fear for the baldness that comes to my family tree as a young man.
Yea but I got them at such a low cost back in March idc if they drop lower for the short term. Since I own shares there value is locked in compared to call options that expire worthless
GUH! Forgot to cross that out. Can't seem to edit it, but I'm not worried. They'd have to hack IB to trace it back to my name and since I'm not starting a hedge fund until I reach at least 10 million, there wouldn't be much of a consequence even if it was traced back.
I heard Syria or Afghanistan have some cheap real estate
Gonna make those tits fart
Youts?
Ye
Hey look my wife
**I am a bot and identified and tracked the following options picks within this post:**

|**Ticker**|**Strike**|**Type**|**Exp**|**Recorded Premium**|**Recorded Stock Price**|**OI**|**Volume**|
|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|
|**XOM**|**$32.5**|**BUY CALL**|**2021-07-16**|**$10.03**|**$41.6**|**172**|**1**
|**NRZ**|**$11**|**BUY CALL**|**2021-02-19**|**$0.25**|**$9.81**|**3953**|**123**
|**NCLH**|**$27.5**|**BUY CALL**|**2022-01-21**|**$7.2**|**$25.64**|**7425**|**19**
|**MT**|**$15**|**BUY PUT**|**2021-06-18**|**$0.62**|**$23.44**|**180**|**0**

[Realtime ROI](https://www.pickmojo.com/pick/ckjc8df1w2k0g07704oajmq05) | [Track Record](https://www.pickmojo.com/user/Busown1772/) | [Bot Info](https://www.reddit.com/r/pickmojo/comments/he9ghu/options_picks_tracking_bot_information/) | Leaderboard: [Week](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-week-reddit), [Month](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-month-reddit), [All](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/top-reddit) | [Exit this position](https://www.pickmojo.com/reddit_redirect)

**^(*Recorded after market close, will be recorded at the next market open if the premium is within 10% margin. My owner is monitoring these posts, reply with feedback! You can now track comments by mentioning me!)**
Tits deep

Any reason you’d go into vxx and not just uvxy?
If apple doesn’t finish above 135 account is 0 holy shit I’m scared
https://imgur.com/a/SJ3uwIF :D
Not really
Yeah SBE from 48 to 40,  sitting at 42 right now. But we have time before merger
100% legal, delicious, big bank financed tomatoes. That's the secret sauce.
It’s a midsized SUV lmao
Honestly sounds like a decent decision at the time.   We all have these stories.   :)
How did you get a screenshot of my 1/15 $30 PLTR calls?
You blew it
Someone bought 3 Mil shares at close today... did Papa Thiel personally bless us with tickets to tendie town!?!
When is BigC running to 160 again :(
A true retard appears
Shh
😂 too true
How'd you get so big?  
How'd you get so strong?
I got PFE 40c for march

just keep it? Earnings in February but people saying a correction coming is scaring me.
Yeah but look where you are now. Shitposting on Reddit.
Only if "she" starts jacking off too
Oh high school... We called it the uniform.
thank u
I just received my work paycheck. I immediately deposited most of it into my brokerage and decided I would live off $400 for food and live in my friend's attic for the month of January. Am I being a prudent investor or am I addicted to FDs?
is baba drilling?
Mithril is not buying Palantir, they have ~$1B AUM. Mithril is probably buying a large chunk of PLTR shares and has to report it.

https://old.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kmc70l/explaining_the_palantir_mithril_lp_merger_rymor/
[deleted]
That looks like what he eats every day.
Gonna easily double in 2021
[deleted]
Thats funny AMD was what I sold too to grab these and my PSTH shares. Hopefully it works out for us both
No
Go figure, a large successful hedge fund is able to combine research with network connections and time a purchase.
Why should I not buy February calls on Lockheed Martin or Northrop rn
Does anyone here just rack up debit spreads? I.e buy an itm 2 dollar wide debit spread for, say, 140 bucks and then pocket the 200 at expiration?
Holding PSTH and ICLN calls
Whatever I’ll take my 20% loss on baba at open never buying a Ling long stock when HK just follows the trend of the previous market if there is no catalyst
Scotland.
If 2k stim get passed itll be green forever
So a dude
My friend bought the peak on FUBO and is down 33% on his 1,000 shares. I’m gonna grab some shares tomorrow and text him daily on how much better my position is.
Just give them whiskey instead
Congrats! It's $92.29 as I write this on December 30.
Intermittent fasting does work pretty well and it's difficult to fuck up, coming from a fellow  smooth brain
i exercise 6 days a week. that's not the problem. i am a slob tho
Bye money 👋
https://i.imgur.com/drR41dz.gif?noredirect
Are you me?
There are no good cancer charities. You think any organization that makes money raising "awareness" for cancer actually wants to cure cancer?
He's buying Bungie
FUBO PUTS
TICKERRRRR
I understand the mechanics of a short squeeze. What I don't have in front of me are the numbers that show a short squeeze isn't possible/likely due to an excess of share* liquidity on GME. You're *claiming* that this situation exists but you're not showing any proof of it, i.e.; you're FOX News'ing it.

And not that either of us GAF, but claiming someone isn't informed enough on the subject of a conversation (debate?) to try and shut down said conversation makes you look like a pussy the size of Texas.

Edit - grammar
Pref short term ones way OTM
[removed]
Finish on her eyes so they’re glued shut
They do mobile something something. Are you holding long term?
Target price? Ive been buying since $30 a share
You get a free meal on daily basis by referring a friend!
Is tomorrow the gme squeeze
[deleted]
Whiskey sprinkles for the kids?
[deleted]
[deleted]
[removed]
Put all your money on calls plz
This wasn't a new offering to clarify. If you look at the most recent 8-K and its exhibits as well as the prospectus, the info is in there. Check my comment history for links (a comment I posted today).
[deleted]
This whole year has felt like an acid trip. Legit don’t know what to expect in 2021, feel like the whole game has changed.
I see way less red in this chart than in my chart. What are the positions, OP?
Nicaragua or Colombia. Don't be a bitch though, learn Spanish.
And the girls are pretty.
[removed]
loss porn keeps me from ending it all
What about if you bought the 1800c for 2021 when they first came out?
So simple that even an autist can fuck it up
Watchin wit da yoots
Merrr
Dude, that t pun is off the rails
I don’t know why this stock isn’t talked about more on here. Only a few posts in the last few weeks. It’s more profitable than it was years ago and is trading for less, plus all the acquisitions. 

The website is a shell and shady as fuck. I don’t get the motivation for the writer to establish this website of nonsense to then come out with this in depth stock analysis.
[deleted]
Bought a LEAP last January for this January expiry and sold in July like a dummy, would’ve 10x my money. I’m thinking about doing another but actually holding this time.
Not dumb. But spread your $200K. Make a schedule. Buy incrementally. Go heavier on bigger dips. Buy various expirations, mitigate timing risk. You got this!
Onlyfans my guy, put a mask and start shoving a  red dildo in your azz, you will beat ER of lift’s CEO, ofc dependable from a size of a dildo!!!
I’ll have him know that my account was at $100... now it’s at zero you peasant
I don’t like em but commies buy cars too.
mfkn pricy ITM leap you got there, your wife needs to keep a closer eye on you
Uruguay
Maybe.   But trying to time a crash will cause you to go broke unless you have inside info or come across something before everyone is aware.
I think betting against the market is a losing game for the next couple of years.    If it happens be ready to respond but take the gains while they’re coming.
Tell your priest, not me
[deleted]
Costa Rica is your spot.
What’s on the other hand? Nvm don’t say it
And if they are near NAV? Downside is minimal if not non existent
[deleted]
Usually when the rumors start and the price starts going crazy, it depends on interest.
I haven't found anything publically traded yet.
No moms but probably their dads
Interesting. Ok so it sounds like this is a long hold. I am bag holding shares I guess for the foreseeable future
Mithril and Palantir are both owned by Peter Thiel. His investment company just took an ownership stake in his own company. It means bottom secure. Only up from here. Might buy more at open.
So you just told me why it would pump like QS, weren’t you supposed to tell me why it wasn’t?
Destiny, Destiny = DD

no escaping that for me = # letters = 2, 8, 4, 3, 2 = 2/8432 = 2nd month, $8432 presplit -> 1686 after split

$TSLA to 1686 by end of Feb

AKA buy any calls for march. youre welcome
Call back and tell them how easy it is to get approved and set up with their competitors, who are offering lower commission fees as well. I did this with my boomer Canadian bank and suddenly I was instantly approved for L2 options after trying for 1 month. Miracle.
2nd actually
I dropped a sprinkle in my whiskey & it hasn’t dissolved. 

I should probably quit feeding these to my children.
Complete opposite of Dr PP
Oh wait my “7 inches is a rocket!?” Comment was aimed at you 

https://amp.reddit.com/r/measuredpornstars/comments/gfkwbt/johnny_sins/
Went to the dentist today and he said I have no cavities. 

Invited him over later tonight to show him he's wrong!
ARK literally bought BIDU right at the beginning of its Dec bull run. The timing was incredible 👀

https://cathiesark.com/arkk-holdings-of-bidu
The market went up 10 percent this year so he tripled it
Great long term investment. But I don't have time to sit and wait so I'll do other shit with my money.
Twitter bad.
You watch tv in real time?
Liberia
Once I heard Branson had nothing to do with it I sold
There are times where they can lend out shares on cash. Most of the bigger brokers have a lending program where they will ask clients if they want to lend their shares out in return for a portion of the hard to borrow interest.
Yeah I like elon but tesla isn't his anymore. I'm pretty sure he said it's impossible for it to be a private company and he's looking to merge it with another auto maker to focus on mars. Shit he supposedly sold all his belongings to focus on mars and wants to die on mars
The future is now old man 😂
Yeah, but imagine YOLO’ing a milli on something not stupid and ghey. Like TSLA fd’s.
What's it saying miles
Well here's the most hyped tickers of the past 6h:

Https://stocks.comment.ai/trending.html
$DIS, $GNOG, $I M M R
That video did not provide any information whatsoever. Maybe if they let it run for another 15 seconds and he actually said something?
LOL.
The way these retards latch on to one or two meme stocks ruins this place. About 700 stocks have outperformed palantir but it has 90% of the posts
You are fucking retarded, yes sometimes they can get to high 9s due to opportunity cost. But the NAV for most SPACs are around $10, where you can redeem shares for cash. 

You're an idiot. Find me ONE SPAC that dropped below $9 pre merger with a NAV of $10.
Need to go down more, options expire tomorrow
I remember I was in research lab when CRSP went public. I was using crispr daily for gene editing. I thought to myself, “I should throw some money into that stock, this tech is revolutionary.” Instead I bought a bunch of weed. Fuck me.
7 inches is a rocket!?
[removed]
Yes those fuckers have parents that make shit products using slave labor.. fuck them
“Buy the fucking dip” - grandma
Can someone please make a meme using the scene in Focus where will smith and fine ass margot robbie keep betting against that Asian dude at the football game? Please and thank you for your service. My wife losing her mind that they were betting $1k and $5k. If only she knew I was making fatter bets against tesla earlier this year.


PLTR $20c 1/20/23
Actually yes, I took it up late October and I’m up 104% on 20K return. This shit is so fucking easy, but I’m legit a retard.
Only if you finish on her ass
$SLV surfers let’s go !
3900 mostly old people dying/335,000,000 people. 

You belong here
[deleted]
gotta say his twitter is pretty gangsta bear
Could have buy puts, and you here doing naked call 😂
Continuing to be claimed as a adult dependent past 24yrs of age collecting school credit while having a income over 20k will do it.
Looks like you were about 850k to 2mil in the past 3 months. What got you there?
look up the “Hans Solo” chick
I’m broke ):
They don't understand the amount of money you can make in this market. They are either ignorant and not interested in investing themselves or risk averse thinking that they would be gambling their money. Hmmmmmm.....!
Well I bought some 1/4 $372p around lunch time so fuk u buddy
We your friends fam.
When you get to over a million you’ll realize a million really ain’t that much.
Thanks for the feedback. Im very bullish as well. Though I’m thinking about rolling my 5/21’s out to 12/21’s and picking up additional further out leaps when available. Thinking it might be flat for a bit on the near term without any major catalysts upcoming. Auto show in May might help a little.
[deleted]
Stopped reading at "don't drink"
I do not deserve gold. 
Please award me silver instead.
My cousin Vinny about to start on IFC
Even better, what if it’s Tumblr
Somalia is underrated imo
Peanut gallery is in.
Is it bad to jackoff while your girl is sleeping next to you
Thoughts on fcel
Bro Comcast will die, here in Texas i get 1000/1000 with AT&T for like $60 with taxes and hbo max included.
I hope you’re OK. Be positive and don’t dwell too much on the past.
That’s the price of KNOWLEDGE
the Philippines where  half the people speak english
Baba?
[deleted]
I agree. That's why I wish tmobile dumped more money into their home internet game. They're the most feasible right now given that starlinlk is a while away and expensive ($100 a month). 

Not sure if it's more hardware problems or man hours but if tmobile can just put other shit aside and just scale out their network it would be awesome.
Ew not log scale
APHA :’(
[removed]
Not in insurance, tons of policies renew 1/1 and everyone wants you to remarket their shit within like a day......glad I took the week off
WTF did I just watch
i wood berry my dick so far in that ass 👃
Upvote caper crew
Sometimes the more tools you have, the worse the outcome. See: options.
Think it down 3% in Asia market currently
Could Thiel buy up all the shares and take the company private?
Just got an email for my $200 stimulus check, what should I yolo?

Portfolio currently: 50% GME, 25% PLTR, 25% Steel
Write me in your will bb
Gattaca: “I want a genetically perfect child with chiseled cheekbones and a slender physique”

Me: “I want a child that can predict Tesla’s stock price 6 months from now”
Sir, he risked $1300 for a $700 return. Makes a big difference.
I wonder whether an infrastructure program that looks at the grid would choose a European cable provider.

I hear you though. This is a pure play on high-voltage lines.
Nah, asking a question is not really ever stupid. It's not asking and not learning that's truly stupid.

It basically means there are suddenly a lot more tradable shares. These shares are also "Legacy Canoo" shares belonging to people who had stock in original Canoo (not publicly traded) but are not subject to lockup. If you look at the SEC filings, it looks to me like there are at least 85% more shares trading now than before merger. So, this means supply is a lot larger which means a lot more potential sellers but not necessarily any increase in buyers. Classic supply & demand.

Combine this with a typical post-merger dump by people who held JUST through merger AND the down days a lot of growth and sector stocks have experienced, and you wind up with the current GOEV chart.
This is the way
Uffff, with this sold the stock will be a rockettt.jajajajaja
I posted the same comment before I saw yours. OP tryna play it off like it’s his smh
Panama
[deleted]
[removed]
I think he's just saying that it's his destiny to build companies for the future of humanity like he has, and now there's no escape (i.e. the market has proven how much they value these companies, so he must keep going)

... that, or he's high.
SPYder senses are tingling
Where did you learn to trade options?
Don’t tell me you sold.
[removed]
I think you're referring to David End the original boomer who started the stonk market.
ELI5: He doesn't want shares
This is the way
I want gold!
She gonna take her profits and go play BiNGO
u/CEO_OF_SPY
Nice! What platform is it?
Strep throat. From tonsillitis.
What are some chill countries that are cheapish to live in and not too difficult of a transition for English speakers? I’m seriously thinking about switching things up in my life
LOL Elon mentions roaring 20s 

Ironic
I drive for doordash, and yesterday I did a Gamestop delivery as well as delivering food. Gamestop had lots of people in it for a pandemic time. Long GME not-with-a-10-foot-pole DASH
Thanks, deep south power. Ya a global warming play too. More heat more cooling more tendies
Just exercise you slob. Then eat all you want.
It’s all about exponential growth. If you go balls to the wall at a new diet your body will go into shock and yearn for the foods that bring you dopamine. You’ll crave them really bad. Slow change over time > fast change in a short period.
Mustang Mach-E, Tesla ded!!! Jk, we’ll see
Anyone else waiting to hear the Vgac announcements? Let’s get this push
Thecreaaon why calls/puts are yolos is because they expire though...especially shorts
[deleted]
Through merger
Mitch is the type of guy to premature ejaculate while listening to Kenny G
or maybe you stole somebody’s art lmao
I'm so perverted
dems might take the senate  [https://twitter.com/ossoff/status/1344346979548205066](https://twitter.com/ossoff/status/1344346979548205066)
It hurts me to see young people be content with this kind of shit returns. Like ok you lost your fucking Wendy's check on some FDs who cares? You ain't gonna starve to death these days. You can always turn to prostitution too if you got a vag.
There is a decent chunk of folks on here that make money consistently.  They just aren’t super vocal about it.
Just did this today for same reasons -- 1k shares each of 3 SPACs with targets for 2021. Every dollar up is $1000 profit so I don't need them to go to the moon to do well.  Rinse/repeat...
RIP
The US internet market is a fking scam. There is technically no monopoly but each city has only one good provider. I’ve been trying to get rid of xshitty for a couple of years (Boston) but fios isn’t available yet.
If you think it’s a pump and dump you’re retarded, but you’re in the right place so congrats
Pleas fly
[removed]
Second wave priced in... next.
It's been shitting the bed since sept
I wonder if there are any zoomers on here who’s moms I banged 😎
I hear ya man. I was banned and just got back for a certain space SPAC dd. Welcome back.
Taking it easy until after my paycheck hits and my ESPP vests :|
Ban
You’re a gay bear
So what is this worth today with GME at 19??? B
[deleted]
Need a membership to view. copy past?
Just worked for literally 1hr today but sent the work completion email at 4pm
Problem is that yeah it mooned today, but it's also had 3 red days lately. I just can't tell if it's going higher or if today was just a pause before it sells off again.
Pbs
It’s 500m for spacs
VXX, SQQQ and UVXY calls
I’ll be your friend 🤝
Hoping someone smarter can clarify; but probably that Thiel is buying a large portion of shares.

Do to PLTR what Ryan did for GME
Covid? Spy put indicator?
So all GME gang needs is a complete over haul of the board, brand new website interface, and complete make over of business model! That should happen by Jan 15th right?!?
Damn. Bamboozled.
This is sub is so retarded everyone forgets that we switch threads
I quit my job 4 years ago, bought a bike, did bike delivery and rode into work everyday for a year. I lost 85 pounds and have kept it off ever since
Chick fil a....Fucking please let that happen.
[deleted]
Already have 2023 leaps bud 😈 see you on the moon
@_ajl on instagram
Ples light rocket dis tiem
Hey op,  I know the comment is late but you should remove your account number here.
[removed]
I posted about this weeks ago, but The Retards didn't listen.  Oh, well.  


Time to YOLO while you still can...
The 7 or 8% rule is predominantly based upon the masses who have no financial prowess. There’s plenty of people on here that are negative annually. 

But, for folks that are talented enough to see market trends and enough autist in them to cut through the BS, they can literally fucking kill it. Some of us are up a few hundred percent ytd on some rather large initial positions.
We should really be shorting BLNK
Just like fireworks , its all about that moment when it explode no one care afterwards 🥴
I’m having a fever but I can’t get my mind off stocks :/
[removed]
Why?  I don't think so, maybe 2022. Pent-up demand coming next year
R we fucked
🚀🚀🚀🚀
Bullish
Very much possible. Went up to 499.27 on a Thursday down to 489 Friday and to 521 Monday.
[deleted]
Serious DD from the man himself about what price SQ will be next year:

https://twitter.com/jack/status/1344444478334136321
I wouldn’t trust AT&T with 7%.
That's because every boomer fuck has told us this since forever. Then it's even worse because you might find yourself on /r/investing or /r/personalfinance and they'll tell you the same shit.
That's our word. It sounds.. wrong when you use it.
Okay I sleep now thx
My portfolio is in shambles but i can already tell my june PSTH 30c are gonna make me rich
BAN. The few that make it get all the press but there are dozens others that are garbage just like all the banned penny stocks. For every DEAC there are 10 like that useless bitch M.F.A.C.
This 🤡 knows as much as anyone else about the merger, which is **NOTHING**. 

He probably sat on the sidelines all year thinking all the stock prices are too high and missed out on all the gains. 

Finally discovered PSTH and saw another high price and scared it's gonna continue to run up and he's gonna miss out yet again. Lol
BABA down in HK market :(
You live with Mitch?
I swear guys, I fuking love all of you! We are retards but those ppl are on some other lvl!!!
Bagel and lox is my favorite breakfast of all time. And chilaquiles
as someone who cannot stay on a diet because i'm a weak pussy ass bitch, would like ideas from the mental defective league on keeping on the straight and narrow. jaw wiring excluded. thank u in advance.
You might as well buy Nikola calls if you’re gonna be a failure
Can PLTR 1/15 40c go back to $360+ or should I redeem it for $7?
Same bro... simpler times
Imagine if you had a cool milli. 70k a year doing literally nothing sounds pretty solid.
What form do I look at to see when shares are offered for SPAC’s after merger and ticker change? It isn’t after every merger is it? Some wait for a while after ticker change?
Great
APPS did ok today. What’s the problem?
Been holding OPEN for the last week. Hopefully it moons tomorrow 🤷‍♂️
low ass comment volume, y'all getting wiped out huh
Thinking it's about time to join clang gang again metals looking like they could moon in January
Pics of position or ban.
The markets aren’t correlated.  Baba was up 6% in hk but only 1% in US.  They follow our market.
I don't know how well this will go over in this sub, but put simply, options are intended to be used as insurance policies.  You can use them to protect your gains - bull or bear - without having to actually close out your position, which could have tax implications and/or move the market itself in some cases.

The thing about insurance policies is that, while in some cases the purchaser of the policy comes out ahead, in a general sense, insurance companies are able to stay in business because most of the time they make more off of selling the policies than their customers do out of being protected by them.  The same basically applies here - it's generally better to be a seller of options than a buyer.  

While selling naked options is extremely risky and often blocked by brokers, selling calls covered by owned shares, or cash-covered puts, is usually a pretty safe way to make money.
Yo dont call out my roomie like that
#Market pleas Fly 🚀
Mitch is the kind of guys that goes to Denny’s for breakfast and orders a salad.
Nah Tsla needs constant hype to stay at these levels, but it always seems to find it. I wouldn’t short it but I don’t wanna too many shares right now.
I’ll screenshot your comment and put it as the last slide on my 1 year 1 million post
I got banned for it tho
LMND had its lockup expiration this week
Did you take up trading in 2020?
235K new covid cases and record 3.9k deaths. Record hospitalizations still each day. 

3.9k fucking new covid deaths. 

SPY: 🤨🤨🤨 and?....
Great idea
Imagine it turns 12 am and we just see a pixelated green bar appear with “simulation complete” on it.
Another example of someone trying to use a misleading headline to help their position. 

Article is from November and Soros can’t unload shit until mid Feb at the earliest

Downvote into oblivion
Yeah.....that will be real nice if that happens
For what reason exactly? Economy is already shit, will only get better. Fixed income is kill so money will keep flowing into equities.
What the holy heck does this mean?
Uggs are horrible
Lol I literally congratulated a fellow retard for getting engaged by jokingly calling him a f*g and I got bot warned to death for it.
That would be hell. Lmao
They get better sleep though
[deleted]
That was one of my pre-announcement plays that I got into at 80 cents. I sold off half of my position due to warrant related announcements generally having a negative effect, but I'm very much bullish. I did my own detailed valuation back when they first announced it was Fisker using comps and a DCF with relatively conservative assumptions.

My end of 2021 (i.e: when mass production becomes an absolute certainty) target price has been $45 since July. I'm selling my remaining warrants to get 2023 LEAPS as soon as they come out.
lol sorry. I’m driving. On autopilot lmao
U got stock or calls or both?
Hop on in. Water is nice
u/     <====  you dropped this
What is HBO's IP that has mass-generational appeal. DIS owns everything
I would say January calls are too early. I find it hard to time the market, but April/May calls would be the safest options (versus warrants, which are the best buy, IMO). I’m looking forward to the following catalysts.

-Roth EV meeting on 1/8. These guys gave Canoo a $30 PT.

-Now that it’s no longer a SPAC, we can get additional analyst price targets.

-Contract manufacturer announcement (e.g. Magna).

-Last mile delivery vehicle pre-orders. Walmart, FedEx, DHL the most likely. Could also be a random company wanting EVs like Republic Services and Nikola. I don’t think the MPDV is priced in yet, and it could be very attractive for the right company.

-Q4 earnings. Canoo earned $34m in 2020, and most people are unaware of this. Without digging into the investor presentation, no-one would know this. Most are still lumping Canoo with other pre-revenue companies.
Tough.
Thanks Dr I never thought of that! To the fucking moon boys!! 🚀🚀
[deleted]
Excess testosterone breaks down into estrogen. You’re gettin tits either way.
Elon's Musketeers unite!
Difference is they have over 1mil in their portfolio.
Congoless
I will never purchase shares in a Chinese Communist controlled company. ever
Baked in already tho
Ban for not meeting yolo reqs
They haven't. They talked about the possibility but they haven't done that yet.
Bro wtf positions?
Did the thing that caused it to drop initialyl get solved in a few days?
Hold for at least a year so you get long term capital losses for your taxes
Splice weed and tomatoes bro. Tomatijuana
But he actually does look like a penis in a suit
Wtf is going on with stuff like APPS and LMND? Was that just a correction into continued mooning or was it a bounce into more selling? I'm fkn confused now
Because it's hot as fuck but crazy and I'm not sticking with it long term.
2007
What
This guy fucks .. when when he’s not fucking ?? HE JUST DOES THE OPPOSITE !
Thanks for confirming, calls at open🥂
Lol how boss would that be bill spacman comes to see your biz and you offer him a supplement
[deleted]
Q4 earnings don't come till early 2021 tho??? Get your facts straight.
[deleted]
So why post it if you weren’t successful you autist
Buying it all tomorrow
What’s a gain?
Pls advise which stock is best for me to get to 200% greenhouse tomato production exposure
No. I’m going to try to go in on May or august calls tomorrow. They’re a very promising company imo
[deleted]
Jesus christ. I’m bringing in 3k a month with theta gang...
What are you basing that opinion on? Genuinely curious
Holy fuck. I love tomatos and mj 🤣 

🤔 must find weed tomato companies
Honestly, maybe 55-60 the Monday after, hoping it bigger but I bet the real pump will come from Dec 2020 deliveries being released prior
Calling r/conspiracyNOPOL to weigh in on this conundrum
right but is there education helping them make that money or is the job that is making them that money?   


Like the MBA essentially acts as "pay to win" thing, but that doesn't mean it belies any actual skill in making money.
You're missing a decimal point. -0.25%
Are you still bullish or you just cashed out
[Everyone liked that]
Just bought 20
Sad part is it’s too latE

I don’t think there’s any going back now.

Even by Obama’s time it was too late
What's the business
"they are cheap, anyone with $100 can play" what does share price have to do with anything? Most meme stocks are cheap, PLTR, GME, PSTH, all below 30


You can't even pump and dump a SPAC, that's my point, the lowest they get is $10. So if we allow SPACs around 10-11, they are actually SAFER than other stocks out there
Ticker?
There's also an element of "put your own mask on first before assisting someone else with theirs". 

There's nothing wrong with trying to get financially secure and independent when you're constantly struggling as a wage slave. Hell, when you get there, there's nothing wrong with checking out for a while and taking a very long vacation to enjoy your life. But when you're done with that, and find yourself bored and wanting more out of life, consider helping to pull people up out of the hole you managed to escape from. 

But don't just listen to me. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ta2zW-llIgo
Not sure.
Bc it’s a scam
But that’s all the sub is . Pltr, gme and tsla. I want more
Thank you kind sir. I will research on them.
I think it means hes going to blow himself up in an RV in downtown Amarillo
I'm down just to see those ancient F-14s get blown outta the sky
Me 99999% of the time
Was that day like yesterday?
How the fuck are people content with 7% yearly returns on boomer ass stocks like P&G / AT&T / Costco and proceed to orgasm to $1.30 monthly dividends.

Seriously, how can they be so content with MEDIOCRITY??? These are the type of people that eat well-done steak with boiled broccoli as a side
I think comcast offers a tool on your account dashboard that updates how much data you use. I know att does because I can see how much each night.

Oddly enough I see they charge $25 for a bundle of their garbage modem + router and for unlimited on top of everything. I would guess alot of people will just do that so it's probably x (number of customers who would do it) * 300 for revenue estimates.
of all the chinese stocks i bought the one that is going down
i dont get people who do exclusively CSPs. sure there are some circumstances where it makes sense but like its more tax efficient to hold etfs at that point tbh
Black market tomatoes? I’m in.
How we feeling about Arct bois
[removed]
CEO_OF_SPY is the biggest bitch on here lol
[removed]
Correct.

Smart play would be to wait for the antitrust suits to hit full retard in the news cycle and buy leaps before the final decision - the stock is sure to be hammered *before* the final decision and will most likely shoot up thereafter as the sentence would have viewed as being overly negatively priced in. Happens everytime in these scenarios.

Long leaps, just not right now.
Ledgerx
For a moment I thought, “but then that’d be useless because he’d already be inside, who needs a sign inside?” The next moment was full of tranquility; for it is I that is the useless, gay retard. Lest we all forget.
Sadly i am.  Shit is gonna be $30 soon just on the fomo
And you’re in luck because I hear the ones over 75 are first in line.
[deleted]
Emojis are just less labor-intensive hyroglifics. 

LEAPS = SLEEP 😴💴
You lost literally the saddest shit I think I'll ever see. Like adult Nick in Big Mouth.
Horrible.


People should go to jail for this!
It’s a good look tho
Just going to comment here and check back on April 1
[deleted]
Shes probably up over 10x and is gradually scaling out of her positions. Market cap getting too big. Going to start moving like a boomer stock soon
How can I see how much bandwidth I used
I’ll try some. Prob would be dope w bell peppers
Just traded some calls - GME to the moon!
Buying high selling low . This is the way.
Dudes got a rocket on him
SPACs should 100% be allowed. Same with beetkoin because in reality, everyone who wants to mention those tickers are doing it anyway using spaces or whatever else to get through the filters. 

G H I V
Cuz they know them $600 will be used to buy their shit
U is as retarded as retarded gets
meanwhile nano casually up 14% for the day🤑🤑🤑
Sounds v fun
St Judes
Step 1: Try out as many PPs as you can from all races and ages to minimize selection bias. Step 2: Profit?
Banned & Shot
Bc it’s a pump and dump EV co, not a 1/1,000,000 chance they change the game for batteries co
Cathie always sells tsla when it exceeds 10% of the portfolio, stated publicly her long term view hasn’t changed... in layman’s terms: buy the dips
Disclaimer: I hit like 10 dabs that night and I'm an occasional smoker at best. Details might be a tad fuzzy.

A buddy in the legal weed production industry told me a growing trend is greenhouse tomato production. Since the growing conditions for weed and tomatos are pretty similar, it's a stealth way to invest into industrial scale MJ production while waiting for legalization. Tomatoes give okay returns just in case things don't work out federally which is definitely a possibility. But this system allows for legally acceptable investment and a turnkey factory the second the feds decide it's okay. It's obviously a gamble but it made sense to my stoned brain and still does today. It's probably no coincedence(or is it?) that US green house tomato production has more than doubled since 2009.

TL;DR: indoor tomato companies are the next TSLA

Serious tldr: weed companies with a general agriculture division are where it's at.
RSI is high!
[deleted]
[deleted]
Everyone else calls on TAN they hold huge % ENPH
Don’t know :/
It makes no sense. There’s no way they make any money doing it.
Holy fuck bro I wanted to blow my brains out reading that thread too.
Dude subway would be great. How many NFL / subway commercials I’ve seen this year... they’ve got it goin on
I'm rock hard for Q1
Buying puts on your karma.
https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/knggcq/should_the_1b_market_cap_rule_apply_to_spacs/


SPACs are free money but mods banned <1B cap
Back in my day girls all wore black north face fleece jackets and ugz 

Like some kind of hive mind
PLTR gang rise up! 😭
Poop. Poop errywhere
Tommorow better be fucking to the moon.
[deleted]
The 1$ bill needs to be 100$
😏
What’s a good cancer charity to donate a good portion of my gains this year to?
It be good for them to address the hacking concerns and also something about delivering software updates. Someone more smarter needs to DD NET for me.
Don’t think of it as losing money.  Think of it as donating money to people smarter than you.
best news in the decade.
She sells tsla to keep the percentage of ark funds at a certain proportion and so she has capital to buy the dip...
Mitch McDonald had a farm e I e I o

He banged a dude and ruined my mood e I e I o
true, better than liking the US tho.
Belle Delphine should've filmed with Johnny Sins
Why “:(
I mean, viagra, but you better be loaded to get action over 70. 

I’m fine with the 70’s. It’s the 80’s where it seems to be like oh damn, that looks like a shitty life.
protip, with the shear amount of premium you can get selling amazon put credit spreads you dont need high iv bb
[deleted]
Like others have mentioned, if you travel a decent bit it's great. Annual airline credits, uber credits, airport lounge access, etc.

I call almost yearly when my annual fee is about to hit and usually haggle them down or get free points
IV too high though
How would you feel if it turns out to be Subway
go do something besides reddit
Shares are gonna be $80 by the time anything gets announced. 😂
We’re crashing so hard in 2021. -25% year for equities
China is the fucking borg.  Their tech empowered fascist state is a scary example of what can happen.  People are really naive to think that they can't reach a point of power and control that their people won't escape from.  People need to stop looking to the past for examples because none of that shit really applies now.  USSR and 21st century China are incomparable.  ai fueled cameras and smartphone data collection and even dna collection ensures no escape from the prison they are constructing.
Unless someone more informed can refute it, I can’t see a reason why these aren’t the best plays on the market right now. At least SPACs that are close to NAV, or have the potential to moon like a QS. It’s worth talking about.

But there is a spac subreddit, just saying.
Dumb request but does anyone have a clean screenshot of $694.20 with the chart in background? I want to screenprint it
😍😍😍
Will do, don’t you worry! I’m doing some more researching myself at the moment. Their so undervalued it’s disgusting LOL 

It stinks of insider trading
And on other brokerage when your limit price was more/less than bid/ask, they adjust accordingly to get you best execution price.

RH pockets the difference along with Citadel.

I mean RH got fined millions for it for a reason.

There's nothing wrong with using RH, but if you trade a lot, you're probably leaving money on the table dealing with RH fills. I've seen too many screenshots of people with fairly large basket size for options that I know they could have saved tons on had they went with any option focused brokerages.
He understands that destiny is ripe for the raping if you’ve got the balls needed for the taking!!!
The coming trials will basically be its own reality show when they eventually happen
Ey, my dudes, we gotta being doing kegels.

You know how you can clench your gooch and do the dick-lift muscle?   That.

Exercise that.   Hold it for like 10-15 secs; flex it to a rhythm.  Be aware of it.

Avoid the drips and prostate cancer.
Hold till -97
Way to pay higher taxes
Right!
Buy $ETR, gonna be up past 105 before summer, option spread is dank too
It will stay under $700 tomorrow and break away on Monday. I am Zoltan
Anyone spending New Years here on wsb?
I’d rather not say out loud
[deleted]
fuck him and his barcode.
I will literally be a free web developer for them, I'm a garbage ass developer but I could def fix some of this shit
BAN this low energy weasel
Pleas don't run away
Yes those fuckers. 

Especially the ones at university who all sit in the front and make the labs smell like raw fish 😷
[deleted]
You don't get F500 corporate finance and I-Banking jobs without an MBA. That education is literally a requirement.
I did a lot of swing trading this summer, I made $300 in accidental (unplanned) dividends just holding for a few days.

What will take him ten years to accomplish took me two months and I did it as a happy accident. Power to r/dividends but Jesus fuck, if I'm ever celebrating $12 a year please put a bullet behind my ear.
Ev batteries, rmo just merged - google hasn’t changed over yet and pt is 40.
I'm still laughing!
I think everyone already knows stripe is off the table but it better be wafflehouse similar revenue as Dunkin’ Donuts that was bought up for 11.3 billion, this could be like a McDonald’s situation with the property cause all subways are in shitty strip malls waffle houses are stand alone
Etsy has been pretty mild with banning since they IPO'd and decided to rake in money. In the past I got banned because I dared to login into my account from another country...
You failed the essay portion. One of the classic blunders.
BABA down almost 3% in HK when the whole market is ripping over there.
Yes sir, help spread the word 🙏🏻
Buy low sell lower
[removed]
Oh it’s the best. A bunch of jackasses determined to throw away all their money. But if they don’t they win big.
Get a time machine, go back in time, don’t do
Lol people getting that PSTH fomo huh?
Spent last 24 hrs between 3720 and 3730 .Santa rally in progress ..
We'll see. Personally, I hope it just goes straight to 100k and stay above it forever. Only expecting a 20-30% drop.
I think you are onto something here. 🤔
Those 1000c must be 200+ bagger.
At least he die doing what he likes 😂
Something interesting to note is that as of Jan 1 Comcast has a 1TB data cap in it's entire footprint. They used to just have it in the south or where fios wasn't a competitior. 

So in the northeast I wonder if more people jump to fios with it's $39.99 100/100 especially during a lockdown and wfh for the future. 

Don't know if this impacts their Q1 earnings or sub growth but something to watch. It's either really good because they could collect substantial fees for it or bleed subs to other providers.
Mitch McConnell gonna keep fucking around with the stonks market and I’ll become a fruit vendor in Congo soon
Bitmex
Cathie got yeeks
[deleted]
It’ll prob go so low it drills your mom
dis a stupid question but when you say float expanded, why is that bad for the share price?
Nobody.   

Tim Apple: 👁👄👁
I bought a steam card the other day and it was pretty easy. Maybe it's just high traffic on the site?
You sell it tomorrow and either offset against other capital gains or take the $3k loss deduction
It's a travesty there isn't a bubble emoji. Get your head out of your ass Tim 🍏
Might wanna pull the trigger Thursday. The next trading day is the 4th.
how long till we get lots of fake SPACS ?
Sorry meant earnings. I see a lot of mining companies at 10-15 P/e so I think it’s a good benchmark. Definitely thankful you reminded of lockout shares. That changes things quite a bit. 

If $5.5B total cap thats meanings I saw 25% so it would be $10 per share ha ha. However I did look up their neodymium price projections [here](https://s25.q4cdn.com/570172628/files/doc_presentations/2020.07-MP-Materials-Transaction-Deck.PDF) which said $40 for their estimates. That’s over 150% upside with current prices but still only $15/share estimate.  Even a 15 P/e puts them at $22.50. 

So what is driving this to $32 and beyond?  Do you think it’s currently overvalued?
Pltr going 70% gain instead
3 years back I thought putting my money in a savings bank account was my only option for investing. I was living a sad terrible life I'm cringing at my ignorance
Fair number of lurkers into watching young people throw their futures away.
It's the other side of a dividstart
Invited for Joe because it’s time we give a china first policy a try
Holy shit. Calm down Chad Dickens.


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I'm just not seeing this growth story...

Pre-pandemic it was something like 50% of console sales were already digital, and that was pushed north of 70% this year. This was BEFORE consoles started shipping without CD drives. By selling consoles without CD drives, GameStop will be strangling one of their highest margin revenue streams and digging their own grave, but what choice do they have? I haven't had a CD-ROM drive in my PC since 2008 and I haven't needed one since then a single time...that is where consoles are going, it is clear as day. Oh by the way, the switch to game downloads will also decimate the used game market...so there goes two of their highest margin revenue streams...  

&nbsp;

The figures on the Microsoft deal aren't released but I'm guessing it's peanuts, and it was contingent on them using Microsoft infrastructure/surfaces for 5000+ stores. Until the details are public I'm assuming Microsoft is bending them over and just threw them a bone so they would have something positive to announce. Notably missing are similar arrangements with Sony and Nintendo. They don't need to make this type of deal and they won't.  

&nbsp;

Gamers are getting older (like 30 years old is the average now?), why would an adult want to bother traveling to a GameStop so that the 16 year old employee can attempt to upsell them on some bs warranty when they could download the game from the comfort of their own home for the same price, hassle-free? GameStop is not customer focused...trying to rip you off with upselling, trying to rip you off on your trade-ins, and selling your user data  (OP mentioned this as a positive). This works on kids but like I said that's not the main video game demographic anymore. If you can't tell, I hate GameStop and haven't been to one in over 10 years, there is a reason the short interest on this piece of garbage is as high as it is.


&nbsp;

Furthermore, I think you guys are overrating Ryan Cohen, but I'm happy for input here as I don't know much about him. Is he some sort of turnaround expert? Chewy was no doubt a massive success but the timing there was just as instrumental as anything else...and GameStop is about 10 years behind the 8-ball. Also, righting a sinking ship with shitty culture is far, far different than building from the ground up. I'd be interested to see other successes he has had with activist (and for that matter hostile) investing, since the letter from his firm did have a rather threatening air to it. So if you have any info here please share.

&nbsp;

Management mentions their "omni-channel" strategy every chance they get (8 times in the most recent 10Q) while simultaneously shuttering ~500 stores this year lol. I think closing the stores is the right move but lets not pretend that online isn't where they will live or die.  

&nbsp;

Same day delivery is cool but it hinges on having stores nearby and lots of product stocked, which directly contradicts their strategy of reducing their physical footprint. I'd also be interested to see how successful it is, how often they are actually able to deliver same day and to how many customers (like, do you have to order before 9:00am or can you order at 2:00pm and get it that evening? etc..

&nbsp;

Anyway I've been wrong before but I don't understand why you guys are foaming at the mouth for GME at $20/share. Burry got in sub $5.00 or something which clearly was an amazing value play but there is no way he would be buying now.
Google it I’m sure I’ll get banned if I link it lol I applied and got approved quick
Lol fucking 6 years old can says the same shit that’s not good enough. He should say stock market is where people yolo their life saving and praying for 1000% return. That’s a good answer to me.
diamond hand until worthless
Mitch drives a 1986 Buick LeSabre with burgundy everything.
End of last year I quit my fancy corporate job to start a business. I currently don’t qualify for Trump bucks because I made too much money in 2019. I also don’t qualify for the new PPP because I can’t show revenue decline from 2019 to 2020 (business didn’t exist in 2019).

Puts on my livelihood 🤡
No it shouldn’t. They are the best plays out there rn and I haven’t seen any one worth their nuts refute it.
Nah. It’s nowhere near dead
Haha all good brotha gl trading
[deleted]
Perhaps the "tards" aren't investing in Tesla but rather the man behind it. I'm bullish on Elon, he's a visionary, what makes him happy is inventing things and seeing mankind prosper as a whole. #notaboomer
[deleted]
Nooo, who will be our customers then??
If Cathie sells Tesla, I sell Tesla. Downvote me all you want, but she’s my Ride or Die.
catch deez nuts chief
Will the new Brexit deal be good for European markets
Sure. If you know history. It’s a REPEATED pattern for the French tho. I think they’ve surrendered more than any country still in existence today.
I buy mine now, used to make it when I lived in Oregon and could catch salmon. Safeway brand isn't bad
Im jelly.
Vit C in the AM, multivitamin & zinc & garlic & fish oil in PM
China numba 4!
Oh well then I’m stupid 😂 thanks for the clarification
Make it so.
these gonna worth a mil by 2022. gratz retard
Thera gang is da best
How did you get mod hood
You are a baby dicked retard
Ok for the other 99.9% of the people on this sub they can basically be safely ignored.
So what happens if there is indeed a merger? What would happen to the shares I have?
I mean, I have a few monthly dividend stocks in my IRA but only $1 a month? The fuck?
Me: Yolos many thousands on meme stonks

Also me: Spends 4 hours watching YouTube videos on how to fix my 5 yr old phone
I average more dividends in a day than that poster made in a month.
on one hand i respect that pornstars need to get paid and that the old model pornhub had was basically stealing content but tbh i dont really have a reason to use that website anymore
Don't think unnatural thoughts about your cousin, Russ.
Not correct, if you had $1c, they would now be $4c
I think the jig is up, investors are aware of how ridiculous the valuations are. 

You probably have better luck picking other green energy stocks
He already did - charts and graphs.   Come on man,  pay attention!
Why fuck NIO? Curious
🤲
It's the only method of contact his pen-pal in Europe had since the 1800's
Guys I bought NKLA at 97 what do I do?
word. I think so too. Might see a big drop if everyone decides to get out for the day and buy back in later
Interested in this as well. After how many days/weeks of trading do you see options on spacs? And I’m guessing not all spacs will have options?
Do you make it or buy it?
He’s gonna be a Martian, TSLA to the Mars!!
Nice 6 week old article
To $0
Is this really such a ballzy trade?  Tesla should have closed above $700 today but couldn’t for some strange reason.  Could there have been a better setup?  Trading between Xmas and New Years. Stimulus checks just sent out.  Frothy frothy frothy-Market at all time highs, yet something odd happened this afternoon.  Instead of powering to new highs which Tesla has done multiple times over the past year it closed without a whimper below the every important $695.  The winds changed today.  GLTA.
[removed]
This is exactly what I was hoping to learn here. Thank you a lot.
Just take out a loan and buy the real thing...
https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/knggcq/should_the_1b_market_cap_rule_apply_to_spacs/


Anyone that plays SPACs 🙏🏻
Almost up to $1,000,000 in my PSTH holding after today.
so like they've decided the company is ded forever and are now giving its future value back to shareholders?
Politicians aren't looking to break up tech monopolies, they're just pushing for a bigger cut
You’re an IDIOT. You and I are in complete different categories in both net worth and financial prowess. 

Volkswagen alone owns 71 million shares and only 28 million went to those who invested that weren’t founders. Get off my porch you weak bitch!
Expiry?
it be atleast 400k by jan 15th
Yeah I see that now but wouldn’t my options “if I held” benefit from this short term?
Soros can suck my 🚀🚀
[deleted]
What exactly are they doing to drive the price down?
Now that I researched it, isn’t Reggie from Nintendo working at GME?  

This thing might go to the moon
95%?

I like your optimism
I'm for sure not a whale with 300k shares but I'm doing a honest days work fucking melvins wife!
pop my cherry pls 🚀🚀🚀
The ones who all group together and never speak to anyone but their click and drive around in bmw M3s their daddy who owns a sweat shop making dildos bought them?
Dividends just fine when your old and have lots of money. Or invested in a company early
I don’t disagree but I’ve been holding my calls and shares since august so I’m up bigly regardless
Is XL a pump and dump this shit heavy af
https://vm.tiktok.com/ZMJtuKtpQ/

according to this tiktok Andrew Yang is running for mayor of NYC. let’s go
不是
Interesting. Is AST one of those? I asked the lawyer doing the merger and they recommended a brokerage account. Maybe they didn’t know I was planning to liquidate it all.
I think it's an old wooden ship
How much more is FUBO going to drill tomorrow?
you say no homo?
我爱中国人！
🤯
Crash 🤮
Ikr.  Even selling calls that are bat shit OTM would make more than waiting around for these tiny dividends.  Plus you could hold an actual growth stock instead of a snoozer like $T. Brokers should make people submit their AARP card to be approved for dividend investing.
tell us more
In hindsight that BABA put wasn't a good idea
Cathie bae love ROACH
Yeah, and they also lost two World Wars.
if u hate money then just go ahead short TSLA . good luck shorting ATH .
Super good and fair points. Weird site altogether. 

That being said, solid sourced material with references and firm numbers? Historical repetition? Weird ties? I’m in.
well it's already up to 48.5 so it doesn't look like it's bleeding red lmao
I've got my cost basis down to 14 and change from selling puts to Melvin while buying up more shares. Its a pretty sweet gig.
[removed]
Hush now smooth brain, less talking , more 🚀🚀🚀🚀
We ain’t pullin back until spy 420
Yeah, how many millions of customers they bled out of DirecTV?
The thing with AT&T is that is so hard for them to not crash and burn everything they touch. If they just leave things alone, they’ll be OK. 

Netflix has nothing to worry about. HBO should be span out. It’s such a good brand.
Definitely not that guy! Definitely holding 800 shares as well!
They have no revenues, no product
I’m color blind can someone translate?
The RH effect.
I know bs
the problem is that a dead cat just lays on the floor and doesn't fall *through* it
Financial viagra for Boomers.
Boomer reverse interest on boomer stocks if you own shares.
Zoomers never even heard of gluten lol
[deleted]
Yet half of wsb throws their money at the Chinese government.
No. It might be a useless tool, but I don’t think you’d be able to realize if it is or not until it’s made. But I was thinking of having a 3d graph with everything overlaid on it from contract price, underlying price, iv, the Greeks, volume, and OI, all selectable so it’s not all up at once, and having time on a slider.
Apparently i act gay but im married with tons of kids
Its a grow'r, not a show'r
The shit eating smirk on the dollars face
Just had wicked shitty ass sex
C3.AI
It's shorthand for "divided end" which refers to a divided backend which is what 🌈🐻 get
Needs more bake time
does selling covered calls count as trading options?
Because like any vermin they love leftover trash
Nice
I support this

I think the rule is there to stop abuse but SPAC's are so hot right now, and it's completely insensible to just shut out all potentially good SPACs
I’ll buy your shares
Big sell offs from inside happen at what they think is top dollar for the stock at least thats what makes sense to me I had 2 examples but the only one I remember is NUE president selling 100k shares right before steel prices supposed to take off
FUGAZZI
China markets absolutely ripping rn
Not just China

Chinese people are so fucking annoying 

Not the Chinese descendants who are American 

Chinese immigrants who act Chinese here 

Fuck em
BABA down 2.5% in HK 😑
But the snowball effect tho
12 hours days can revenue $280-330 not counting taxes, gas or vehicle depreciation. After all is said and done - probably $15-20/hr max with no overtime. A guy on youtube did 10 hours day for 30 straight days and I think he revenues were 8-10k that month.
Bought a ps5 from GameStop. That's the long term play. Gamestop is basically corporate scalping.
[removed]
Really....now...
It is not. Float expanded a lot at merger. Selling pressure has abated and there have been large + insider buys. Plenty of catalysts coming in January furthermore. I still believe it is an excellent company.
im bullish on PSTH. i think there will be a better entry. maybe im wrong. we'll see.
IAC prime for a breakout
[deleted]
Thank, and I am learning that. Though i do appreciate the humor here.
[deleted]
[removed]
The end divided
Ah yes, I remember. Didn't touch AMZN cuz $1900 was crazy overpriced.
I’m here and I’m going to say some controversial shit, so
I see my brethren in BCRX and GME. Stay strong.
best idea they ever had was to get rid of CNN
[removed]
I’d say yea, but hold for 5 years and find out ...
Its one of us taunting lol.
The French people and some soldiers fought and fought even after their government gave up.  There were many who hated their government surrendering.
A tontine where each person to jump out takes a bullet to the head.  Nice try bud.
boring boomer stock = cash
Fucking degenerate. I’m looking for 10 baggers
The MODS don’t want you making money. K C A C (QS) was banned and went from $10 to $120. But actual pump and dump stocks aren’t banned haha
Starbucks ', Lulu's, and Peloton's success have convinced me to never go against Becky brands. Nice DD

>TL;DR 85C 1/15/2021

Idk about this call tho.
210s?? What makes you think BABA will drop that much?
Wow that chart
Will PENN get back to the $99 mark where I bought it?? Stay tuned for the last day of the year to find out
You do know they reverse split, right?
Ban
I had the similar positions sold them all and rolled 2 of them into March. Still think it can go much lower but now you’re against time. Good luck
Fuck yeah!  They got your money and you got no product.  That's 100% profit.  That's a company that knows how to make some damned money
And that you get 1/8th the amount of shares
I was looking to see if you were trying to get down to that level like drop you under it. No way begging like this like a 1450s serf gets you anywhere.
Are they making that because of their education or because of something else though?
So true. I have some pretty miserable leaning conservative friends and they’ve spent every second and dime last 6 months buying guns, buying armor (no joke) buying food packing their BOB and overall relishing in the LARP that isn’t going to happen
Praying SPY does the normal run up at open every now and then so I can hopefully get rid of these 12/31 372C so I can take a what little profits possible and run 🙏
What the fuck is a dividend
We spotted the dude selling covered calls.
Q4 earnings may be the trigger
Silver lottos
gambling degens
The most WSB portfolio right now
shorting the NDX
gambling degens
Thanks mom
Shkreli gets his stock news faster than you
How come trashy scammery people/insta thots are into forex trading all of a sudden
Why does Cathie buy so much RHHBY
I had to deposit more
yeah lol i’m bullish on gme but got puts for tomorrow, if it drills i sell and buy shares
Why is acting gay on Twitter cool now
Lol dude did you just name Kobe dying as an important event

You’re a zoomer confirmed
I disagree.
Good stuff buddy, happy for you. Be sure to ask this question in r/investing. Probably better answers there.
[deleted]
Is there any short term catalyst coming up that will send the stock higher?
[deleted]
Tide pods are gluten free though.
I wish you the best my friend.
Healthcare then energy
If you are good you aim for an AGI as close as possible to 0 if you aren’t you are fucking up big time. Start a failing business best investment you can make.
u/ajchace is a little snitch.
how dare u kill lazr. how. dare. YOU!
They really is no finessing the message. 👏
Bionano, allied artificial technology solutions, Core one labs, betterlife Pharma.

Gl
[deleted]
Lol hell no, is that even a real question? A poll is the absolute dumbest way to try and collect that information. Just going to be a bunch of biased retards rattling off the few countries they can even name off the top of their head. Most people know nothing about the vast majority of countries, how is some yokels opinion going to accurately rank the globe when the average person knows nothing about it?
This sub is straight up another branch of r/all now
How 👀
What did you yolo, GME or PLTR?
Nah, they know who daddy is
Beginning of the year, when we made Qassem Soleimani deepthroat a hellfire missile.
[deleted]
My 1000 shares are ready for take-off to the moon! 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
u/zjz
Thanks for the reply. We share the same view. I think I’ll be patient and just wait. The CC strategy has worked so well on PLTR I wanted to do it again on another high IV stock that I like and CRSR fits the Bill.

Thanks for the reply
Sneeze at Tastyworks and they'll give you naked calls.
>My next goal is $50 in a year

>267 upvotes

🥴🔫
Ive always said, the only thing that can bring down Tesla (or spacex) is elon fucking musk.
Celebrating $1 per month on dividends 😂

Wtf is that sub
100% accurate. good DD
Australian bush fires.  California wild fires.  Locust plague.  Undermining democracy.  Kobe dead.  Race wars.  Giant ammonium nitrate explosion.  Christmas bomb.

Yeah good year everybody, nicely done, retards.  Let's do it again in 2021.
Just make sure they are in theta gang and you’ll be fine
Puts on Reddit. I want my main account back
well they have the funding to do it dickweed , why the fuck do you think they went public? They raised 590M plus they have over a billion more to use if needed. This isn't a problem for them. They have been working on it for a while, it will probably be done by the time this company you keep mentioning even generates revenue off of rare earths. Don't know why you think a company that does half of the process is better than a company that can do the whole process without getting profits leeched by another company that has to refine it for them.
Makes sense, thank you
Only traitors like China
What are those things under the ticker?
[removed]
I like where you say “invest in $GME”
where lmao
[deleted]
PLTR to the moon, no successful company can exist without questionable business practices. The company is literally named after an evil all seeing eye of Sauron. What did he expect to be buying into?
Man, ask r/personalfinance. 

Surprised your company doesn’t have something set up with a brokerage already. You can usually liquidate through a company portal and transfer the funds to your bank account. 

If you need to transfer to another brokerage, use Fidelity, Etrade, Schwab where there is no Freon the transaction. Your company should have some resources regarding this since they set up the equity comp plan in the first place.
Pretty sure that when I'm on my deathbed I will at one point savour the regret that I didnt eat enough capers during my lifetime
[deleted]
I think it’s a mix of loan risk and dilution risk. Their CEO still has a crazy like 80% of their shares.
Yeah but they front run you by like fractions of a percent. Everything else is your own Genuine Trading Skill.
Humpf. This better be worth it. I couldve lost my money plenty of times by then.
But at least he’ll know the fundamentals of how he lost.
>	Made from 100% polyurethane.

Like it’s a fucking selling point hahahah
Excellent
[removed]
For real, pretty crazy that 2020 fucked over everyone at large and also (mostly) everyone individually at the same time.
It was suppose to happen within the last year. Then it was supposed to happen q4 earnings. Then it was supposed to happen 2021 q1. Then it will get pushed back more when that doesn’t happen. Just a bunch of limp dick bag holders at this point
Come on baby,  i need these $GME tendies to print.
Sub Planck length PP.

Deserves to get the physics Nobel prize and get shoved into the Large Hadron Collider to see what happens.
90k, pennies, a week
srsly is GOEV a pump and dump
[deleted]
[deleted]
I don't know man. T has been dumping for a while. They solid dividend keeps them up. But they're not even the second largest mobile carrier anymore and their linear business is basically dead.

If tmobile can roll out their home internet then T has nothing left to offer.
[removed]
Boring
yea not saying its a restaurant. but it seems very likely to me that upon any announcement that is not Stripe (which is 99% confirmed it is not) then it will sell off. doubly so if a restaurant.
[deleted]
Pretty sure Ron Jeremy went to prison or something by now
360
You underestimate how many on wsb jump in blindly following the pumpers
they moved there date of their event showcase to the 11th.
i’ve been gambling on roobet a lot lately 🥲
Just got a 35k call option on beeetcoinnn I had NO IDEA you can trade options on this shit
Lol'd out loud
This will have 10k upvotes soon just want to be early to the party
Shrink here...we've seen an uptick in patients experiencing a letdown from the pending end of the covid saga. It was an event that some people attached themselves to and they feel like they'll be lost without it. It's very sad because life is amazing so hopefully people in this category will realize that their life has purpose and doesn't need to derive meaning from this event.
Imagine liking China

Imagine even being just neutral on China

How low test do you need to be for that?
Got into the "time for a pull back zone" so would've be surprised to see a decent pull back soon but hoping it hits 30k first.
No one actually know what they’re going to do until the market opens and this sub tells them what to FOMO into.
All this came  as a surprise to me. Fucking sweet end to a shifty year. Even better, there are milestones that will keep stock and checks coming for a while. This is how rich people must do it. A lot easier than saving salary.
CFA, MBA, FMVA, FRM 

Like a mf on a gamer forum with all the 1337 nametag shits.
Facts fuck those third world pieces of shit.
[deleted]
The amount of idiots that think the shares of baba in hk are one to one with the ADR is increasing everyday. More worrying, there are multiple morons that don’t even understand that one is priced in HK dollars
Wendys isn’t too bad lots of people here work there could probably refer you
yea the real problem isn't melvin its sherman and the boomer board
Dude Ritalin is for retards Vyvanse is for geniuses!!!
Average* market return is 9% per year. Some people want to get to a point where you withdraw 4% of your account each year, allowing for 5% of the gains to remain. If you have enough, this allows you to live off the interest your account generates while never touching the principle and still allowing for growth. Yes, I do realize what sub I’m in

* I’m not saying monthly avg or even yearly but over long periods of time. This is purely historical
[deleted]
Young kids have Christmas break, they’ll be gone on January when they go back to school to pursue their arts degree
I'm guessing he is starting to get a Messiah complex, especially since he checks Reddit occasionally.

Maybe he is right though, who knows.
What? No. Just stop using that garbage company.
Why wouldn’t it
Not $90k
Yummmmm sexy boo
It’s in the genes.  Seriously. Some people have something in their saliva that prevent cavities. 

You probably see good teeth on one side of your family.
Amen.
If you are under 50 and give more than a passing shit about dividends you are doing it wrong.  FAGIX beats most dividend aristocrats if DRIP capital appreciation is your goal.
ok. gets added to my cost basis right
[deleted]
If it’s untaxed I wouldn’t be that mad
Bang Bros or bust
Where in the world are you? how comes?
Wasnt there a point where we were worried about war with Iran?
Hey Alanis, help me understand why that's ironic...don't ya think
Why wouldn't this be a sell the news event?
next year as in Friday?
They already got enough problems, with their anxiety, and tide pod cravings
That movie was so good. She has a fat face my kinda skinny body. 6/10.
This
Just buy butt coins

Using cash app from square

Or PayPal
Work out them kegels, bro
[deleted]
so we dumping or pumping tmr
Amazing.  All that institutional money came in at $25.

It isn’t just NAV.  It’s the 2/9 warrants.   It’s also the ability to participate in an “IPO” of a company.  These institutionals are accustomed to paying a pretty penny for that privilege.

It isn’t about how “sexy” a company is.   It is about the valuation that the deal is done at.   Having an investor roll with the names BA has will enable him to get the same company at a lower valuation compared to other SPACs.

Also, the warrant coverage and sponsor cut is much lower on this SPAC.  

Considering all of this, PSTH is still well priced, which is why I added another couple hundred k yesterday.
APPL 12/31 $134c
If you bought on his second pump you'd be down 49% bagholding his dump.

That's how a pump and dump works. You bought on the pump, he dumped on you as well - but you lucked out that he pumped twice
Hahaha
Im neither and got offered the shot for this weekend
How about you put the pipe down and step away.
What sector?
About half the time, 50% of the time
Are there any zoomers in the military?

I feel like they’re all so frail it’s hard to imagine them doing anything other than getting fucked in the butt
You forgot $T bagholding $40billion (+debts) on Direct TV
I know he still has shorts on Tesla, not sure about GME.
Betting against the Q is un-American
Ok, hear me out.

1) Create different series on different games and host those.

2) Have multiple big sponsors help with some merch (Corsair, Asus, etc.) and have some "save 5% with code GAMESTOP4EVER" promotion throughout the whatever series you have going on - even without big sponsors you could promote what you have the highest margins

3) Have big prizes and guarantee that 0,10% of every purchase made through the GameStop Omnichannel Online MarketPalce goes to the pool dished out. Now you have gaming nerds buying shit to have better competitions etc.

4) Once covid goes away, have in-house qualification rounds with some pre-built computers (hand-picked by the nerd squad) or playstations or whatever that run the game well and give some out as prizes and that way promote your pre-built computer line which will have grossly overprized margins or playstation/xbox where you can have percentage of the games bought.

5) etc.


Idk, but that might be something they could do. Sorry if the formatting is shit, I'm a bit retarded.

edit. Once the events are big enough the partners will be paying top dollar to participate and get good name recognition.
[removed]
Gotta lock in a full year of self help training. go hard everyday. small gains.
This is the way.
Here’s some dd for those who liek money: NIO day Jan 9 = NIO to the moon   Buy Jan 15 or 22 calls🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🇨🇳🇨🇳🇨🇳🇨🇳🇨🇳🇨🇳
I’ve got May calls. What do you think.
Agree 100% but just can't see any restaurant merger needing this much cash.
wafl house would be awesome. but all these fintwit retards who bought in thinking Stripe, robinhood, coinbase etc will hit that market sell with the quickness.
I mean, in an ideal world if you had a cash account and a margin account you'd hold the stock in the cash account and have the optionality to lend at your discretion, while using any options in the margin account (not encouraging the use of margin, just as an example. Could be just one cash account). Basically I think it's bullshit that firms like RH lend your shares out and don't give you a penny of the profit.

Obviously come voting time it's essential that you cease lending, or move the shares to a cash account, to ensure you have the right to vote for Ryan Cohen's board slate (assuming that's what it comes to in the Spring).

Longwinded answer...just buy the shares if you have conviction in the thesis. Don't overthink the lending stuff.
bruh 300? man u need the vatican council
Fuck Mitch McConnell
I have no idea, but his net worth did increase about 50,000,000 per hour each hour this year (10 hour working day, no work on weekends and holidays). I'd probably go a bit coocoo too if this were to happen to me, and do some random tweeting.
You guys have an account?
Bought AMZN calls today and not doing so well. Any chance this continues into new year? Why is everyone turning its back on this co
That’s what i do lol
#GmeGang works in mysterious ways
Can I get some gold to show off to my wife’s boyfriend?
I have 200 shares at 400 cant wait
Do you get your news from a carrier pigeon?
[removed]
Because of peter thiel or?
LMFAOO
No
Sir this is a wendys
Higher highs and higher lows for beet
[deleted]
Event Horizon like the movie where he opens a wormhole into hell?  I guess I'm down with the tendies...  hail Satan!!
[removed]
I feel like I've heard about them having very specific dye processes (back end of car 1 piece if I remember) ....not sure anyone else has that stuff. Probably needs custom machines. I would be certain chrysler doesn't have the tools, robots, etc they'd need.
I feel this
Send the zoomers to war with China NOW
SE 195p 12/31/20. Feel like the sell off will continue tomorrow and figured why not feel like a bear for a day.
ARKQ bruh
This was me two days ago... again!!!
[removed]
remember when it shot up to 20? that was itt
Thank you!
February/March
It ain’t going to happen tomorrow, needs a catalyst
What's the best way?
Dude only thing that sucked for me was tearing my ACL otherwise was a dope year
Why would it?
Just trying to help WSB, one put at a time.
Fuck NIO

Marry TSLA

Kill LAZR
can't tell if i should invest in $GME or $CRAYOLA
Smoked salmon dip the 🐐 dip
And counterfeits too... it'll be like the vape cartridge crisis where people start dying from peanut butter juice in a syringe
Bummer dude, don't even get to ring in the new year getting off on your wife's blowie
A SHITTY STOCK WHICH ISN’T THAT SHITTY  ANYMORE.  

AT&T has it in them to pop as much as DIS & rival them and NFLX.  

Go ahead call it one of the worst value trap or ultimate boomer stock.  DIS has paved T’s way and even gave them a roadmap.  HBO-MAX will significantly increase their multiple and if not they could spin them of with way it’s a win.  Dirt cheap lowest IV and few are yet to notice.  

Existing & New Content; arguably only DIS could do it better (T now has all Warner Bros & HBO upside)

There most of you are looking for good ideas and here’s a very good one. Yet few if any will see it that way and will continue to throw money at shitty, over valued, pre revenue and badly run companies.  T will be at $40 by Dec of 2021.
Fuck China in their asses
It's fair enough if they want to play it safe, but why not just put money in an indexed ETF so at least they get some growth, even if it's 9%pa
Congo fruit vendor 🤣
Why not SBE? About to merge with charge point literally the global leader in charging stations. Been in business for 13 years already. Already profitable, already have 70% of the world's charging stations. Might be overvalued rn but might have a decent buying opportunity after there merger.
Usually lately I’ll just make a good quick relatively cheap yolo bet on short term vertical spreads. I’m down 70%, but hey, I used to be up 100% and down 90%. Just remember: it’s a casino.
vitocorleone?
Their anger gives me a chubby.

Also, Charles Schwab can lick 👅 my taint.
#WeakassStimmyBets

I’ve watched this sub go from baller ass shit like buying oil tankers to $600 dollar bargain bin plays. 
**WTF happened?**

I’m taking a break for 2 months and better come back to more Ron Jeremy Cameos.
Friends and family telling me to buy bitchcoin. This is the top.
and u know that killed the sub u fuckign idito
Positions provided.
Is this the last Stimmy cheque? Surely this is the bottom of the USD/CNH plunge? Can i buy now?
Fuck, marry, kill

NIO, TSLA, LAZR
Lol

🌊🌊🌊🌊🚣‍♂️
Sorry about your penny stocks.
Didn’t order a burger. Had some smoked salmon w cream cheese and capers instead. Hashtag skinnylife
Well they did the thing where they posted the blacked out images on Instagram so that basically solved the race issue in America
unless you selling them 😂
They turned options trading on for me!!! But not in my 401k brokeragelink account. Fuckers.
He is talking about them gay bears asses 😂 TSLA 2/19 1000C to the fucking moon 🚀🚀🚀
Imagine being a member of the generation that made the Paul brothers rich.
ironically that same weeks monday **just so happens to be on the 11th**
Are you talking to me buddy?
went to the dentist once in the last ten years. They said your teeth look good, but you need to floss more. Haven't been back
You old gay ass
This sub should have only fight club rules!
I thought he was shorting GME.
That actually happened in 2019 though.
I've got may 17.5c and jan 2022 25c
I jelq too
cheers brah
>you have too many chromosomes

I'm pretty sure some company in that fund has a fix for that
Bahahahah
[removed]
[deleted]
u dropped this 👑
TSLA $700 and GME $22 tmrw 🚀🚀🚀
Mitch the type of dude to taste his own nut
GME squeze ETA? I got all of my money in GME and I'm getting sort of bored of seeing litterally nothing happen.
Judging by the velocity and height of the kick, your looking at 4k/share EOY if my math is correct
Friendly reminder that when TSLA first broke 300-400-500 and 600, it didn’t go down for 3 to 7 days. Still holding sizeable 650c 1/15s incase it breaks 700. Mentally ready for a 680-685 dip but won’t be surprised if it opens 700+ tomorrow and 720 by Monday.
Theres gotta be atleast one 25 year old CHAD in the GME gang. We can send them over and handle this. I shall buy their ticket and good food for the occasion
Yeah I thought the Race Wars would really take off and go somewhere but that all simmered down quickly.
You’re a dingbat for buying puts on something that lost nearly 20% value in a week.
He looks authentic
i own nothing in this but seeing your post i decided to go to the gamestop website just to see if you right and the website is down lol.
Positions or ban
Bro that top comment on the r/dividends meme post has me dying 💀💀💀
[deleted]
personally I think Melvin smashes his dick on the table and tried to bully us with the SSR no longer in place. 

As I've said many times before, this is a war. One day, week, month does not a war make.
Find old comments of anyone who said that and report them for misinformation.
Bears r cucks
Lock in your gains by selling it or a strike against it. Never hurts selling your gains early
*jyell
Your accounts are growing!?
Hold JMIA if it’s up, Buy if it’s down.
Jan 2022 30c
The big rotation vid?
AAPL go back up
Baba with that dead cat bounce
Jesus not only is your information recycled so are your jokes. You ever have original thought? Just man up, say "you're right" and move on. Don't make your self look irrelavent and dumb, enough of that going around WSB.
Yeah after Ted Cruz who the hell was like we nailed it.
I'm guessing that you're imaging a way to visualize strikes, expirations, and profit/loss estimates. 3D Options Profit Calculator?

X axis = time

Y axis = strike (up is calls / down is puts)

Z axis = profit/loss potential


Something like that?
Mitch is the kind of guy who eats an onion and few Oreo cookies before his dentist check up appointment.
for me it is the other way. money trying for me to come back but I won't have it anymore. PLTR made me homeless and I am never going back to money.
mitch: so we have a very bipartisan bill here ready to be passed with strong support from the American people. but whats in it for me?
Been my ST profile for years
When I first joined a couple months ago I asked how options worked, and was told to shut the fuck up. I lost $700 on a pltr call and now I know how they work, sorta
I did exactly the opposite! Started with 10k now I’m at -2400
Just buy it fgt
That's a relief.  2020 can't take him with it.
That hairstyle is only worn by clowns. Fitting.
Cathie Wood, Cathie Wood, Cathie Wood.

Fuck one, marry one, fuck one.
Bullish
That is a great question! Probably 500 at the time maaaybe 1000 this far out (pre split numbers obviously) but never expected anywhere near this sort of run
Absolutely. Gold is more than enough
Pltr is our baby yoda. He needs more training, but soon he will be a very powerful stonk
Red days are illegal
Half this sub is getting wiped out by GME, you really think anyone here has enough brain cells to rub together to generate enough power to even understand what a dark pool is
Hahahahaha
Your mom doesn't even think your shitposts are funny.
You just lost 5 grand..
I just add on dips 

🐝 gang

We aint sellin
Old and gay
This guy fucks. He is even wearing a kodak hat. he definitely bought it at $60
I’m blinded by the wall of text and with ZERO🚀
🏳️‍🌈🐻 do love their entropy.
Sry boys I bought BABA calls
imagine being a youtuber and making a reaction video while you are getting vaccinated
How would I be able to see like by the minute purchases like that? Think or swim?
Only if you can deposit more
Did he place first in a math contest?
Probably some new Grimes lyrics.
2020 wasn’t even that bad 

other than the part where china released the virus on the world

Otherwise was pretty chill
What's a good bitchcoin etf?
That’s a lotto ticket at best.
You're throwing out a lot of big words that I don't understand, ima take it as disrespect so watch your mouth.
I did and then I lost it again hahah was down 2.8k quit for a bit put only 600 in and went to 3.2kand went back down to 750 and called it quits for another bit until stimmy drop im a goober
Cocaine dampens the MDMA peak
What you got on PLTR
Old news
Everyone talk about China and Nikkei but no one look at Korean ones lol, they pump even harder over there
Wrote or bought?
Maybe kid is 12?
Nah
WYM, I'm down for some coke rn
😂
Lol that this was a reference to soft bank🤣
Thoughts on FSR? I have a bunch of 5/21 and 12/21 calls. Slow going right now and a lot of negative sentiment here, but I think this one has big potential.
If someone paid me $25k I would get all the vaccines.
American ideals are still 💯 - I'm mostly juxtaposing Xi's PR to whatever the fuck DJT's strategy has been for the last 4 years. Part of it wasn't his fault because he was undermined from day 1. But either way, America needs leadership. Where are all the super smart, charismatic, respectable 60 year olds?
I had to google Jack Ma images to make sure the pic I saw wasn't photoshopped. 

You'd think the lizard people had perfected the art of making human face masks by now.
Don’t let the Japanese hear about this
U just got to hit a 10 bagger and you’re back to break even
why wouldn’t you pick the mfer that grows into a fucking dragon
What do you expect for tomorrow, sage?
Makes pp big
Yeah the pltr deciable was pretty bad but a lot of the gme stuff has substance
[deleted]
TSLA go Brrrrrrrrrrrr
Bought $SFIX 1/15 60p after seeing a post about a week ago. Can’t decide whether to close tomorrow or hold hoping for another leg down.
Lol I did that a couple days ago and got downvoted.

Today I bought GME calls and shares.  Fuck yall
Found the gigabull
[deleted]
I don't date BBWs
Good to know I think ill accept the card offer
I bought a few BABA 300 calls for March today.. pray for me
BABA selling off in Hang Seng :(
i think it will sell off and remain low for awhile after LOI. like I said if you look at his background it will clearly be a non-hype play. it couldl very well be a restaurant which would very likely mean a sell off.

i can buy in right now at 27 bro im sooooo salty. im warning the noobs here who think he's going to merge with a super sexy tech pick and the stock will go 2x or 3x like many spacs do.
[deleted]
I’m surprised there’s not more comments
Funny how some people wouldn’t take it for 25k and others will pay 25k
Awesome. Many people including myself wish to have had the foresight at the time. Enjoy your tendies. 🍻
Are my square 215 and 217 puts gonna print tommorow
Grass/poison is dope bro. Cycle him to poison everyone
AAPL did in the 1990s.
One time then got greedy and expired worthless anyways
One word and the great American icon Wafflehouse tickers gonna be WAFL
\>election day will mark the end of covid you heard it here first folks  
You 2 months ago, probably.
Actually a fair question so I won’t give a shitpost answer. I think like most people they’re pretty lazy and complacent with the situation rn, or they aren’t actually scared and this is fun to them.
I feel you bro but you're gonna be in for a bad time If you think Jan 1 gonna end this shit.
Oh hell no. This MFer over here.. AND they're a boomer.. wtf is this my people
Yeah I just deposit more money.  Problem solved
🅱️eaked Whale
https://www.nbcnews.com/video/new-species-of-beaked-whale-possibly-found-off-mexico-97463365684
I sold covered calls, so a red day would nail my gains for the year
He would just sell the options and collect his fat paycheck.
I got them to wave my annual fee this year since I wasn't traveling.
rehab
my dmt experience  was pretty cool
That's a dumb question, bro. Nobody knows and if they do they're not going to be here. Anyone who does tell you doesn't actually know and had an agenda.

With that knowledge would you even want anyone to tell you what's going to happen tomorrow?
It's Congolese bro
[removed]
Holy fuck I'm wheezing reading this 🤣💀💀💀
That poor, neglected and abused account.  What kind of sick monster does that to their money?  How do these people look their wives in the eyes after she comes home from her spin classes that she stays at over the weekend...
[removed]
Anyone had success spot trading on fat darkpool divergences ?
Thanks Grandpa. Your news.google.com is 13 days late to the party lol
[deleted]
Just find the next 10 bagger , it's that easy
Whoever's buying all this gold, add more gme shares
When in Doubt, I whip it Out.
Good call on the cpa. I’ll ask him. I don’t even know what amt is. This is all new and kinda inadvertent to me.
I'll buy into GME just to thwart this cunt
This!
This is the way
You should've taken a break when you were down 40%
I was at -97% and then deposited more money and I’m like -30% now
I have leaps on the bearish dollar etf up 100% with 14 months to expiry the open interest is atrocious though
just wear support hose instead
[removed]
Down over 2% in HK not sure why the downvotes. Some salty losers out here.
Prob hold this retarded tsla 760 FD, and watch my arkg and pltr LEAPs shit the bed
I don't really travel that much, would it be the wrong card
The funniest thing I read today was that some upscale clinic doctors reported that people called them and offered $25k for the corona vaccine. 

Imagine if the vaccine was traded as a commodity.

https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2020-12-18/wealthy-patients-scramble-covid-19-vaccine
https://www.forbes.com/sites/greatspeculations/2019/02/09/how-to-qualify-for-trader-tax-status-for-huge-savings/?sh=5c0451ea1a0a
Really can’t believe 2020 is almost done. The amount of shit that has happened in my life and the world is a lot. I just wanna settle down, beat my meat, and yolo fds in 2021
nice crayons 🚀
I bought 461 shares at $21.62 this week.  Down 11 points so far, the rest of you retards better pick up some slack
[deleted]
[deleted]
calls on aids
Sell my bidu FD, maybe buy a nio call for March..  make some crepes for breakfast.
Where can it been seen
Is this from Family guy?
Sold FUBO puts....😭😭
Dude that's fucking incredible don't let the autists make you think you need to be either homeless or a millionare.
Well I’m scared but I have SQ 217 and 215 put
You mean $GBE?
Cause his wife’s gang banging everybody.
Re do your math you autist. That’s not 34%. 🥶🥶🥶
A lot of nervous baba holders here lmao
Fuck yeah BABA down to 230.2 in HK my baba 230p 1/15 boutta print hopefully also here’s the link so you bulls can follow https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/9988.HK/
Dude you are spot on. Lazy people out here feeling like heroes for staying home and watching tv
So you think things will magically
Change beginning Friday? Lolol
Tesla bounces around so wildly, you can’t hold an option for one day after it hits big. Blink puts were big yesterday. Gotta sell
[removed]
It isn’t “pumping” because your buying won’t move this stock, the merger will. If you’re someone who would yolo on a speculative play, this is probably the best bet you can make. You couldn’t ask for it to be any clearer and you’ll only have yourself to blame.
In Fidelity they have a way to see what your unallowed losses for the year are.
Healthcare
Hard to watch
Can you imagine no love, pride, deep fried chicken, your wife's bf always sticking up for you?
Yes I did leave the company, though. My best friend was made my manager, and he acted like an asshole so I said fuck it I quit. Still never spoke to him again. I helped that dickhead out of some serious depression, too.
[Mitch McConnell: the Shutdown Grinch - ***January 2019***](https://imgur.com/gallery/4mB2OdY)

not again men
Half what it is. Corona was a gift to tech. All the dinosaurs had to adapt and get technified
😆😆😆
[deleted]
[deleted]
Mitch is the kind of guy who goes to the animal shelter. Plays with all dogs but never adopts any.
No
Id volunteer to be yeeted into space no pussy ass mars shit like deep dark void space yippee-kai-aye put me on a rocket with a flame sword pointed towards the infinite depth. Pussies dream about mars.
Wait why tomorrow? I just got into Tesla today
They're gonna turn that into $1070 by 2022! They go hard over there!
Unpopular opinion: We'll see BABA under 220 eventually. Just another buying opportunity.
[deleted]
I don’t believe it will be successful. Dissolved after two years.
[removed]
Apparently a secondary offering (dilution). You'll probably be ok
Slv looking like a snack
>  Mr Burns syndrome

Niceee
Has anyone come back from -90% before? Asking for a friend
Dude I wish
im sure this is important to him and his reputation. but the bottom line is his background in investing is in Food, restaurants, retail and hospitality. not sure he would take a big risk on a company in tech or fintech which is just not his specialty. again im sure his investment will be a banger, but people keep pitching names tech or fintech names but thats really not his wheelhouse. If its another restaurant chain like Subway, chick fil a, in n out i really dont see how it doesnt sell off.
My brother chose bulba and now he’s retarded
If you've bought shares don't worry about it. GME is a 6 month hold. There's a good chance of a short squeeze but not guaranteed, and it's not really possible to know when it will start. If you are going with options then do June expiration
Algos can’t catch covid. I, for one, welcome our AI overlords.
Can somebody comment their actual fucking moves tomorrow for once
Is this an argument for or against? Both are very healthy, viable businesses that will stand the test of time.
Stonks gonna bubble til jpow announces interest rate hike or end of QE. So at least another year or two
Portrait mode no rotation, got it.
Apes together strong
No units of currency, I'm assuming this is pesos
[deleted]
Calls on $NUKES?
Is it better to not buy gme at all if you're going to buy on margin? Some guy posted yesterday that most brokers will lend shares out anyways without requiring any kind of permission.
This checks out. 😎
I’m with her
It’s daddy Thiel himself 

https://www.ftc.gov/enforcement/premerger-notification-program/early-termination-notices/20210675
Upvote for misspelling his name like everyone who quotes Buffett around here does.
vti!!!!!!

lol
McConnell says Despite Not Voting on Stimulus Now........

.....there's no expectation to vote for it anytime soon either :)
If 🐝 does what QS did I’ll fucking shit my depends.
[deleted]
What was the furthest OTM call that was available?
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
Took me months to find a pair of Carhartt overalls in my size on eBay-esque sites for a price I was willing to bid on. Also lost more money than they cost on my drive to work b/c Weeklies deteriorated.
[deleted]
already ahead of you
Also moving off robinhood aswell but I don’t wanna sell those shares
how well do hk/german markets reflect the us market?
Sunpower (SPWR)🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Tendies is your near future! Tesla is going down 2021
If you travel, yes
Do u think it will be massively red i got square puts I’m trynna print 🤓
PLTR
That's actually perfect if you're selling puts
Best TA I've seen on here in a while, good work.
$1000
Minus the intense jaw clenching
Like I want to buy an iPad and there is sig I have my eye on and I lost 1k on amzn this week
doubtful.

don't think many will agree with you contention of too many red days.

matter of fact, it looks dead-ass wrong.
[removed]
Make sure to ask them all to poop before you do.
Wouldnt forcing every shorter to buy back over 100% of existing shares cause the stock to go to ♾?
[deleted]
This is my quant

Notice anything different about him?
That's actually perfect if you're selling puts
good for you bro get that sack
Go on........
Still a good time???

It's the RIGHT time!

I averaged down biggly at open today.
I still have more dry powder available.
So I just got offered the amex platinum card, is it worth it?
Why is this bot trying to delete my post?
Whatever you need to tell yourself grandpa, next time use this cool new website "news.google.com" to see how old your brand new tips really are...
I don’t think so, I should double check and not be a retard about it. Good point!
Last Tax day was the 29th I heard
This is retarded
I'm loaded up to the tits on 1/29s lol
Someone sounds salty that they’re  missing the boat. It’s worth the risk, this billionaire has his reputation on the line. You’re a buyer at 24 but not 26? So you’re saying it’s not worth the 7% risk? Sounds dumb to me
What's IV crush?
Nobody is freaking out we chilling. Held strong this week
That's actually perfect if you're selling puts
NVDA
$BABA dumping hard
Long dated $T calls.

My play is cheap and close to the money calls. The play is a run up ahead of the late January earnings report. Beyond the report we're hoping for strong HBO subscriber numbers.

My calls are all mid-September dated.
Inauguration Day will mark the end of covid you heard it here first folks
Here for the gold
Is he wearing a turtle shell
[deleted]
Absolutely! It’d start for the oddness then who knows where it would go?! And he could certainly bring a shitload of famous people
Just make sure you wear a mask! 😷
Then you're a crackhead.

We've all been there.
Algos don’t take vacations
Unless you can apply for this 

https://www.forbes.com/sites/greatspeculations/2019/02/09/how-to-qualify-for-trader-tax-status-for-huge-savings/?sh=5c0451ea1a0a
He was definitely short TSLA at some point
Thank god this year is done. Pretty depressing with the non-stop on and off lockdowns. Trading is fun and all, but stressful as fuck and I can’t even enjoy anything after.
Give me a massive red day tomorrow, wanna end the year with big dick theta gang win
doggy only dont want to catch the virus
Media is trying so hard to fear monger and get clicks on their website. Fucking trash
[deleted]
for sure lol
Yolo everything until you can afford a Japanese shit box
What is he going to say? A meme stock is now shooting through the sky? He doesn’t have a story from the 80’s he can share about this.
He’s been watching DEVs
[removed]
I hope so. Tomorrow’s payday: you know what that means.
The earth has been invaded by gay bears named Melvin. I look forward to reading the report of their ultimate demise 180 days from now. GME 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
[deleted]
Mitch is the type of guy who makes Mitch is the type of guy jokes on WSB
We need to make China pay for the virus
Why not both?
Any predictions for NIO day?
Money pleas fly
thats good as well as long your in any stock that does with those products, i think you’ll be set
Probably busy doing his side chick
Calls on Super Rona and Super Gonerehha
I've wanted to get in on this but just can't swing the % over NAV and possible long term wait. 

Plus, if it's Subway I would be super disappointed.
20,000 loss def ain’t a waste of time
The stimulus is less than 1000 so it’s instant.
Not for a long time. Too many tailwinds.
work productivity? I was told this was Skynet? It helped catch Osama Bin Laden. Cured Covid. Now you telling me this is Excel ?
What am I if I'm broke and scraping resin?
There’s a difference between yolo and deliberately throwing money in the trash lol
The science-first crowd only allows science that confirm their subjective biases.
Cocaine noob
What dmt stonk?
Don’t do this actually because they will deny your application if you started trading options before the age of 18. Only lie up until the age of 18.

Edit: I did this and I had to call someone to “correct” my application
Only 6? How many times in 6?
you could literally fill a plastic bag with empty cans, one time, and deposit them at your local grocery store for more money than that.  imagine doing that twice
Can they give us some of that big green dildo?
I’m gonna fuck so many guys tomorrow night at this New Years party holy shit
if BABA goes back down to 210 im doubling my position.
SPY $375 EOY
I mean, isn't that exactly what is happening? High speed algorithms front run retail trades and pocket the difference?
r/stocks
“I want to put $1000 into the stock market in 2021” what should  I invest it in 
😂
Don’t care. Vote


Lmfao
ARKG
SQ
NET

all are currently in dips
Thank you, this is the funniest shit I’ve read all day 😂
Why stand when I can sit? I’m lazy like that.
What a little bitch.
With a vaccine roll out, qe, 0% rates, and easy YoY comps? I’m not too worried...
How much money did he use for those others compared to what he's doing with this? Just seems to me like he's looking for a much bigger play outside the box this time is all.
😂😂😂 ho this is rich.. I needed this laugh! I’m out here feeling like 10% in a week is wasting my life
Starting to think CNBC forced him into "vacation" as substance abuse discipline.

My guy didn't even say "See ya next year" before he left
That feeling when your looks aren’t that great but then your personality is even worse
Upvoting for Nathan for You. Nathan belongs here with his really good grades
Maybe its just good PR, Xi very well could have paid to manage his image to the west now that Buyden is more likely to play ball
Gdxj slv clan rise up
PharmD over here. Palantir 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
500 checkin in
Thanks. Any particular reason?
Congrats, on your sobriety. It’s a tough time of year especially in these conditions. Stay strong my dude. Happy New Year.
Thinking about old Mitch while I enjoy my Twisted Tea tonight.
He’s on vaca
40% silver miners, 30% PLTR leaps, 20% TRIT and NVDA monthlies. Roaring 20s begins next week.
I agreed with all your points on previous posts and upvoted you. Merely was pointing out that although Tesla has young people hype, old people are driving sales. There was no “gotcha” mentioned. You wrote that narrative all by yourself.
This is the way.
Which normally would force them to act. I think they will tolerate any kind of inflation until the large white collar job purge begins. At that point things will start to spiral and they might have to act.

I don't see Biden having the courage to tweet "JEROME RAISE THE RATES" like lardo would. But this isn't like 2009. There isn't savings or consumer demand that can fill the void. You can't gig the gig economy anymore. 

Bottom line is interest rate increases and honestly some straight up telling people "you lose" is the only way back.
Alt account officially banned, now i have to wear this scarlet letter if i want to post in the daily thread
I should sue russia for lost income stealing my OF content.
[removed]
Feel like this is still a good time to hop in arkg
Chinese waiving a big green dildo
My phone has a pop-up camera so they won't even be able to see me jerk off to sissy porn
I have been given a large number of shares in a public company as a result of that company merging with my startup. I know how many shares I have and how much they are worth. It wasn’t a 1:1 conversion if that what you’re asking. They also cut me a fat check for some reason. Sweet deal, to be honest.
BIDU calls at open = free money tmr
I never thought of it but a trump podcast would break the fucking internet. Especially if he decides to start talking about ufos and shit.
So you're saying tsla is going to be a trillion dollar company in a month, it sounds so retarded that it makes sense, fuck it I'm in
Naw, I'll take the first anyday. You might be just gay.
This is technically true because the absolute worst date will be in 2021 during lockup expiration
TSLA/SQ/PLTR/ABNB/LMND

And RIOT leaps. That’s it.
I thought they censored nudity on Twitter
Haha it is, I was a little guy before
Great job
Haven't heard anything about Cramer this week.  Starting to worry.
worst investment choice of my life is being too old for Pokémon when t came out. Those $3 packs are now worth hundreds.
Thank you for your sacrifice
People are comparing this play to buy shovels and picks during a gold rush. Batteries are the way
I mean... he does tho.
He bought at $5, so he wasn't wrong. He was 4x right
I wrote a DD on BIDU a while ago and people shit on me, telling me I was buying the top. 

BIDU killed it the next day and a handful of gentlemen made bank alongside me. 

I've since lost all of those gains.
[deleted]
They can’t get the virus. Mr Burns syndrome...all the diseases cancel each other out.
Get outta here
NIO ABNB and some weed
You mean so 2020. Alcohol sales breaking records right now.
The government forced the shut downs. I think we as business owners and individuals could have been resourceful enough on our own without a full shutdown scenario
Where are to 5k in the calculation? Is it 10$ premium per share?
Ya, I grabbed some 1/21/22 TAK $25c for $84/ea x10
With 4.5 dividend yield and RH margin at 2.5 you would make money just by holding shares if the deal doesn’t happen. If it does 🚀🚀🚀. I’m holding 50 shares.
Just an FYI, BA means Bill Fucking Ackman, not Boeing
Lol! Are you me? I just looked at it and came right here
Elon has multiple companies. Tards investing in tesla think they investing in spacex
As someone who made a bunch of money in GME. I agree. But at the same time, nothing has changed. 

All dying retail stores try to push online growth and shut down stores. GME was undervalued at $4 to probably $30 (~$4B mkt cap) but it will continue to underperform Amazon and Best Buy long term.

What stops Walmart from offering console buy backs? What stops Best Buy from doing it?
Literally Amazon prime yourself 1000 Vitamin C capsules, and take like 4-5 a day. Bingo
No, I’ve got too much going on in my portfolio right now and need to cut it back. I jump up a couple hundred bucks intraday and have no clue where it came from.
Keep going man
[removed]
Last chance to get in on G H I V low b4 its 🌚 mission
[deleted]
I picked charmander but apparently a lot of experts say bulbasaur is the move cause you sweep through the first two gyms EZ
[deleted]
Idk what the fuck to buy tmo
*Rogaine
ARKG up up and up goooooo up!!
Watching cucks beg for money on shark tank. F that! I'd rather yolo all my money and go live in a box
Agreed brother, no way I’m living past 70. I want to go out with my dick still working at least
If you bought calls for April why are you sweating 1 day's movement? Goddamn people are stupid.
Ban
Once the merger is firm it'll take off into space
Good call, comrade
That's anti fat acceptance you monster.
What happens if I don’t execute? Is the market going to dip tomorrow because of taxes?
It’s a picture of your salad, Makaighla, let’s not bring Ghandi into this.
Positions?
I means Tesla stock is gonna go up
I only made like 4000 on this so far. 4 dollar movement compared to what can happen is meaningless imo. I dont see this shit dipping below 25 anymore anyway. Nobody expects this to be a quick deal who is saying this is getting done anytime soon? I mean you can always scale in by selling puts too.
[deleted]
Don't listen to this guy because then you will end up 35 and alone with your life in a mess and contemplating $rope because your girlfriend of 10 years left you.
They only going up in 2021
Welp, we have a kid now... 😌
They would unfriend your ass
This is a recurring meme for years so yes
Damn this is more retarded technical analysis than most actual technical analysis
[deleted]
Nice BABA dip tomorrow to buy in... I missed the boat on the huge 6% spike two days ago
Yawn. No wonder you think the Irishman is better than goodfellas.
What about MDMA? I love you
Thanks, I’ll try that. The letter has info I need to transfer it to a brokerage firm if my choice, but I have no idea how to compare them. Fat wallet had a chart on them but they all look the same on paper.
[deleted]
Bro you just lost social credit points
If it’s subway PSTH holders going to be taking foot-longs for a while.
Hong Kong baba dip being bought up
Papa Elon whispered, "My precious SHORT SHORTS I love you and will never leave you Never, ever, during your trials and testings. When you saw only one set of footprints, It was then that I HODLD you.
If you put in 60k over 10 years and manage to make a million or whatever, grats you are set for retirement, AND you can take out your 60k with no fees or tax and just stick the rest in safeish stuff.  Plus if you do want to buy a house you can take out 10k I think.

Just make sure to pick the right broker.  Vanguard for instance doesn't let you do any of the fun stuff.  I think TD let's you do options and such.
Ouch, OP down 99.83% of $14.
AMD 105C premium, plz come back....
Imma give you 2021 rundown rn. Stonks will go up. Stonks will go down. Stonks will even occasionally be flat. You will likely lose money.
why do you say that?
Your mom doesn’t invest.
Bought in may 2018, lower volatility then and stock was muuuuch cheaper
First one is free. Divorce is super easy when you’re broke af.
Focusing on just spy/qqq and maybe one or two other specific stocks you have a ton of knowledge on is so superior to having a ton of smaller positions.

It’s like multi-tabling poker, you can have a few open but after a certain point, you can’t dedicate enough thought to each to play effectively on all of them.
The best was after last ER mods have them their own thread and they stayed out of the community threads for a couple hours
🤣 you looked it up
That's where I'm at. I keep about 2/3rds of my cash in dividends and live off it, and just go full retard on the rest. I win some, I lose some, but I've got cash flow in my back pocket.
Look I’ll be the first to admit it, I’m literally always bullish. Bullish on Stonks, Real Eatate, Bitty. Everything but cash. But fak, I think we are about to enter the greatest 10 year bull market in human history....Exponential growth, possibilities for 30-60% annual returns of the S&P....but when that bubble pops, it’s gonna be loud
Yolo
He obviously plays Destiny. There is no escaping that game.

Yo Elon, you Flawless yet? If you're reading this I've got you on Playstation.
Pretty sure that mega hack that happened two weeks ago that we already forgot about was probably just the Russians gaining access to your phone camera so they could watch you jerk off to Thai ladyboy porn


That is all
Will stocks sell off tm?
-3% lol
You’re picking up pennies in front of a steamroller
[deleted]
/r/OddlySpecific
I fooookin hope so
[deleted]
So do your DD and buy SPACs at NAV
How did you not make Chad r/investing
-3% lol
Have you seen this entire sub lately ?
Drinking is so a decade ago
Nobody here understands this version.
Only woman im 23000% of is Cathie Wood
$SLV moonshot to $30 already
[removed]
Tier 3 Options granted.
Bears should prepare their bathing toasters
Who wants to live passed 80?

Sounds and looks fucking miserable. Everyone you were friends with or loved has pretty much already died. Fucking sounds horrible to me man.

Drink up
It would be awesome to see Trump interviewing Joe Rogan on ep 01 of his MangoCast
If you were in a sub where I could help you, I would.
Sounds like you’ll owe some money on any gains
I think it takes like 3-4 days but they usually front the first 1k
There's a time and place for that investing. Like if you're 70 years old and you're already drawing it down.

When I think back on my elapsed 5 years of being an idiot investor, my most painful losers have been BA and GE, because they weren't *supposed* to go down, but they sure as shit do when the market realizes they're actually garbage companies.
The outside force is the dollar declining. Inflation been Climbing since April
Well, at least I have BABA shares not options 😂 

Glass half full

Also fuck xi he’s a racist fart sniffing fgt
[deleted]
He's high again
Schwab
Alcohol is for poors.

Weed is for the bourgeoisie
[deleted]
Lmaooo
You still would have lost because you got the expiration wrong.

SPY 1p 12/31/5000000000 might print but they'll move the exchange out of this solar system by then so you might need to go for a trillion years for heat death.

🏳️‍🌈🐻 Better invest in immortality
Turkey 101!  Cheers!
And what is stock market? He still can’t explain it, fucking retard
I was in goev and switched to rmo- look at the customer list they have- lots of potential/upcoming sales
Hahaha if this were true, asian women would be known for having huge titties and asian men would all have man boobs no matter how skinny!  Here's a study that doesn't link soy to man boobs   
[https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/20378106/](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/20378106/)
I mean, 🐝 warrants actually jumped after hours to being green for the day despite it being a red day for the stock. That’s suspicious if you ask me
Don't get married unless you about 23000% sure fam.  Wasn't even married and we're still entangled years later.  Fuck this shit.
BABA.. hope you guys are in this for the long haul. leaps or shares or out.
Sold 3/4 my calls and bought 5 2/19 210p’s.... warned y’all Cathie couldnt buy the whole gynadump lol
The power move is to friendzone her. She just wants your tendies
There's many private companies in the VR/AR sector that I hope go public.
Lagavulin Gang!
Well, as I'm normal and I'm sure most dudes get tired of regular kinks to get off they delve into the world of [stretching](https://www.amazon.com/Inflatable-%C5%A8rethr%C8%81l-St-%C3%AEm%C3%B9l%C8%81ti%C3%B5%C5%88-Stretcher-Stimul%C3%A1t%C3%B3r/dp/B08QRP989R/ref=mp_s_a_1_4?dchild=1&keywords=urethra+stretcher+devices&qid=1609379516&sprefix=urethra+stre&sr=8-4)
Go look up the history of "Darlie" toothpaste in China then make your own conclusion.
Stonks go up
I’m two years sober
[removed]
This subreddit is like the bodybuilding.com forum. They flex iron and we flex L's.
I haven’t worked there in a while and I lost contact with about everyone after quitting in a huff. I think details like how many shares and lockup period are not public info and I am expressly warned not to do that in the agreements I signed to convert the stock. 



It’s cool if you can’t recommend a brokerage firm. No need to be salty.
for real
You think you do, but with liquidity problems, it's really for your own good
Calls on $GT for Cotton Bowl, Gators bout to have a cumback
JNUG bruh
no way they keep this down post-March
I use to really like his content now its nothing but clickbait shit.
My current position is 200 shares + 10 100 Jan 2022 calls (only 55c)
Way too much shit posting
r/unexpectedoffice
good but instead of 2.5K make it 25K
whats wrong with pokemon cards?
You must be new here
Tax cut software does.
up 7 percent today, I don't think they are mid plummet, that seems like pretty strong resistance at around 30
If I didn’t have my 401k with them, I’d have moved by now. Not much of a statement if I go to another brokerage but have to leave the bulk of my mine money. Not getting level 2 is stupid. Cynically, and putting on my tinfoil hat, I think it’s a ploy for Fidelity to make more commission under the guise of protecting the investor.
Upvote if you're drinking right now. Cheers 🍻
How we feeling about baba...
Losses will just push to next year
Oh ok. Nobody tell him
That aged poorly.
Exactly. Highest level is using a bit of water from a vessel if you have one handy but that hasn’t caught on in western culture yet
[deleted]
airlines, military, plastics...
It's a shame that the 2nd amendment is a sticking point. Tons of liberal gun owners don't really feel represented by D party either. We need more parties
Puts on my liver tomorrow
YouTube algorithm has been recommending me alot of Chinese, Korean, and German videos that been covering palantir. Even tho I never searched for any of those type of videos. Even on Instagram, especially German Instagramer on palantir. Maybe it’s a sign 🤧🚀🚀🚀
and you watch graham stephan tell people like yourself he bids on pokémon cards.
Yeah I hate multi party zoom. One on one is important for me. More intimate.
Wondering what’s the general consensus on BABA
BABA falling pretty hard in HK again
Can we not do an M1 finance pie that the mods and committee vote on? Legal reasons?
Shut up fagh
Anus pus
Your news source is better than my Canadian CTV News source. Puts on CTV. BTW, the article says it was reported by FDA on Dec 17th which is more than day and a half. We are both late to the party.

"The U.S. Food and Drug Administration reported the reactions at a meeting on Dec. 17."
Why hold through the highs to sell low?
Until you hold overnight and end up with 10% gains with no sleep
Poooookie suckin D for DD LMAO
Nuclear explosion in space eh?
pussy hands
[deleted]
I don't know though, it's New Year's? Plenty of people will be feeling guilty about being a fat piece of shit. Normally they'd say, "I'm getting a gym membership," but this year it may be the overpriced treadmill with a TV on it.
just wait for hype to die down spacman isnt doing anything until later in q1. this is one of the largest if not the largest spacs so far. if you don't think ackman will be as patient as possible and find the best deal then you are incredibly tarded
[deleted]
[deleted]
Lmao anyway I went ahead and bought some fd’s on it
I search for DD posts specifically. The gains and losses ones are pretty helpful too. Everything else is just memes
I don't care if they are over or under valued. I'm just trying to get the point of the manipulation we saw today
Kill shot.
peacock
[removed]
LMAO! Graham Stephan just said he bids on Pokemon cards. What a nerd!
Use a vpn and get British netflix
So you're a bottom.
The USA woulda been down, although I wouldn’t like to see innocent anyone get killed. 

But Canada’s prez is a pussy. He’s like the French. Bop em on the head and they’d surrender 2 seconds later.
Law of WSB Options Trading:

For every 1 person who turns $1,000 into $1,000,000, there are 1,000 people who turned $1,000,000 into $1.
Thanks, Makes sense to get the bigger premium ...What happens when you sell ATM options , do they get exercised immediately?
The guy has been making the same videos for months now. Washed up. Andrei Jikh is almost there too.
Last trading day of the year. Be sure you execute all your trades.

You can only use up to 3K of losses to lower your annual income for tax purposes.
Examples ?
"the markets can remain irrational longer than you can remain solvent"
I love them! 
Thanks for posting the source.
[deleted]
Conversion makes it same price it closed at.
TESLA GANG! HELL YEAH!
Has PT of 40 so I’ll hang around a bit
[deleted]
I violated the wash sale rule so hard this year.  Who wants to help me figure out the consequences here, in the shittiest of threads?
Definitely thought the small fines would play out better. Makes sense they don't want to hold through the weekend.
[deleted]
Guys how long do RH deposits take to clear? I'm trying to figure out when we're gonna see these stimulus checks start adding to the market froth
For real. When was the last time anyone on this sub stepped into a Gamestop lmao
I watched his video about his nightmare tenant a while back. It was just awful.

I did not smash the like button fwiw
Anyone here that’s frugal when it comes to buying clothes or other needed shit but won’t even hesitate at throwing down money on FDs? Well that’s me and I also can’t sleep sometimes
What?
Morning dump
I stand correct good sir
2021 is going to be a meme parade
*moans* 

Aviato
Traditionally you would hold 100 Shares for every CC you sell. But you can also do a poor man‘s CC with some far ITM leap Call you own.
I bought a pair of adjustable dumbbells.  Not the blow flex one but the ones with actual plates.  Worth the $250
Elon is going to have a mega scandal
but i have diarrhea
Its not a crayon. Been watching it a lot today and yesterday. There is a huge buywall at 140 and the stock won't go under it even though it realllyy wants to
Shit, I just learned something on this sub.  Weight limit on a horse is 250 pounds.  Another dream dashed because I'm a freak.
You can not be serious. It won’t fucking sell off.
I ain’t selling 💎
Acceptable if ♀️
Lol my Blink puts took a hit today. Good times
sp500 will correct from 4200 to 4000 next year don't worry
Buy what you know....
Hahaha omg
Dash can actually use robo taxis for delivery since they are not transporting people there is less liability, they are overvalued but better play then Uber now
okay
Actually don’t hate it, although I don’t get the Amazon angle really. Plenty of room for growth though.
Puts on $ALK bruh, won't let me take my emotional support donkey on the flight
Your mom is a hoe.
💡🧾🚀🚀🚀🚨🤭📰🐻🐻🐻👀🍾🛌💤😂
Yall seen Graham Stephan's new video? That shit ass.
Facts bulb is fine but venasaur is ass
Old idea
ZM 300 tomorrow
Yeah no ones ever tried this strategy you should give it a shot
BABA’s current HK price is still higher than what the US closed at, it’s just adjusting to our movement
It's only the size of a truck though
I’d say that’s around 90% of ppl on here dude. Wake up.
An interest rate income would send even thing down overnight. Now unless outside factors force the fed to do so they won't.
Roll a condom on the end, if flaccid attach a rubberband (or hair tie) around the shaft to keep it on. After 20mins when the drip stops, pull it off, tie it up and drop on the floor of the subway, or save to drink later.
Stfu
Literally made ATHs just yesterday.
I would ride SPY to bottom and tesla to top if I could do it all over
$TSLA destined for an event horizon after it overshoots the moon.
Guys?  Honest thoughts.

https://nypost.com/2020/12/29/covid-19-bill-started-a-180-day-countdown-for-ufo-disclosures/
Is it true xi is a racist?
He steamrolls the first two gyms easy.
It's just fake crayon BS dude. Dash will drop.
[deleted]
Yup Sold the 12/15 35P before this. Ill happily get called on these.
Fun times...
[deleted]
We green*
  
*not you stay home stocks you can eat a dick
Pton 2/21 180c.
Get aboard the feels train with me. We are in this together, weather the storm. It will eventually subside.
Correct for what.. it should be 420 SPY by now
So where are the Big bulls?
[deleted]
I did know that, and fuck you Franzi, you were the worst roommate possibly in the history of all roommates ever, and you were nowhere near hot enough to get off with being such a huge bitch. By now you probably have short hair and wear 18 variants of grey and brown sweaters and your boring bald husband that you have missionary-only sex with once a month on schedule probably drives you around in a stupid little Audi with 3 cylinders or some cuck shit.
Covering my $arkg.  Aunt Cathy needs to hook me with a gap up so I can get wasted on Captain Morgans.
For everyone wondering about BABA in HK

9988.HK HK$232.400 (-1.61%) on Yahoo Finance https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/9988.HK?p=9988.HK
Gonna take a lotta work.  First, tinder & grindr ads, then personal inspection and manipulation.  After the requisite 1022 random evals publish here.

Hire some of the hundreds of Wendy’s dumpster artists that post here & will be broke & ready by tomorrow
Gay + cringe.
Higher percentage upside. My best gains came from getting into pre announcement SPACs.  Plus an autistic level of DD on the filings and the founders' social media activity.
The stock is held somewhere else in my name. I think I just need a one shot deal to sell it and deposit money in my bank account. Who offers the least cost for doing that?
genius
It’s a stripper
I cant wait for him to try to sell us on an options trading game show!
Don't want to go into detail but we are gonna have to expedite freight now and that is hella expensive at this time of year
Swinging a big dick play, he must know something
Thank you for your service.
I sold them as insurance basically. I do hope it hits 13 because my call I own would be up quite a bit.
This is like going into the basement room at Webster Hall when there's some turnt out Australian deep house DJ sending people to purgatory
It's definitely enough to live a normal, even upscale lifestyle like you do now except you get to spend all your time on hobbies and travel instead of going to work though.  Plus you probably still do some yolos and such when appropriate.
Y’all trying hard to pump this gay shit
Literally is
Yeah you're right and those have been helpful. I have big time zoom fatigue at this point though.
PLTR or GME
I’m sorry this is a Wendy’s drive through casino.
I imagined their product in 10 years 10 years ago. How much longer do I have to keep imagining
So, I’ve bought up about 40ish calls in the case this pans out, but this website is fishy as hell. Registrar lists it as created in Nov 2020. Contact info is also shielded by the registrar. Twitter is new, also, and instagram is empty. Tried searching for 5 of their so called employees on linked in and google, and from what I can tell they don’t exist or don’t use any social media.

That being said, I agree that there’s institutional-level manipulation going on with $GILD and in general agree with the rest of their talking points.

It’s a nice looking lottery ticket but don’t empty your life savings into it.
And trade futures I’m assuming you mean? I’ve never heard of any brokers that offer after hours or premarket on options.
What if I told you Dad is a degen too? i'm so proud.
[removed]
Let’s go. I’m guessing $85-$90 buy out price. Most likely before Jan 15th and possibly on the 4th. The lower GILD is manipulated and the higher RHHBY goes, the more sure I am.
Absolutely disgusting returns. 1000%+
GM...
Do it for the gram bruh
[removed]
Pltr knows what you’re doing 👀
Can someone explain to me why would a whale keep DASH at above 140 today? I mean won't the whale lose more money buying shares at 140 than just letting the stock tank? if there are no buyers the stock would tank anyway
Lift weights pussy
Sold the 35P for 2/19. 520$ Premium for a stock I’ll gladly take at that price is just ridiculously good.
Thanks!
still not as good as the guy who turned $500 into $1M. but congrats and fuck you.
I got a bench and weights for my house.  I also picked up a bike, turns out i love cycling.  As great as that is... fuck if i'm not done with the COVID BS too.
Don't be mad at the scrubs who choose a starter that'll absolutely fuck up gyms 1 & 2
Imagine posting your fake ass on instagram and the caption is some motivational story
BUY THE TIP!
Yes
Yeah that's bullshit. it was mostly Canadians on board Canada should have fucked Iran's shit up.
My dude, call up a friend in FaceTime and get drunk and shoot the shit for a while. It’s a reasonable surrogate for bar time.
Lol 😂
Next year when they increase interest rates and raise taxes
[deleted]
Buy leap calls friends! You’ll never experience this again
[deleted]
Why can’t we have both things? 🤔
Painaltir pleas
Lol, doesn’t seems like that today so
Go to the office, travel, socialize with my best friends, socialize with acquaintances, throw parties, see my family, go home for christmas, go to bars, go to restaurants, go to concerts, go to professional development events, etc.
ABB Is a good company 👍🏽 there stuff is all over the oilfield too
Are escorts considered frontline workers for vaccine purposes?  Asking for a friend.
I added a little to my warrants recently. Will do again on further dips
Fuck his wife  a new hole
Eat burger, I’m getting one too rn
Free pennies you mean
Thanks! I forgot about it until I got an email that made me nearly shit my pants when I checked the value of the stock I would be getting. Wtf. Right place, right time I guess. I haven’t even worked there in over 3 years.
That’s crazy to think a stock can be resold like that, like there’s a chance there’s a gme share out there that literally everyone with margin on wsb owns. 

Seriously though do you think there’s a chance they would keep this short position open for a long time, like for years even if it’s losing money just to not risk a squeeze happening? Or would the interest on the short position become too much as the price goes up?
yeah i sold and made $500 today around noon and if I would have held till close would have made almost 3k
Tomorrow, 2pm Eastern time.
[deleted]
Nah. I focus on a couple growth sectors and buy up the stonks that have either cornered the market in their niche or have the most upside potential.
Feel that weed was a gateway stock for me... went into psilocybin and now own some DMT stocks... for the better and for the worst!
Hopefully not tomorrow. I’m in too deep
Whip it out
I don’t even sleep that well.  I’d at least be looking at my phone for confirmation bias here.
I know! We've had way too many red days lately and days with less than 1% gains. We are do for an upswing!
Never short Escobar
[deleted]
Per shay
You obviously don’t have the hang of things. We’re talking about a multi billion dollar company here you stooge 😂😂😂
You forgot the letter “M” between G and E throughout the entirety of this post (???)
nice
Be careful. U can get suspended for that word
Find a private broker where you live, they offer much better service if you really have the bling bling. 
Mine will come pick up share certs from me and you can call them at 3am if you’re an asshole like me.
Fuck it gimme DMT I wanna start the New Years in a different dimension
Its all of us. What’s the problem?
Let me speak louder Grandpa


YOU GOT OLD NEWS, WANT TO TELL US ABOUT TRUMP SIGNING THE COVID RELIEF BILL NEXT?

https://abc7chicago.com/moderna-vaccine-side-effects-covid-19-fda-dr-shirley-chi/9083838/
Fidelity does make you feel retarded trying to navigate some of that shit. It took me a while to figure out how to sell covered calls
[deleted]
IBKR is like 1.76....
helloo
Tesla isn't Enron it's an energy company with style.
On Seeking Alpha the most recent article written about LUMN convinced me of the future potential, bought some LEAPS on this stock. Check it out
It’s $20, not $23
When is this shit gonna correct
what a coincidence that's so weird
This is amazing and the fact that you held on for so long is inspiring. God speed & congrats. You deserve the win.
Why did you buy 2 SPACS without targets yet???
That’s legal? I’m calling TDA at opening
So get a burger and nuggies
Looks like he short his hairline
Tsla, tsla, and tsla.
Stripe is still mentioned a hell of a lot but its anyones guess really.
can someone mod or flair this guy??
What cant you do that you'd normally do?

I used this year to find some new hobbies.
What meteor?
I don’t want to fuck anyone. I just want my freedom
Cash out at 3 k
[removed]
I've literally started drinking alone which I don't think I ever did pre covid lmao
I am certainly no financial guru. I do bioinformatics, and I am scared of the stock market. I would rather pay off my house and enjoy the 31st of every month not making a payment again. I know people are poo pooing the dollar right now, but it’s just more my speed to not worry about the markets. I know that’s blasphemy here.
Serious question: to those who played the original Pokemon, if you picked Bulbasaur first over Squirtle and Charmander, why? What compelled you to pick the obviously lamer and more inferior pokemon?
Tf is that
Puts on account
Blue horseshoe loves Avianca Airlines.
Put it in winning plays
İ think Tesla will be a biggest company in the world.
İf you have  money just bought it and never sold.
Treat yourself. You deserve it just this one day.
Nice dude 👍 🚀
TWA
Thank you
It’s not really the beef that’s the issue it’s the French fries, bun and chili I will get with it lol. I gain weight so easy I have to eat like a mouse
Why not just open an account with a real broker?
[deleted]
Recently sold a lot to buy invest in other areas but holding on to this for a while just got a few other stocks and options
I didn't even understand it enough to begin to guess whether or not it was relevant to anything at all
Snort some jazz salt. You will be shredded like a julienne salad
I prefer jelqing
Thanks I hate it
Added
Qantas bro
This hits
Buying oil majors when oil is at low prices and sales of new gas cars will be banned around the world in 10 years, big dick play.
I like your funny lines magic man
Lmao they dumped it for tax purposes and pumped it ah
Buying ABB because I missed out on BLNK and throwing a hail Mary that at some point they get a contract for euro charging stations
[removed]
Thank you
It’s clear thicc 🐝 is shaking off all the paper handed straights around here before mooning QS style
Oh but that defined risk requires margin accounts and not cash accounts too
Jerk off 3x a day
China is trying to manipulate iron ore prices every way they possibly can. Last week they said they were going to “investigate” people trying to take advantage of price gouging. Honestly I think it’s just noise, but could have a short term affect. Honestly though if they do curb steel production but not usage it means thier imports will go up, making the price of steel even more expensive
What’s not to like? Day trade in the morning and get drunk the rest of the day. Sounds pretty ok.
that's funny
1/14/21

EDIT: I oopsied on the year.
Gave me flashbacks to when I used the absolute living shit out of xanax and fried half my brain cells
The turnaround was 1999 when GE went from cash cow behemoth to aging zombie multinational.
Oh damn, this is the first time I’ve seen the f word on here. You crazy!
its gonna sell off when something other than stripe is announced. 35% premium is not for a great company its for a Stripe like game changer.
The fact that there was a tanker gang with cheap oil on the market has me like guh. I've only been in the sub for a few months, but man who sold that one? I got some air to sell.
Avianca Airlines
I’m in agricultural exports... logistics folks don’t get “easy weeks”.
Ohhhhh boi
Same here bro. The gym being closed is really doing me in
[1 year covidversary. FUCK.](https://twitter.com/YaxueCao/status/1211755111556538371)
yep. indexes with low IV options and much more predictability. always easy money with patience imo
Yooooo!!!! Don't google: "Space movie 1992"    LMAO!!!! IM DEAD
Killing meee doesn’t that mean red in us:(
Appreciate the advice, but I really don't want to medicate against the temporary effects of a lockdown that creates some very real and shitty environmental factors. P sure this isn't a problem with my brain chemistry.
I'm hoping to catch the run up to earnings, but otherwise I'd definitely wait until after the March lockup date and see what the stock price looks like in april before getting in. It's been rocky since IPO, but maybe a strong earnings helps stabilize it a bit and it wont take so long to recover from a dip. Who knows though, this is just my general feelings about the stock
Ha. That would be great. 737 is loved all around the world. It’s been around for a while too. 

Small problem: Boeing needed to use the super efficient engines to compete with Airbus’s Neo. These engines are big and don’t fit understand the old 737, so they “fixed” the issue. For airlines, fuel is the biggest cost. They’ll ditch any airplane to save on fuel. 

Airbus built one higher from scratch. 

Corporate America greed vs. Solid Engineering
Top post right now is some of the best artwork I've seen in my life
This is the way
this mf cappin. 

"i dont think im allowed to say what company it is even though its public" as if "his" company is fuckin TSLA and has to keep his involvement hush hush.

"I have no idea how to liquidate shares from my company and cant ask other people that were part of the startup what they are doin" 

Dude is a lame
800 calls 6 months out are 9k lmao to broke
why?
So as I said, MP materials is still the best option in this market. 🤦
Fun Fact: Soy contains high levels of estrogen that could make you grow man boobies.

Beef has high levels of testosterone. Eat beef.
When does the CRSR lock-up period expire?

Mid-February is my understanding based on the S-1?
What are these things called (new to trading).

How does it work? You buy for 2 years and then you can sell it?
$BABA red in HK
He was finishing his coloring book.
That awkward moment when you have too many chromosomes to understand hedged put selling.
Drink a 5th...
totally reliable source.
Yeah but I'd be lying if I said I didn't want a bite out of that cake
[deleted]
Why would you ever buy dividend anything when Tesla gives you a much better one even at 0%
3 million liquid is the goal
[deleted]
Looks like 10 mins ago is when u/thewaterb0yyyy ran out of golds to give, $4k must not go far on Reddit
Not when I invest it isnt
He punches the wall like a 🌈🐻
Dat ass doe
Fuck off permabull
Yeah she is but I don't see the humor in it
[removed]
Meteor news? So this is 2020s finale? Thank god
When you're young you should invest aggressively. Some people are afraid they'll lose all their money, but what money is that really? 1 IRA contribution?
Me. Bought at 230 so I'm still down quite a bit
My friend says Chinese have small PPs

How can I refute him
F
Should I get a burger or eat clean
The amount of people/times you have to explain that it’s impossible to affect a stock price with posts here is unreal.
#🚀 VS. ☄️
Why everyone freaking out about GME today. This was expected to go red until after new years
Yeah I mean if all you want to do is coast that works but it’s definitely not fuck you money
I don't watch him often so I didn't know about nkla, but yea that's pretty bad
And it moved price by just 4 cents. Wow.
Sounds like a good problem to have.
Try anti depressants. no joke. made a huge differnece for me.
[deleted]
NIO $1000 in 5+ years
You will, I promise. 2021 you’ll be rewarded with big pus pus energy
You should tell her you reported her to the insurance fraud unit (IFU) of the FBI.
Wrong. Tons of great companies are private.
+$1/mo is more than -$50,000/mo
[deleted]
Recruiters wet dream.
this is the way
What in the fuck did I just watch? Imagine showing this to a normal person.
Literally a sports gambling twitter handle. Gonna need more sources but watch it moon anyways as more people spread the rumor and it becomes 'news' somehow.
Toyota minivan got balls. If youre that much in the money, what do you have to lose if you invest in something else?if you never expected appreciation then invest half and spend the other half. Idk how this is a question.
[deleted]
Any word on whos the lucky business?  I heard chick fil A, subway, or Bloomberg. Robinhood would be cool but I don’t think that’s gonna happen
[deleted]
All for it. What a joke
[removed]
Nice dude. Are you in healthcare? Or 80 years old?
Literally said they most likely wouldn't have an issue paying for the interest.. My point was eventually they will stop, when they decide either A) they are losing too much because they aren't simple yolo'ers and have people to answer to or B) the money they may be making isn't as much as they want or some shit.

&#x200B;

As you've provided no counter arguments other then repeating what I said I will agree that you belong in this sub. Welcome fellow retard.
Funny enough, the DAX keeps track of dividends. So it is expected to outperform most other indices on the basis of getting a free ~2% each year tacked on top of actual underlying stock performance.
it’s so easy, just use this one weird trick that retail investors hate: buy high then sell low

This is the way
Hey me too, what a co-inki-dink
[deleted]
That sure is a reliable source!
Yes just OAC, OPEN, and DMY(D)
If your AGI is below $19k and this program applies to you you should absolutely not be on WSB.
You think that’s retarded. I could have fucked your mom but fucked your dad instead.
I don’t know what changed but WSB memes are at an ATH right now and I love it
Dawn? That's pre-market which GME has been doing okay, it's when market opens that it takes a shit...
Prpl? Silver gang? Msft 3/20 200c 

Quad witching

The list goes on.

Walmart+ to the fucking moon
NIO ABNB TSLA BABA
[removed]
Personally I’m gonna go write poetry under a rainbow
Why don’t more people sell put spreads. Free money if ur not dumb.
I mean if you're setting limit orders, you're paying the price you're willing to pay, and options on robinhood are all limit orders or stop limit
Man these lockdowns are really getting to me. I don't know if I can stand 3 more months of this.
It's genetic, my great grandfather moved from Ireland to NYC in the 20's and worked for the family heads as a card dealer on boats in the atlantic until he had enough money to become a stock broker on his own. Cheating people out of money in card games is still a tradition in the family
Recovery stocks, though the rotation is already underway.
Currently the coldest I’ve ever been... so essentially right where I wanna be. No fear. Steady hand. 2021 is gonna be one for the ages
Backwards. Into a dumpster fire.
TWO

OGs know

There was way more SPY and VIX talk too
Character building tastes like ass with some sand in your teeth
Why?
Don’t screw with the Q
IV
Today at the top:-)
I wonder how many people have actually gone through with walking away after winning like that.
The increase in float is crazy
TSLA was once in a lifetime pump and dump

Don’t feel bad
What’s that?
I can't believe I didn't buy even 1 2022 LEAP at the dip this year. FML I didn't even know what LEAP was in April :(

Only way I can make money on TSLA is stock + diamond hands. $280 cost basis and selling CC's helps tho
Now go take your profit then half of it make it stable investment half of it make it wild.
So, exactly what I said. Thanks for confirming.
[removed]
You should be good, never hurts to ask though.
A ton of those dividend people don't realize the share price is reduced by the dividend amount.
[deleted]
Imagine getting a measly $150k check from Iran for shooting down a passenger plane on purpose and killing your family.
I have $100k between the two and I can say, I’m not having a good time..
ur chilling unless u bought that last week
We are all one
 This goes against the prevailing confirmation bias here. BAN
Definitely 30+
Not enough. If you use their free version you only get to have 3 indicators at the same time. In thinkorswim you can pile as much as you want.
A couple days after we melt up and have a blow off top, resetting us back to the previous week (while the 🐻 bought their -99% puts two weeks ago).

Rinse and repeat for the next correction every 🐻 gets wrong.
Lol so many zoomers are living a life not even knowing what psychically going to a college or HS is like 

Not wonder they all don’t know what gender they are
Yes daddy?
Fuck that. Lambo.  Congrats !
[deleted]
Funny how that works.
‘Twas a good night indeed papi
Why pay taxes on all our tendies?
Ban the ticker
[deleted]
its redeemablle for 20 not 23. all the good companies have already gone public
Vote against obstructionism and get people who will actually try to govern in there

Mitch had his chance. Turn Georgia blue
Some of us will be under that level after we deduct our options losses for the year 😂
$200? When did u buy this?
I know I fucked up yesterday by selling. I was averaging down and sold at a small.profit.
How would that work though? Did she report that she made more than she actually did?
Government inflicted recession? Like, they inflicted a global pandemic?
Same. Never chortled so loud at my phone ever
Wtf a good technical drawing? I didnt know we had those here
GUH
Of course.
[deleted]
I bought my 1000 at 23 and honestly 23 and 27 makes no real big difference considering the upside imo
What do you think it’s gonna hit after a loi
Got to get the tendies somewhere.  Guarantee first politician and party that does that is going to get Walter Mondaled in the next election.
[deleted]
[deleted]
It won’t break 16
Puts on RKT
[deleted]
[deleted]
The future is going to be fuckin nuts
Your option is adjusted
Post your 36 hours old source, kid. Always back your claim with source.

This is 5 hours ago.

https://www.ctvnews.ca/health/coronavirus/2-patients-with-facial-fillers-saw-swelling-after-receiving-moderna-vaccine-fda-1.5248564
4% of that is 60k per year. Not great, not terrible but def less than I spend per year now
PLTR > NIO, better yet buy both so you get extra pus for New Years
You still have $8 left.
It's funny how I could have made 3 times more money from TSLA this year if I jad just hung out to it indefinitely instead of cashing out after a big green day feeling smart about my risk management... And waking up the next day to a +8% premarket. I wish I had the wisdom to learn a lesson about 2020.
It’s gonna be delivered to your house on a self driving Tesla Semi anytime between today and 2027
[deleted]
The text is not fitted to the images.  This isn't that high effort
I'm pretty new to the sub and I'm curious what the most hyped tickers/plays of all time were. I find it hard to believe any situation was more talked about than the GME squeeze that people have been obsessed with. But I also have only been here a few months.
Upvoted because I love the post title
Are they even making it?
[https://twitter.com/moneybets4u/status/1344439436780707847?s=20](https://twitter.com/moneybets4u/status/1344439436780707847?s=20)

$XL to the moon
HALF. 

FUCK YOU EDDIEEEE
Am I the only one excited about psth? I mean worst case scenario they're buying shares back at $23 if they don't merge/take a business by then. Ackman is leading it. It's got a shit ton of money already at $26 a share and he's only wanting to buy a fraction of the business instead of the whole thing. So you know it's going to be something huge. I am stoked about this one.
JAN 08 expiry too. And so far OTM.... he is going to learn the hard way about IV crush + theta on TSLA options lol
its actually crazy how much better fills are on tos vs robinhood. finally made switch and its great
Ok why is baba tanking in HK, press those chop sticks and make it go GREEN
Scheduled my vaccination shot today 🚀
In 4 years I've owned a LOT of different companies. I made big returns on TTD, MED, EQIX, SNPS, CROX, TREX, QS, and BLK to name a few off the top of my head. I've made so much money off FB, even though the share price gain over the years isnt astronomical, just because I'm pretty disciplined at selling when i feel companies are over extended and rebuying at lower points.

Doing something for 4 years is one thing, keeping it up for another 11 is another. I can only hope.
9% rule
Pretty sure he’s ok with that, as they likely have an “agreement”. Also this guy’s daughter, if he has any, reeks of daddy issues.
Anyone else going to do SNOW puts near Jan 7th when a bunch of shares are allowed to be sold?
[deleted]
Don’t do it bro, it’s a trick
Well speaking of the US. Why on earth would you buy a cash equivalent instrument with no rate of return in an inflationary environment?
Was your price prediction lower than $27? If it wasn't then you believe you will still make profit. If it was then fair enough.
Nah, to the 🌚
No dip again fool
Ask lawyer if it's cool to give us the scoop!
I appreciate the explanation
What do you flag post from or about 🌈 Mods?
**I am a bot and identified and tracked the following options picks within this post:**

|**Ticker**|**Strike**|**Type**|**Exp**|**Recorded Premium**|**Recorded Stock Price**|**OI**|**Volume**|
|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|
|**APHA**|**$14**|**BUY CALL**|**2021-01-15**|**$0.05**|**$7.06**|**1219**|**6**

[Realtime ROI](https://www.pickmojo.com/pick/ckjc6l3dr1oen0770jjlwp8n6) | [Track Record](https://www.pickmojo.com/user/Nate782/) | [Bot Info](https://www.reddit.com/r/pickmojo/comments/he9ghu/options_picks_tracking_bot_information/) | Leaderboard: [Week](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-week-reddit), [Month](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-month-reddit), [All](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/top-reddit) | [Exit this position](https://www.pickmojo.com/reddit_redirect)

**^(*Recorded after market close, will be recorded at the next market open if the premium is within 10% margin. My owner is monitoring these posts, reply with feedback! You can now track comments by mentioning me!)**
[deleted]
 100% agree on pent up demand and what that means for some normalcy of oil stocks. I've been piling into direxion 2x energy bulls leveraged etf. Leaps are dirt cheap, this will pay off huge in the recovery
China stonks up = NIO moon tomorrow 😀
Imagine taxing the Roth to pay for Social Security 🤡🤡🤡
Just remember, Cohen in for OVER 9,000,000! at $16. This is a great entry point for a long hold. Buy shares or leaps.
You know I sprung for the awd model being in Colorado and all.
Wow. Huge returns on that investment
[deleted]
If investing in tech stocks has taught us anything, there are always solutions to the world's problems around the corner. I have heard that some scientists are working on the prospect of generating new suns.
So for shares to be available to short. The holder of those share have to have them in a margin account. Not only that but they are only allowed to loan out up to 160% of your current margin debit. All firms will loan out automatically, it’s part of the margin agreement.
I lost a bunch listening to wsbgod. 

Last I heard he/she/they had the corona.
This has to be someone from r/wsb fucking with these guys.
NIO BUY THE HYPE SELL THE NEWZ
[deleted]
It will be again someday, now now
Look down
You’re not wrong at all. What you’re missing is that the hive mind has become aware of its own power and can move the market in a way to satiate its own ego and kill short sellers who do not tow the line. 

It’s hilariously irrational and that’s why most of us are here. Get your popcorn out and enjoy the show.
CHK
[removed]
Just vote D and cuck 🐢
Well, you define the spread which then defines how big your max potential loss can be. A $1 currently ATM spread, for example, usually can net a $0.50 credit. If that spread expires OTM, you keep the $0.50 credit but if it expires ITM, then your max loss is $1, offset by the credit you collected which nets to a loss of $0.50 on that spread. 

Credit spreads are relatively safe as long as you stick to high probability trades.
Damn Turtle Power.
No, not now. IV, and thus premiums, were very low relative to TSLA now.
100%
if baba drills, WSB will GUH like they havent since PLTR
[deleted]
[removed]
Amen haha
Well at least one of us has.
Hello why is no one playing neo... There fucking fire.
Sold my 375 shares at 44.69 I got shook out. Looking to re-enter next dip.
Slight miss on manufacturing in Gyna
Decades go by fast trust me.  By your mid 40s you will worry about retirement.  More you get in earlier in life the more the older you will be grateful.
That news dropped a day in half ago... Good job Grandpa
Wait I just checked that graph. Is that green candle actually this motherfucker or would something like this not show up.
WHERE’S MY DAMN CYBER TRUCK WITH THE ATV AND SMASHED WINDOWS 🚙🚙
Victims of malware?
Somone link the damn meteor news fukos
[removed]
GME GANG STRONG

Unlike this motherfuckers hairline.
By .1% bruh
right in the feels
I'm straight cash but I'll make sure I communicate that I'm not permitting them to do so
You can pull your contributions out at any time - tax/penalty free - it's the earnings on that contribution you can't touch.
gosh i hope so, just end it all. we’ll restart with a new simulation
[deleted]
[removed]
fo fiddy tree
Sadly a minor worry is someday POTUS AOC will come after Roth gains but yeah right now tendies are safe.
this figgit shorted auntie cathie
When you get there, 1.5mil is really not that much money
Yessir! Loaded to the tits yesterday. Paid off well today, nearly 50% return
[deleted]
Please. He should know we’ve grown our accounts to $200 after this past month.
Yeah, I might be retarded but I’m not illiterate
Thanks. Now I feel dumber. :)
Bullish🚀🚀

MRNA calls 

**2 patients with facial fillers saw swelling after receiving Moderna vaccine: FDA**
Good luck brother
Options = While trading, you have the option to also make money, but it is optional.
Dominos to announce pizza stuff tendies set to launch jan15 get your calls you retards
Sweet so if there were to be any tax related massive sell off it would've happened yesterday? How are you hedging for the GA election?
They count settlement date not transaction date, so something traded tomorrow May end up counting for next year.
Nice! you killin it bruh
Jj  I’ll a olio and
I'm high af and drunk, fuck I wish the market was open right now and trading with my bull brothers, love you guys bro
Mitch the type of guy to buy an extended warranty on a toaster.
Hydrate
Love you water boy 🥰
No but Mitch can still block it
This is now my plan. Pulled out to play baba calls. Made back my loss today and I’ll buy back in after lockup dip
[deleted]
haven't started milling but have been selling raw materials for years lmao, in a few months they will be able to mine AND refine
[deleted]
There will be more opportunities. Options and investing are obviously completely different animals.
I'd rather lose hundreds trying to make thousands
[deleted]
I sell puts and I usually have a 25-30% cushion before I need to worry about rolling or take assignment.
100% we are def staring down the barrel of a margin crisis.
> Try a Toyota Sienna

AKA the PIMP mobile. Those things haul ass.
[Here's the rules](https://www.schwab.com/ira/roth-ira/withdrawal-rules)
Charlie as WSB was perfect.
Lol, I'm glad you have it all figured out
Just need 1.5mil after tax and I’ll fuck off into the sunset
I had six 1.5c expiring 1/15/21 for $15 a piece 😞
[deleted]
Bruh
How’s my boy baba doin
TSLA trading at ATH on Mars stock exchange
I wanna buy more. But not at $27. Wtf
I know bro but I'm literally not going to see that money for decades. So feels like just throwing money away. But now that i think about it, I'm not using that couple grand a year anyway and I'm never paying cash for a house so might as well
Sounds like you're not nearly retarded enough for this sub.
He's already bankrupt. He's been short tesla since day 1. Godspeed retard for sure. With this gme bet. He's gonna have to watch his wife stop loving him
Sounds edgy...
Sounds bullish for Greta Thunberg tbh
$CLAP
Idk lmaooo i just love this shit
They're focused on EU market which is a few years from legalization of recreational so I went with an etf that holds US revenue growth leader curaleaf instead, MSOS
You can do TA on TradingView already.
This is good
[deleted]
I thought they had like 2 6% days though and we only had 1, seems like the numbers are a bit off as I thought they basically tracked each other
DEFINITELY NO LUXURY TAX WORRIES TODAY
Wait what that’s kinda dope
F
2500
What ?
[removed]
Whos in SQ jan 240 calls
What meteor
Sometimes you over diversify, its so much easier to follow one thing. I am now all in PTSH for 2000 shares
[removed]
Google
Agreed. I only use it for TAing charts.
Google it
Hey Joe Rogan.
that’s the best advice, that people don’t take often enough—trust your gut. even with good dd and whatever on a stock, if you don’t vibe with it then don’t buy
Allll in boys!!! We’re shooting this shiz past the moon! 🚀🚀🚀
That's why the DAX is inferior
And the psychological
That’s why you only sell puts on stocks you actually want to own.
Thank you!! Just gave him proper credit
Where is the guy that said we should buy CELH like 3 or 4 days ago. Definitely had some inside DD.
Probably.
I asked the lawyer handling the merger and they suggested a brokerage account. So I’m here asking which one people like.
Can Nancy negotiate with a Meteor?
Thanks
Chinese manufacturing is still lagging expectations.
GATORS WIN BABY
Same. Fuck
More likely a silly goose. I think the economic effects of rona are gonna show themselves in 2021
lol yeahapparently
[removed]
He said options
Stay up all night and do it
Lol.  Maybe yes.  Maybe no.  I might roll the position forward and up.  Like an $800 Jan 15.  I also might just let it get assigned and then sell some Jan 8 puts for $700.  Keep selling cash secured puts until it flips.
whats the task?
Hes right, everyone knows about this event and that's what priced in means. Be wary of a dump soon.
Is XL fuck? Shoulda gotten out when I was still positive
[deleted]
Can you pull before 50-60yrs old?
You see the price now 😂
I mean, thanks for the recommendation. I don’t want any part of all that right now. I have a family I need to pay for. I just want my cash to pay off mortgage etc and I understand I need a brokerage firm to handle converting shares of a public’s company to $ in my bank account.
The image of AOC with her fair bronze skin sitting in my lap while wearing booty-short pajama bottoms.
[removed]
[removed]
I’m only down 16% on June 30c’s!!! 🥴
Probably confused it for something else, maybe Tiktok - kind of like ZM vs ZOOM
Lotus Evora.  Nice sports car, Jap-economy shitbox engine (Toyota Camry) which will run forever.  Win-win.
Markets down a little tomorrow. TSLA down 3%.
Just took gators 🐊 plus 13.5 can’t go Tits up

Edit... 🤡
Yeah I'm bothered by that. And their Roche purchases. I think they're just parking money in these big cap pharma cos. Maybe until the new year so they can get that performance in 2021?
>	With all the games being played by ~~McConnell~~ republicans senators over the stimulus to give some relief

FTFY. Mitch McConnell wields a lot of power but he is not a dictator. If the republicans really wanted to pass $2000 they would.
Meaning?
I used to use tasty but it feels out dated. I stick with TOS. Wanna learn to use tradingview though
I had $1 expiring 1/15 but I decided to sell for break even a month or so back 😶😶
HK market? Wot?

...is that what the BABA extended hours market is otherwise called? 🤔
Yup
Boomers still don’t know the internet is here to stay.
Buy what you know...
Haha yeah when it started going down I sold. Lost some of the gains but profit is profit. I’m probably going to get back in the upcoming month or two
This is what I come here for
Thought I was working tomorrow, turns out it's a company holiday. Procrastinated on a simple but important task, was gonna do it tomorrow. Can't now. Gonna cost the company tens of thousands, lmao I am so fuk fuuuck
Looks like you started doing it properly then the Ritalin ran out. Im in 🚀
Does margin impact your credit 😂
just max them out first then put the excess in other
I’m not talking about the republican senators but the two republicans candidates for senate...
Totally agree. Monthlies absolutely give a false sense of security an  still burn theta badly.
Vote D this time. Plenty of Republicans in the supreme court to protect our gun rights for a little while
What is dark pool transaction?
[deleted]
I asked and got 0.35 but my trade frequency is high. They won’t do it if you make like 1 play a week
[removed]
Sir this is Panda Express
Not really
They have run some loads through as of this q4, they will start normal bulk operations in 2021.

MP hasn't even started milling.
She does have an Adam’s apple and we’ve only done anal now that you mention it
Yep and short term dips can recover and make those gains. Short term dips on a Weekly-3 month (even 6) can really fuck you.
[deleted]
***Chinese NBS Manufacturing PMI\* (Dec) 51.9 vs. Exp. 52.0 (Prev. 52.1)***
Roth is awesome bro. You can make a milly and IRS can't touch shit
METEOR TALKS GOING WELL
When did you buy?
I'm a bot. Recent empty self posts, noob questions, and spam which people were temp-banned for. Bans are 1-2 days to discourage posts that ought to be comments.

User|Post Title
:--|:--
/u/TheoryOfSilence_|[Are you all on a deep mass conspiracy to fuck me over on this GME stocks or will it ever go up... 🤨🤔 (Asking for a friend)](https://redd.it/kne17l)
/u/painter_business|[Help w/ SoFi IRA account?](https://redd.it/knehn6)
/u/solenyapinkman|[Btc](https://redd.it/kneudh)
/u/ThePizzaDeliveryM3n|[Melvin at it again with the hit pieces](https://redd.it/knf2io)
/u/CouldTryMyBest|[Anyone still trade TSLA calls?](https://redd.it/knf707)
/u/Two_takedown|[Ambri?](https://redd.it/knff71)
/u/Gmmai|[Cramer on GME🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀](https://redd.it/knfgeu)
/u/tokmer|[Mitch McConnell wont let the $2,000 stimulus because he shorted GME and knows its gonna go straight to new consoles](https://redd.it/knfnsy)
/u/TMoney1157|[Nio $65 Calls 1/15](https://redd.it/knfo83)
/u/CIassik|[The people in this sub are the future](https://redd.it/knfvuo)
PinkOleSkin or ThrobbingHead
[removed]
Built different ig
I like everything about this except the 2,500 rule. Some of these tards literally have 3 mil in a robinhood account and make 2500 on a single play. It should be based on percentage so it is fair to the big and small traders. Maybe anything over 50 or 100%?
[deleted]
Wait meteor talks are going well??
It is wsb but most in the sub are people trying to get rich and not actually millionaires. I'd wager that 99% of us don't actually have that much money. I'd still want to get rich because I probably have a better chance at making some money than trying to fix the global problem myself. You can be rich and support equality. The actual richest people on Earth do support some form of wealth distribution.
Nope, she suggested buying shares. 20 of them, not even good enough for wheeling. Awful tip.
Nah, they'll FOMO the stimmy payments... Last week was the ultimate time to position....
Imagine being a lender right now
Mitch jokes last night, probably the most I've laughed in 2020.
[deleted]
ToS is the shit for TA and surgical trading.
Make a fucking choice coward
Yeah, the two times I played with monthlies (RKT and RGR) I got fucked hard. You eat the brunt of the time value curve without the time frame to truly recover if things go sour
[deleted]
I did this over a year ago and made a bit of money but was as fun as watching paint dry
Stock trades free.
I use thinkorswim for charts, but still use Robinhood to trade because their UI is more intuitive. But they can’t close a spread with more than 2 legs..
Hope you sold
Yeah, but it's unfair, OP started with 1 extra
Hey man I’ve had plenty of months this year where I was up 50-100% on my whole portfolio playing fd’s. Couldn’t keep it up though. If you can get those gains consistently, that’s awesome. But if you’re insinuating that I’m only making money because the stocks I play are ripping up, you’re wrong. Many of the stocks i sell puts on make me money even when they’re red or flat.
As another comment points out

>The artist’s handle was cropped off the bottom. This was done by @_ajl on insta. Their work is fantastic. Definitely worth a follow 

https://www.instagram.com/p/BAaietBElm5/
After estimating my taxes I think i need a roth IRA and/or roth 401k, however I'm not a fossil
or just be like carman and claim internet issues with a freeze frame
Same dude.
TSLA seems to have worked for poeple
We are glad you held strong
VIX calls.
GUH!
Youtube recommended this to me

Idk how they got footage of me losing money
https://youtu.be/B8cN586JUR8
It's all at like .003%
In for a 1000$ puts.

&#x200B;

All this AI talk scares boomers.  

&#x200B;

Terminator REruns coming on TBS going to bring back Skynet fears.
So I am still trying to get the hang of theta strategy but I have been having a hard time understanding the put-credit spread and it's benefits. But NVDA seems like it would have been the perfect candidate the past month or so. Barely fucking moved...

So with the put-credit spread you are limiting the capital required and limiting potential downside if the stock does drop in price, and thus able to open more put credit spreads?

So if NVDA is at $530 when you open the spread and $530 when the spread expires (just for example), and you buy the 500p 1/15 and sell the 510p, you will collect \~$250 per spread. If it goes down, but stays above $510 you will collect more because the short leg (500p) may be able to be closed in profit, and hold the $510p towards expiry or to where theta has eaten away at the value of the put and you have reduced the loss from writing the 510p. Is that correct or am I just extremely retarded?

Would higher risk/reward be just selling cash secured puts without spreading?

How many of these are you opening at a time?

I have about 250K of capital (up from about 120K in April when I started trading again) and it's invested in stupid shit right now that is at ATH and feels maxed out. TSLA, NVDA, FB, ADBE, Currently holding 40x NVDA which is not making me any money.

I have been theta-ganging TSLA by selling naked puts when it goes down (I have cash to cover), and writing covered calls when it goes up or during consolidation and it has been fairly profitable. I usually only do one or the other, and only 1x call so I am fairly well covered but luckily it has not  gone tit's up on me yet. But that doesn't really seem like the right way to do things unless you do want to hold shares of the company longer term....
You’re an absolute autist
4 fitty
Yes basically. The more OTM you go the less premiums you make and the less chances you’ll get assigned obviously. Literally free money.
Wtf are you doing with your chop sticks
Love this thread until the HK market opens.
[deleted]
Imagine if they bought at $9.50
Haha ...  something comforting “737-No-Problem”
🚨Rich asf alert🚨

#BRK.A
I mean yeah, gotta weed out the posers somehow
They’re parking money.
Wrong
last day 2020 . future close ath . TSLA fuckin close above 720$ . monday 1/4 car report lord elon will bring tsla to 750 above .
😂😂😂

I respect your cajones man, far bigger than mine. Godspeed.

Edit: just please, for the love of god, set a stop or two. Things could get shaky with the runoff.
2021 SPY targets?
Stimmy should hit tomorrow
Same guy created them both. ToS for research and heavy trading. Tasty for cheap commissions and quickies.
Picked up leaps. They gotta know something.
You realize how stupid you sound?
My goal here is to get rich quick and fuck hookers! What stonk would you recommend?
Get off reddit, ask a professional.
This is exactly what someone who learned about it 3 days ago says
I show 50 p/e and 29 forward p/e from finviz which is usually spot on. Although I wouldn't be using PE to value a high growth tech company
Everyone lost their minds and forgot that Gamestop fucking sucks and is a shitty company.

TLDR: $GME 🚀🚀🚀
If it gets assigned, you can just buy the next dip.  There HAS to be one, right?
The best I do now is write CC for like .05 every week and get a few bucks to play fun stocks
Kind of agree why not make a call after earnings report on Feb 5
Came with the 3.57 patch, check the changelog
I sold! :D . Rode it for 9.82% profit!
Where can I check?
Made a few comments now but still not getting much for reply’s. 

What’s thoughts on CRSR after lockup? I want to open a decent position but wondering if I should hold out till after this. Nervous about it plummeting and taking quite awhile to recover
If you are turning everyone to thetagang, who’s gonna buy the shit we are selling
Shit, I'm in! $pltr until Valhalla!
Hope he didn’t listen to you like I did I could’ve turned $90 into $1.4K if I would’ve held.
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/gkibbe the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
ToS feels super dated. I’m mulling a switch to Tasty
[removed]
It's just too easy
Both?  Silly ho.. she tries so hard to play games.  Why the company would put her back on after I took her off is beyond me.
1% down
arkg is continuously buying up $TAK, that stocks been sideways for years
[deleted]
is baba drilling?
I think the point still stands. I don’t know how any person being truly objective could see that the number of SPACs is like 5x what it was in any previous year combined with the number of secondary offerings and IPOs going on and not think this market is getting ridiculous. People are buying anything that moves fully expecting it to 4x in a year. I don’t use the term bubble often but what’s happening in certain areas of the market (like spacs) is an obvious bubble. That people are calling anyone who suggests otherwise dumb or a permabear for suggesting it makes it even more clear.
Good luck brother. I got u
You.. bought this put??
You’re brilliant bb
You mean an amazing stock tip? 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🤝
Nice
So you just buy the shares, sell the calls and expect them to get exercised?
And now you’re guilty of felony insurance fraud
I love you guys 

Make the last day of 2020 a fun one regardless what color Robinhood you get in the morning ❤️

—- *WSB CHIEF ANALYST* / 👑🐌👑
You son of a bitch I’m in!!
It’s funny that people were saying that the stores were both packed and sold out of consoles, so what were people buying then? Hoodies??
I'm 35 and have 35 years of opinion trading experience. I was born autistic.
Downvote these nuts
It'll go down on earnings 

It's dogshit lol
Waiting to find out also
Guys on the other subs can make $5k+ regularly with tons of trades 1-5min long, maybe not every day. I can do about $1k near open and close. This year is way easy
Hope you held
Not when I sold a shit ton of baba puts
Yall are gonna be pissed next month
Yes $GME to da moon
Cool story, it’s obvious that the chick is a guy though
[removed]
ur fucked
Haha sure is a tiny country in comparison
What a coomer
Did she just give you a shitty stock tip as a Christmas present or what?
How about me, who has six figures but wanted to post my 4-bagger? Bought a single .10 put, sold for .42. Hibachi steak tonight, boyyyzzz!

But it's a joke. Nobody wants to see it because nobody thinks it's funny but me.
Yea, im sure the execs are Melvin Capital are losing sleep at night because 0.02% of their portfolio is in a losing short position.
Brilliant DD
[deleted]
Is this an admission of insurance fraud or a confession of murder?
Baba green in HK?
DM please? Bro? Please?
If this shit don’t open at 51+ I am shambled
[deleted]
Clearly retarded and a troll, but use Charles Schwab. They’ll hold your hand and give you a reach around while they rob you only a little. Get the fuck outta r/WSB and go to r/investing and get yourself some nice sweet SP500 matching index funds.

Don’t come back here. We’re talking about options and shit that will make you hundreds of percent returns as long as you stay within your personal risk tolerance. It’s horrible! You don’t want any part of this!
Meteor kills employees, company doesnt have to spend money on salaries, stonks go up!
Noted and downvoted
Uh new meteor? when did this comeout?
Soooooo... $pltr to the moon?
[deleted]
Nice, I was expecting dicks
Lol
very very concerned for bul rn.
Yep, i think you're both retarded.
I’d like to know too. Personally i like thinkorswim but I’ve never used TastyWorks
great for whomever is short them worthless shits
1/8 14c CCJ checking in 😩
Not retarded enuff to trade options.
Pleas fly again
Pretty sure I sold you those, thanks!
Yea its kinda going too far now money out of the market or equities are losing.  Which is bad because we will perpetually be over leveraged.
I say “my startup” because I was one of the first few employees. There are hundreds now (pre merger). We got stock options that we could buy for $0.01 par value, and they converted to stock in the already-public company that just merged with “my” company. Why would i lose all my money? I just want to sell my shares in the public company and go back to the small leagues. I don’t have the kind of scratch to play markets like y’all do here. Think a Ferrari is an expensive flex? Try a Toyota Sienna packed to capacity with kids.
Post history confirms OP has no brain and just posts random stupid stuff
Really is a stupid name

Wasn’t it originally something else though? Like a newsletter
It would be too long for the daily
[removed]
uppies or downies tmr.  asking cuz i got long spy puts
So PLTR $30 EOW?
Too bad now it’s my profile picture for LinkedIn. Thank you!
Someone ban these fools
I call it a stimmy to, fuck the haters
They charge $0.65 contract fees
Why do you say that?
Same pool.
[deleted]
Do it for the gays fool.
[deleted]
Nope
Monthlies fuck you the worst cause they give you a false sense of security.  If there's a decent size dip, it'll typically take more than a month to recover and your calls will be DOA.

At this point I do dailies and weeklies to gamble and 3 months+ only.  Usually more like a year.
[deleted]
How long would this hypothetical correction last?
[deleted]
If you don't have the money to buy the shares, you have to sell the contracts before closing on their expiration date. Robinhood says they automatically do this 30 minutes (I think) before closing, if your account doesn't have the funds to cover it.
Just posted article
I’m thinking 3D and maybe time on a slider.
So it could be medically-necessary testosterone replacement... Or he could be eating a regular diet of bull testicles to gain their gains.

Translation attempt: 👩‍⚕️💉❔🍽️🐂🔴⁉️💹🚀🚖🌙🕶️
Like the Iron Maiden...
Nio dayyyyyy!!!
Well Google Volkswagan shorts squeeze.. If GME squeeze played out like that.. It could possibly hit triple digits over the course of a few days for the shorts to get out in an infinite squeeze... 

Or look into another example of a shorts squeeze like how Tesla's shorts helped increasing its price massively but over a longer time frame. 

Don't have a price target for you mate
[deleted]
Based Xi raising the youth to buy NIO instead of TSLA
Startup idea:

Zoom app that just plays a video of you on loop. Smiling and nodding for an hour. Nobody knows you’re actually doing a Jeffrey Tubin in the background.
Thanks to Tom hanks we are in a pandemic now
honestly i think beetcoin will prevail though
Thought it was gonna say we ride at dawn, would’ve been better
Blue lines ?
25,999 shares at $28.90 so pump that shit up please
25 schmeckles... I I I don't I don't how much....I don't know wh-what that is...is that a lot? Is that a little?
Can we get one more circuit breaker.
Because its guaranteed by their governments when almost nothing else is after say the first 1 million or whatever.  When in a big enough deflationary environment like Japan might actually not be a negative rate of return.  Bank will be paying negative rate of return as well usually.  Not an econ nerd but as a ZROZ bag holder can tell you straight up bonds suck ass right now.
Which one executes trades better TastyWorks or ThinkorSwim?
He still wearing his ankle monitor?
Yes, it’ll be there
Im down 20k from ATH............... I DONT CARE .............. FUCK YOU   🌈🐻 !!!!! IM NOT SELLING! Have your fun now, but get ready to swallow cocks made of diamonds in Q4!!!!!  


Post your unrealized losses below - We can all laugh at how big our balls are, and how fucked the   🌈🐻  are.
No
I was just thinking of using historical data, and maybe updated every night with the previous days info. Live would be sick, but idk where to get that info.
[removed]
Be sure to save enough for taxes on that gain. Congrats and fuck you
Green lines good. Red lines bad.
So this meteor is delivering a new mutant strain of Covid? Great.
What happens to an option if a stock splits?
Yeah the lighting is weird from some angles, really makes it look like CGI
bro they haven't started yet it literally says they are starting 2021
You mean 737 classic?
That IS the experience!
Do we usually go green or tank like during New Years, haven’t Don’t options during this time yet :-)
The more DD I see here, the less confident I am about my GME shares.

Because it's getting dumber and dumber by the post.  I remember earlier DD that had technical analysis and some big brain thoughts.  Now its just 420 69 memes and rocketships.
Evin his hair left him for his wife's new boyfriend!!! 

Fucking Penis in the suit.... We are 1.8 million retards here x $1,000 = 1.8 Billion

&#x200B;

Thats POWER
If I don’t swim, I...think?

Fuckin stupid
No. The “if we don’t” is the current situation. “If we don’t” is the price bleeding up from $13 to around $20 right now. 

The fact is that the short thesis was bankruptcy. That is no longer on the table, at least for the next year or more. Meaning GME should trade at a reasonable valuation without even discussing short sellers. 

We are starting to get to “normal valuation” based on revenue numbers, new console cycle, increasing e-commerce sales, debt reduction, and share repurchases. 

This “diamond hands” thing comes into play when shorts believe they can cover all their shares based on the float, when the reality is that it’s not just Cohen who is sick of their bullshit, it’s all of us that own shares too. 

Meaning they are going to have an increasingly difficult time covering their shorts at any price.
Not telling you
I mean, he does kinda look like a penis in a suit.
im ded
again, banned ticker on this sub. Like holy shit do you know anything about the ree field that didn't come directly from MP advertising team?

[https://www.lynascorp.com/](https://www.lynascorp.com/)

[https://www.mining.com/lynas-signs-contract-for-us-rare-earths-facility/](https://www.mining.com/lynas-signs-contract-for-us-rare-earths-facility/)

&#x200B;

Notice that you keep saying "MP is the only functional MINE" ... no one gives a shit about the MINE. Rare earths are NOT RARE. The hard part is the refining. MP can;t do this yet, and their predecessor molycorp went out of business trying to do it because it was too expensive.
Someone tell me why ICLN leaps wouldn't be the easiest 10 bagger the world has ever seen
He lost so much money he got banned from Robinhood . Learn about your forefathers
If buying calls under a week to expiration is undeniably gambling, while hardly anyone would ever call buying (not absurdly OTM) LEAPS gambling, where does the line blur? Are biweeklies gambling? What about monthlies?
[removed]
Throwing an orgy if Nio hits 51 tomorrow
Yeah but slave labor is bad. They have nets outside their factories because of how often employees working 16 hour days making 2 bucks jump
😆😂🤣s h I t l o r d
But why
That’s how we create infinite wealth. Make money on OF calls and use it to buy more content
My ex somehow put herself back on my insurance after I took her off.  Updated my policy with notice of her death today.  Oops.
[deleted]
Saki tastes like a bears version of tequila so they can sip it like wine
Lets go Clang Gang
Have fun being tits deep in debt, retard
[deleted]
Everyone knows that buying stocks based on memes will give you autism.... sweet, sweet autism...... PLTR TO THE MOON 🚀🚀🚀🚀
[deleted]
"Team Building"
Sorry, we do only serious trading platform like Robinhood!
Highly speculative stocks are selling off.

Pharma was nailed yesterday and kept walking down today. More speculative SPACs like SpaceMobile and TRI-T are all down.

Typically this forecasts a sell-off over the next few weeks, at least it did in October, same pattern. I'd get out of your Jan 15th calls, personally.
Whelp, someones gotta sell me some calls. Thanks retard!
Either way, I’m fucked. Net 82.5C weeklies were not da way
🏳️‍🌈🐻 gonna short. The only short thing we know is a short bus! GME 🚀🚀🚀🚀🌑
The most downvoted, yet the most correct. Funny that.
The moment it breaks over 695 we are done for. I can’t think of a better support line than the closing cross of S&P inclusion. Tesla either closes at 680 or 740 tomorrow.
Just posted the link. I was just googling tesla shit and that article came up
Flat or down
I remember having puts on the night that Tom hanks announced he tested positive for COVID 💦💦💦
Fuck baba it better go to $0 you guys are delusional
Tits deep in puts
You guys are smart.. I’m debating selling my position in BRK.A for the gains 

What do you think?

https://imgur.com/a/KddNK6J
remember when you used to get banned for using the word "stonks"?
JD too!! 🚀
[removed]
Just wait for the onlyfans IPO to get on the action
Apparently they paid out dividends, and modified all of the existing options to compensate. They also tanked because of ARCT on the same day, so it was kinda confusing
Just use it to pay something else
🤣🤣🤣🤣
Thank you. This really helps affirm my price targets:

$250M = $2.5B market cap at 10x sales 

I’d say going into 2021 that means $1.5B minimum for the hype ($35 share price).  Add to it the surge in Neodyium prices and we should easily be at $40 in Q1.  By end of year should be $2B cap ($46 share price) + neodymium changes.
Change the system, add direct control, change the fukin name...
Thank God Doc Elon invented the flux capacitor, I’m bout to go back 10 minutes and do this shit AGAIN!
Gotta get that Tesla Roadster yo.
literaly just started listening to the onlyfans episode of impaulsive lol
I got roped into the chanting and now I know if I let go I'll fade into the darkness.
Creator is a 6'3" headbanger.
Will it? Did they sell out of their plushy toys this quarter?
Fidelity is shit when it comes to option approval.

Go with RH or TD,  they approve even a monkey.
Was this a hedge, or just pure autism?
[deleted]
Anyone going to any NYE Zoom work parties?
don't buy high
Puts on Kyle Trask
I feel like spruce or pine would be a good medium for posts.
[deleted]
Do they roll down hills too? If so sign me tf up 🚀
[removed]
She is fuckin fine gawd damn.
$BABA red in HK?????
Agreed, same exact deal with Tesla at \~980$ presplit. I member.
125 @10.50 enough right there
I hope my overleveraged weeklys see this
BA is never going tits up. The government will now allow it. It is, however, embarrassing how it is now viewed. Airbus is making great airplanes even before the MA.
Gainz
[removed]
I’m still sitting on my jan 2022 45/80c bull call spread.
That’s Interactive Brokers
There are sites you can resell them on. You’ll lose a small chunk tho. Might be better options out there
Some say I’m a prodigy. But I prefer autist.
Shorting damn near anything back in March/April seemed to made sense.  I actually got taken on that last dip where it seemed like vaccines put the nail in their hype coffin.  Fortunately I'd driven my effective cost down $15 or so from what I originally paid, but still burned to watch it run
Last day...won’t have volume..easy drill
Sink or thwim was taken
Lol you clearly don’t know who these people are
🤲🏻 please sir, I want some more
Lambo or GTFO!
Liked your analysis. The options are freaking expensive though.

Also, Pichai has proven not to be a great CEO, as opposed to Nadella.

My position:

GOOG 1800/2000 Call Spread, March 2021

(the only difference between GOOG and the slightly more expensive GOOGL is that the latter has voting rights which we probably will never use).
All the finance/I-banking MBAs I know are making over 200k a year. Some, quite a bit more.

Maybe zero correlation is a bit of a stretch?
Too complicated. Lost interest after first image.
[removed]
Deposit $500 from your bank account and use the visa as a credit card? Lol oh wait you prob got an empty bank account.
[removed]
Idk about the black part, but you are def not smart and belong in a special ed class
[removed]
Someone...or some thing...
[deleted]
[deleted]
I’m out here yoloing meme options trying to make a dollar meanwhile girls can just make an onlyfans and get $50k a month for shaking their ass
Bill is usually a cool guy about this stuff. Just give him a call and work something out. He likes seafood and Bourbon.
r/rareinsults
I like your optimism
If Tesla reaches May 1st levels again will Elon tweet “Tesla stock price too high imo” again?🤔
The companies themselves are in a shithole and will be there for a while. I don't know if that should be a factor in your picks.
Ear muff diver
[deleted]
[removed]
unironically they'd make more money selling these fucking plushies then they would with their current product (nothing)
Gonna be a red day....
Is there a different sub I should ask?


I think if I say the lockup date and ticker I can get in trouble.
can only go up from here 🚀🚀
$215 tomorrow
Oh man do you remember the diehipster blog?  Holy shit that was a moment in time.  Forgot all about it.
Aapl tomorrow?
[removed]
Why gamble with meme stocks? You can make decent profit selling QQQ puts. The worst thing that can happen is you'll have to hold one of the best ETFs for a while.
Your startup? Like yours, that you sold? And you agreed to the deal with no knowledge of stocks within the deal, and in the passing 5 yrs, didn’t look up anything to do with stocks? You have a shitty lawyer. I see a post, relatively soon, about how you lost all your money. What kind of “options” were they? How do you buy options 5 yrs out? Why would you buy options 5 yrs out?
Dip your nuts in his tea.
Wait, you don’t get free trades on TDA?
They took all of her bill Murray stuff down but not her shop
[removed]
100%
I don't quite understand this can some one fill me in I want to understand more
I got a combo of shares and calls - im not selling a god damn thing - im only going to exercise to shares at expire........... I wanna fuck 2   🌈🐻s at the same time , maybe even 3 if my giant diamond cock can hold up to the challenge :D
Dude what the fuck is that
Per se.
This is the way. When is the turnaround?
Well get to readin'. No position means we ain't interested and this post is boring af.
What the actual fuck where you thinking?  You greedy bastard you.
Shoot me your idea in a PM and I'll look into it
Thanks for that.  

The snarkyness comes from you picking on one thing, out of a larger post, and then commenting 'so much for that' which was snarky on your own part.  If you would have come into the discussion without pointing it like a 'got eem' type attack, you wouldn't have received the snark.
#THINK OR SWIM IS SUCH A GAY NAME
Just do it on RH and have a grown up account on TDA
I had 2900 shares at 17.96. Never forget
Caught myself calling the stimulus the stimmy to people irl.
My whole Roth IRA is basically GME shares & options.
wrong ARK
Buying opportunity...
China is like a Rob Gronkowski. They do fucked up stuff all the time and the headlines never stick. Meanwhile the US is like Tom Brady. No matter what we do we are loathed despite being the best.
Says the guy getting a stimulus check. 
You’re too poor to even respond to me kid.
[deleted]
Yeah not funny. People would take him in a second
Doing his dd in a second language.... cool
A short report at $8, then another at $10 was enough to put me off FUBO.
Tmr pleas
Remindme! 2 months
[deleted]
He treats his shares like an “amuuusement pahk!”
Mine would leave me if she knew I participated in this retarded sub so I just said I'm talking to some hot chicks instead
Jim Cramer saying it is a buy under 20$ is all it needed.
Gotcha. 

Best of luck to you!
Hahah that 600 going straight up to 3k and right back down to 0
Few thousand, earlier in the year tens of thousands, sometimes 6 figures
He’s in Corsair rn idk when he’s getting into gme, but he’s bagholding Corsair and he has diamond hands so who knows
I farted, they never approved to opened account for me
ouch :( what you in?
Where we are going we don't need gains
That's meeee.
Anyone do their trading though J.T. Marlins platform?
Thanks janitor from Billy Madison
[removed]
Heavy? 🤔
Whose getting nio calls? What are your positions?
That's because it isn't really relevant to what anybody is talking about
He Trollin
What are those?
Plan is to buy 3 of each. I'm not there yet. they're like 4-4.6k each right now.
I got a 500 dollar visa gift card for Christmas, how do I get this in the markets?
-$5700
been in eose since it was around $12/share. Currently have 2/19 22.5c bought abt a month or so ago. Gave me some heartburn today but i’m holding for now. Can’t seem to figure out why WSB isn’t all over it but my buddy said he tried to post DD on it here and it got auto removed as a banned ticker. Not sure why but that’s all I know. Definitely a sound investment long (9-12mo) imo
PLTR is $35 next week
JD 🚀
[removed]
Imagine getting out played by morons with $100...his ego is so big he can’t see the light at the end of his 🐻🌈. Imagine being so insecure you hold onto your hair when you need to buzz it off. This dudes wife will be fucked by the GME Bulls.
Now can you explain that again to a 5 year old?
Was up 300% now down 50% :(
Noted, just bought more GME
Err sorry webinar. Seminar made it sound more involved. I don’t have the patience to watch anything but they also awesomely post detailed notes for them. 

I found them really helpful where they give the formula for all the margin requirements for stuff like selling naked calls and so on.

And yeah entirely agreed I love their system. They have a “bad” interface in that it’s non-intuitive but it’s also super thorough and I fucking love it now that I know it. Pretty sure they’ll be my broker of choice for a long long while.
But can you write off losses?
[removed]
Haha I bought 12 shares shortly before this. Jokes on them
If we all do the rain dance at the same time ARKG will moon tomorrow
J.T. Marlin
Minecraft villagers
I hate that damn yeti
JD
I can see why people think it's fake , it does look cg. but that's pretty cool.
[removed]
Can sell
Covered calls against
[removed]
So you're saying there's a chance?
Fuck you
Just buy the share lockup dip duh
theta gang doesn't do only CSP lmao
[deleted]
delete this
Hella Corvallis swag mate
TOS isn't really for poor people.
I have jan 2022 105c that are up 14% already. I will keep adding on any dips and will load up if we get a market correction.
Not cheaper.
That's heavy (my bags)
Yep.
I don’t think I’m allowed to say. I’ll have to read the 100 pages of agreements again but I think I’m not supposed to give that kind of info on any social media. Just looking for which brokerage firm will help me liquidate this quickly.
You would be retarded not to....................

But, you need to be buying with the intent to hold this for atleast 6months..........  Bears gonna goof around till they cant................. we gonna easily double in another 6 months to a year, and then from there god knows how far up we go as long as the CPT.s of the ship are showing we are profitable and growing again.
Tesla to the 🌙. India 2021 and they need Tesla, too much smog over there, they need EV. 🚀🚀🚀🚀
Narrator: *And there was no tomorrow*
“Powered by gravity”
I mean if it’s only a one month difference the new landlord may just be like whatever. Lawyers are expensive for landlords too and I would highly question whether one would hire one to recover a single month’s rent. This is doubly true if you’re in a left leaning state where landlords get fucked six ways from Sunday
If you sell you ain’t black
Jan 15th Put spreads
Meteor talks going well
No thanks
its one reason i switched to longer plays, i don't have to worry about theta fucking me in a week or 2.  If it's a winner, let that fucker run
icln is the smartest move here
To answer your comment about a single share being lent in perpetuity,...theoretically possible, but eventually a buyer who isn't intending on lending will acquire it. 

IBKR isn't the only prime broker, so take their data as directional, at best. All else equal fewer shares reflecting as available should imply tightness in supply which should lead to increasing borrow rates--you're right about that. There's a lot of moving parts, but IBorrow is the best free source. Each broker has its own fee & supply, it's a market.
Revenge tra... bruh, no. 

Swing trader is better. Ride the waves 🌊🏄
I made the bet based on the duopoly and America's penchant for national security issues, but yea, I just want to see it run up
Few hundred
-$500
I know the feeling. My SPY bags are heavy
What’s the expected target price
What did Marty McFly say when the market closed?

Back to the futures.
How hard was it to buy NIO calls for NIO day?
[deleted]
🚀
Genius!
Umm big sweaty tiddies
oh my shit not updating right

Still green tho
[deleted]
Got out of GME at 20 :)
How we feeling about baba tomorrow
What would Picard do?
Imagine buying a 1300x ratio, my change jar is worth  more that reality....
cheaper than shares... potential to make more money. This is my guess, not really sure. I just know Mama Pelosi loves deep ITM leaps.
[removed]
2 contracts for 30k? 

Holy shit smack my balls man wtf that's expensive!
You're right but only because we don't learn here.
I’d pay
Any future traders here? On an average good day, how much you making?
Weird, usually the lawyers will email Etsy and Etsy will throw her out.
oh okay, well at least you know now, make him suck your dick or something
Getting a vasectomy
[deleted]
Use RH, dunno if you can short but you can buy puts so same thing really
Not with GoPro....that company literally fucked me hard. Bought in at 88. A lot of money on it to....
lol, this sounds retarded. Please elaborate.. VIX is dogshit low. Are you implying a specific ticker is about to get crushed and WSB is all in it?
[deleted]
[deleted]
yeah and honestly china products are not bad. sure they might be a little shittier than US made but it gets the job done usually.
Less chance of going worthless
I pick up meme stocks when they are cheap (typically by selling puts) so I can turn around and sell way out of the money calls weekly or monthly. The idea is to ride the growth while making regular income so I don't give a fuck how long it takes (see: Tesla in 2017). When I accidentally get assigned it means my original investment has gone up an absurd amount very fast, so I get to wipe my tears with money. And sell puts again if it dips.

The income from this is astonishing.

I've also been buying SPACs outright before they have options chains available just to sell way out of the money calls as soon as they have options.
Totally. But then again most my money was was tied up in on NIO at $15 so maybe I already got em champ. Try again buddy.
Man that sounds bullish as fuck! Gotta make them tendies like there no tomorrow
Why would anyone actually do that? Sorry, this scenario was not studied at my shit uni lol
[removed]
Higher delta, lower theta
What do you mean brotherx
Yeah without your own belief in any stock you could easily pull out on bad days. I for one will stick with GME for the short term after lots of my own research into it... just to see how it plays out. Could hop into NIO etc now which seem like safer bets short term  but if GME works out the way we think it might ( all we need is the price to go up steadily or any news which has been shown previously to increase it massively) then it could make us thousandares or millionaires over a very short time frame. Who knows tho.. Exciting stock to be apart of anyway!
TSLA to India in 2021, 🚀 🚀
Looked into Tesla calls at open today but decided to buy SPY calls instead 🤡
Lol, yea.  I sold some of those last Friday.  I'm sweating bullets too.
Dam you bought them at their peak😂.Same here for my 1/15 calls. I’ll be selling them on the 8th probably to avoid iv crush.
[deleted]
r/traps
Boeing needs to scrap the MAX. No software is gonna fix a design flaw. 

BA even pulled out of Seattle. It’s a race to the bottom when it comes to cost cutting. It’s like Taco Bell making airplanes now.
First spank?
5 bucks 🤣
you know you are pissing off bears when they start down voting post for just being about GME lmao - we already getting downvotes
It's a good company, no brand name awareness to it tho, also valued more. GNOG has more room to run.
Can someone make an animated gif with a pea flying through the air?
How did you guys get lower options fees for TDA? I saw a post about it a few days ago some guy argued down to 50 cents
will baba drill tonight on the hk exchange?
Who
Smol pp
Catch 22.

If you're banging chicks, you can't save money.
Dumb question.  Are you covering the call with owned shares, liquid collateral in your account, or another option at a different strike (a credit spread). Thanks.
IV crush is priced in bro
I think there will be a crash tomorrow. Yes I’m from the future, I trade futures
That's pretty amazing.  Thanks for the info.   

I change the oil in my car every 12 months.  Maybe one day I'll change it every never again months haha.  But not in a Tesla.  I'll wait for ICE manufacturers to come out with EVs, in a few more years at the earliest.
Lol yeah I looked it up yesterday but now I'm not sure. I locked in my $3k losses either way :)
Stocks only go up, right?
Ride the wave dont spend time timing the crash!
[removed]
No. What ticker symbol and how many shares i.e. "the position" and I ain't talking about what you do with your GFs BF when she is out of the house.
This made me seriously lol. Nice job, duder
The artist’s handle was cropped off the bottom. This was done by @_ajl on insta. Their work is fantastic. Definitely worth a follow
What day is this?
You're smarter than most
Spy likes to fuck me sideways
[removed]
[removed]
I believe institutional traders use Robinhood
That's actually sad. Draw the line somewhere
0DTE gme calls?
They're pretty much gauranteed to hit.
Propose so you can have your assets seized in the lawsuit? Very smaht
Felt. We green or red tommorow?
That retard u/wallstreetbets going full retard with 52000 on BABA fds.
We’re going to the moon 🌑 🚀 🚀 🚀
The ARK mentioned in that tweet and Cathie's ARK are 2 different entities.
I desire to know more
Interesting point
Wait a second, everyone here is talking about us few retards not being able to produce a significant increase. How would a few paper handed people be able to stop our journey to the moon then if the hedges are buying millions of shares? Just trying to be a little optimistic since I really want this rocket to go off.
GME puts
Yah well profit is profit. So im not too bummed if it gets called away. 

I also learned to buy back cc if I'm up significantly on them rather than waiting for them to expire.
[removed]
making money
There’s a meteor that will hit the earth and kill us all. Also nuclear weapons have been launched, covid20 has just been released, and the $2k stimmy has been rejected

Futures traders: but *could* there be stimmy? 🤔
Yes. New concept for this homie. This guy gets it better than r/investing
True
Mary Ann from "Gilligan's Island" Dies from Covid.

Fukk 2020.
i hope not. i have a 55c 1/15 thats getting whacked since i bought it like 2 weeks ago
Ya good shit my dude
What
Thinkorswim thru TDA not sure on fractional
Don't forget that he pumped the shit out of NAT and NKLA. Also, he only shows a fraction of his portfolio.
Fractional shares are for poors
Because it went up 50% from the lows in the middle of at least a 9-month pandemic
So if I understand that link right even a single share could be sold and re-sold short 1000's of times as long as whoever is buying it is buying it on margin.  Does that mean we should be looking at the borrowing interest rate more than how many shares are available?  Like on 12/28 the rate was at 31% with 150,000 available, then today it went down to 30,000 and 22.2%.  Seems like the rate should go up as the number available goes down.
Remind me again why the economy matters? Stonks only go up.
Eww 🤧Downvoting haters!

Congrats!
You just hang tight buddy. 265 3/31. 300 8/15
[removed]
It’s out now?
Nah just specifically hers
Yes I’m using HCs data from 18-19. I agree 25-54 is a ridiculous age range. I agreed with most of your comment actually about the Mach E. I prefer it’s styling and the availability of having a dealership within reach to most people cuts an advantage to Ford. I didn’t insult you or raise any points of contention with your post other than the fact that youth are driving Tesla’s when they aren’t from what data is available. No need to be snarky, I’m not your wife’s boyfriend.
Sold CC at 47.5, so yeah probably
What’s the advantage to buying deep ITM calls?
When the pandemic was ramping up in April I remember people shorting PTON at $25. The DD seemed solid, delivery delays, unemployment,  etc...  Crazy year.
r/stimuluscheck
I can’t stand Graham for some reason, can’t explain it
INTC price at open?
DMY(D) the best play in the sector
If they had their tubes tied it's a yuge win. Cum shots for days
This is an admitted risk. Thanks for your input.
[deleted]
#Best broker? I want fractional shares, options trading, no fee shit, ability to short... GO
[removed]
Because we’re the loudmouth, jerking off to memories of when we peaked in high school. 

The Shining City on a hill is a current dumpster fire, drunk on perceived exceptionalism and a creeping realization that no one knows what the fuck they are doing or how to do it. 

All they know is there is $ to be made and it stops at that thought.
Lost almost half my bank tendies this week. Chasing and getting smacked down. Revenge trading and impatience = worse combo in trading. I should switch to austism and 💎  🙌
Yes, those short attacks were amazing buying opportunities! Those option premiums were so cheap last year too and now it's just wild how far we've come!
underrated
People trading with money they can afford to lose, or at least that's how it's supposed to be done.
ya i know - but i wasnt looking at it like that in this context.
No
Shut the fuck up
I'm so excited to look at my etrade tomorrow and cry because GME is down 5% FUCK
Puts on ETSY then, is what you're saying?
I know. I try buying only American made but its impossible to compete with slave labor prices.  And its rigged against American businesses. I bought a US flag and the label said made in China. Sent it back and paid 3x to get a US made flag.
VTRS will moon in 1-2 weeks started end of day today. Dividend announcement soon and will be close to 5%
does the free burrito code actually work?
That is terrifying
No because they handle cock more gently due to their expertise in nurturing something
No, I bought 350 SNAP calls Friday and Sold on Monday -70%. Tuesday they were up 1500% M-T. So roughly 3-400% for me. 6 figures missed for the seventh time this year. I always feel MM against me.
I got lost in the sauce reading this
They deleted all the posts last breakout
[deleted]
That was like back in Oct though. I get the BECKY play but like how is a store that sells home organization goods considered disruptive when she has positions in like gene splicing equities (just and example)?
r/biggerthanyouthought
I think FUBO will fly again. I learned of it at 27, bought at 31, sold at 50ish. That all happened so fast, I think it will retrace the mid thirties
You are the second person to post this. It’s about 250k if that’s what your asking. $500 initial investment.
[removed]
This is insulting........me
Only fans exclusive
Fucking $52.35 but I’ll be in profit before then thanks to IV
strike and date?
Are they gravity powered?
What if I have +25k but split across multiple accounts because I know I'm a degen. Am I safe?
Why Tim Apple drive Apple car to boo boo town?
This all you got?
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Dark pool transactions don't affect the market in the same way. It's a separate behind the scenes deal.
hipster on hipster crime
Negative
Learned to not care about votes awhile ago. Not saying I’m not active, I golf a shit ton and have other hobbies so trying to fit in lifting is just, you know, a lot.
Chick I’m dating runs a pretty big Etsy and got a cease and desist letter from whoever owns the trademark for Bill Murray products to stop using his likeness. Now she is doubling down and going to keep using his likeness. I finally met a bigger retard than me, prob gonna propose
I am hoping you gonna find side Columbian chick, but if it dude pleases you! Go for it!
This sub is so pussified now
I love you folks. Thanks for being. Free tendies in the new year.
100% bro
Bc they’re to your advantage
LETTTTTTTTTTS GOOOOOOOOOO!!!
Now I know why my meme was deleted... it didn’t spark joy!
I know most of you can't read but feel free to have your wives read this aloud to you.

[stoku markit basics](https://imgur.com/gallery/kfQeOF2)
[deleted]
PLTR is like the backup QB in highschool. It peaked already and is pretending it hasn’t.
I'll get their site working but I expect to be paid in GME shares and LEAPs.
Anyone else see the Boston dynamics vid of their robots dancing... wow. There’s gonna be a fucking wave of robot tech coming soon enough.
[removed]
im giving you until 3rd week of jan to moon
I'll take any motherfucker's money if he GIVIN it away
DD checks out
Why?
What do you expect?

Sir, this is a Wendy's.

Robinhood and Webull knows our tendies go brrr
Yes
his balls havent fallen yet
Lol Pepe Silvia
Are milfs overrated?
GE is what got me into buying stocks. The return on GE I’m hoping will double in about a year or two.
High five me on your way past Nebular 🚀
Bc they’re lending out everyone’s money before they dip it 30% till after 7/1
You’re a fucking loser.
japanese ?
I sell far OTM CCs on SPY holdings
Damn, thank you. I am genuinely surprised at how many people find what I have to say helpful...but good luck getting me to shut up either way 😂 😂 😂

Cheers & GME GANG LESGOOO!!!

EDIT: I'm tired of these motha fucken shorts, in my motha fucken stock!
Oh hey, this is pton guy. What's up dog?
Boeing or boingo
Your grandma types like a scammer.
[deleted]
🧻✋🏼
Dkng only not because they blow bazillions on marketing
Nikola Trucks
Because fractional shares are  (first half of your parenthesis)
What is it like 40 bucks just blow it
dude everything on Amazon is from china lmao literally everything.
Think Burry sold most of his call options. Probably to fund his next endeavor
I'd be careful with that assumption.  People will still pile into bonds if get a big enough shock even with a negative real return.  Euros and Japan have been able to sell negative rate bonds for example.
Alarm 🚨
Looks like mobile service still has your back. 

https://amp.reddit.com/r/teslamotors/comments/e4m4ni/owning_and_servicing_a_tesla_in_rural_areas/

I've needed it once and I have a 2018 Model 3. They upgraded the FSD chip to V3 for me. So it's not like you need to change the oil every 3 months.
u fukin w0t mate
Nationalism is bad but half the world is outpacing the west because they don’t give af about any country except their own. China hasn’t bent its will to please any western government and nothing happens to them and they’re about to be the number one economy. When the us does anything the world throws a hissy fit. Someone explain the purpose of giving a fuck about other countries when China doesn’t and it’s obviously working for them, maybe not citizens but even they would argue it is.
So $0?
Please no
lol, don't listen to any of these fucking tools. Either trust fund kids or actual retards
This piss away
Damn I fucked up
Name things that make you go hmmmm...

GO!
Guhhhh
[deleted]
"You know what they call a   🌈🐻 in France?"

A Royal looser, with a rainbow......

:P
Why doesn’t think or swim (fucking gay name btw) do fractional shares?
It's just a matter of time people and the mainstream catches on
[removed]
You’ll have to pay me to find out
Too bad my balance didn't go up lmao
Grip it and rip it as my old JV baseball coach would yell at us

Trust me, it applies here
Don't know but we should find out over the next 3-6 quarters.
So i need to find a side dude?
This entire sub is going to learn about IV crush in the next few trading days
Looks about right
Targets for those donuts in the break rooms for how wonderful workers we’ve been during COVID, I got 5k on them tomorrow now🍩
Of course
GME GME
Boeing go Bye Bye... 

BA $150 1/21
Just start rubbing shit on the walls already
Yeah it should be red 😤😤😤
Big brain time!!!
just get pegged by your wife and he'll be wicked jealous
Are we getting 6,000 stimmy?
It moons steady that’s the point not fast not slow just right
Just waiting for a proper bear market for markets so markets can finally normalize from people worshipping Cathie and dumb spacs.

If Cathie is so good, why does she not open up a hedge fund? She would make WAY more. The answer is she is lucky just like many of us and caught the trends. She relies on AUM to make her cut so that she gets paid even when her ETFs dont run.
What a great classroom experience! Paid to attend!
I regularly aim for 2% gain over 45 days on far OTM puts, at least. I sell closer in for stocks that haven’t had big run ups recently.
Less than 10k of debt
[removed]
My name is bond, worthless bond.

.007% Coming this summer.
We weren’t making eye contact so it wasn’t gay
This is the one and only thing that interests me about GME and they mentioned it **ZERO** times during the earnings call while announcing they have a $100 million in additional shares if they need it.

I legitimately want this to happen but I wouldn't touch it with free money. I don't see how a flood of new shares doesn't end the short squeeze.
CAROL!
Maybe so. But of all the SPACs I want to get in on it is one of ARK’s

They pick winners
right? fucking poors
There’s basically no way nio ends below 48 tomorrow right?
Who wants to see Tulsi peg AOC give me a mother Fuking HELL YEAH
Tomorrow or Monday I gotcha
It’s all good congratulations for the gains but my input was only to clarify there is still some excellent ETF’s out there...for less fees and less risks to take
Were not the only people buying this stock and boomer tend to disagree
$5! I received as a gift so I’m getting great value.
Of course, not to mention that pinterest is a site whose user base may as well be 100% women. Meaning that they are working with only 50% of whatever niche market they tap into in the first place. 

I see a very strong bear case for PINS (I also do see a bull case given that their site is basically an endless chain of advertisement links) so again, you just got unlucky i think.
Thousand dollars says they don’t hold it up like a wad of drug money. If I was going to rob someone, it would be the dumbass lady holding a stack of money, that I’m almost 100%, isn’t hers. After I robbed her dumbass, I would look like the old man in the other picture.
I got $1,199 in the clip and $1 in the hole;

GME Gang ‘bout to make money, let’s go;

🧻✋ keep selling cuz they just can’t wait;

💎 🙌 and Papa Cohen gotta REGULATE
[deleted]
Nope, was trying to make a joke. Some guy was asking if $670k good enough for a 22 year old
Ride it out while you can
My thoughts and prayers
What do y’all think about CHWY 1/15p $75 ?
Bro ahahahaha. https://images.app.goo.gl/D392imHJLpzTq5CC7
Positions or ban retard! 

Also use the Robinhood brokerage to maximize tendies.
Anal sex
All brokers will. You'll have to ask if they're lending yours. If it's a margin account, almost certainly.
Will ARKG moon soon?
Options?
Just turn it upside down.
Not dying of covid and those tsla
Calls
🚀🚀🚀🧛🏿‍♂️
17.5 1/15/21 bought today on the dip up 40% with end of day volume. 10 contracts
[removed]
Going to end 2020 with a shibang, we drillin tomorrow boys
No shares actually being purchased, the brokerage detects its a spread when making it
A few single digit percent down is nothing like what they'll suffer under a squeeze.
Literally me. Booze is much cheaper at home, even when you double your intake!
Muskrat turned that boy into cassandra
Smart man
I feel the same way as the one who sold 12/31/20 700 calls... Glad to know we both are pissing ourselves.
...like the Challenger
But same time, it has jumped enough to screw ppl overnight.
Im balls deep it better be, either way chinese new year is just a bloc away, that'll save us.
What is long term capital gains tax rate. I'm a retard. Isn't it like 15 or 20% ?
I lost money on everything else today except for Tesla. Tis the way.
I didn’t save 1k until I graduated college
Stop running away on this white sand beach
Why are you taking it if it's his, Commie!
exactly, thats for when you have over 1 million $ doing it now its a waste
My condolences.
What a fucking loser. The market crash, that latest 4 weeks and was the biggest buying opportunity of ALL MF TIME
good luck man
If you are buying GME in s margin account, you are providing free shares to shorts. Buy GME in an IRA account or don’t buy on margin at all if you want GME to go up.
If the US gave everyone 100 shares of GME instead of $2000 in stimulus then they could cause the squeeze and everyone would be rich
🍑🍑🍑
Rich fuck here to provide some insight. Yes, fuck the tax man. 

While I did, in fact, conduct some tax loss harvesting this week to offset against Uncle Sams wretch-inducing bill...locking in gains in January 21 solely for tax purposes is no better than doing it in December.

I’m holding well in excess of 1M in calls in addition to a 100% long portfolio headed into 2021. Even my hedges for the GA election are just other calls.

Enjoy your stimulus, boys.
* 0.19%
Remember the hipster genocide on reddit a few years ago? Hipsters used to get roasted daily on all subreddits
it's one of the few SPACs i intend to hold.
CLANG CLANG CLANG GANG GANG
PLTR and Apple brought me great sadness
They should be broken up. Fuck’em
Same! Good job bro!!
I'm a video game developer, just post your idea here, you retard
[removed]
Really?  I was going to close it out.  Fingers crossed for big gainZ tomorrow 🚀
Yo if this were the Adam Sandler movie plot and he fucked Rob Schneider as if it were Drew Barrymore he’d win lifetime woke comedy achievement award
Heavens to murgatroyd the responses to this tweet are telling: https://twitter.com/sentimentrader/status/1344421028408262669

Some serious delusion among the bulls heading into the new year. When this crash comes it’s gonna be epic
This guy should be teaching feminist dance theory instead of finance
Yee
I’m a finance major, did well in micro & finance, but fuck Macro and Accounting.
Nice job bro
Last 3 episodes of season 2 best SW ever.
If you are down this year don't know what to tell you except you are bad at this.
I’m not a pro with computers but in order to do it in a real time manner the difficulty will be significant. If it’s programmable with entries tied to algorithms that can be tuned that might be easier.
too turnt
I can’t believe people have actual jobs. Like what the fuck
Ladies and gents— we call this paper hands.
off of a trendline. Lululemon appears like it is in a prime spot to bounce upwards based off basic technical analysis. That said, there is a double top, but it dates back to August's wild rally when everything was going nuts, and I don't think it's particularly significant. However if it was, in theory if lulu breaks significantly down, it would be bearish for LULU going forwards. Tomorrow could be an important day for LULU, but I think it bounces up.
Earliest option expiration is feb going to try to diamond hand my folio by working on my project cars I've neglected for some years. pltr pls be 50 when I come back
Oh boi I hope you’re right.

I hope the landlords bleed through their cock
Gonna need BA to run up in 2021, been holding shares too long
Save $$ while you are in your 20s after that is a downhill
I have a bunch of shares for a 10-15% swing play. Thanks for reinforcing my bias!
yea Ryan Cohen lmao
always watch TQQQ for bigger drops, SPXL if it drops big too..

Watch Tesla on any drops as you know premium is good there, watch amazon as you already do..


Watch Vix to buy puts or sell calls when it spikes up..

Watch SPX for reasons it is European options and can't even be assigned early!

also PYPL sometimes has ok premium if you sell at times of high volatility.. 

I'm currently selling puts on PLTR because even if it drops I know its just sniping/fake out/scares to get kids to lose money gambling on it .. etc..


in the future i'm looking at:

NVDA

WMT 

FB

DIS
you didnt know that when he was sticking it in your butt?
I know bonds are stupid rn, which is why I don’t believe we will crash until they aren’t.
Endless loop of buying, "refurbishing," and re-selling controllers. It's free money.

The kids are gonna smash so many computer when every game is streamed.
This is what I’m trying to figure out also.
I sit down to pee in my home to avoid splash damage. bite me
[Biggest win of the year? ](https://imgur.com/gallery/CQHPfvH)
You always buy the SQ dip. Always.
NY Times Square "CLOSED" to the Public for NEW YEAR'S EVE.

Happy Covid New Year!!!!

That is all.

Let the DUMPAGE Begin.
Michael Burry's behind it too, and Ryan Cohen
VR porn and sex robots


Puts on females yo. GG
yes but i would advise you do a credit check on your homie first
Subway is going to launch the Subway Play Fresh console.
Seeing how PLTR price shifts from green to red during every trading day, I’m starting to think that most people buy at open and decide to sell at close and repeat it every fucking day
It's easier to process a loss with other retards around me.
NIO calls. FOMO is coming back.
There are seminars? Where?

But yeah, I love how IB does it. I've traded with them for so long I've forgotten what margin call actually meant. In my mind it literally means they liquidate on your behalf. Haha
I have two long term plays going on rn:

BABA: Had bought September 285c before the drop, down $5000 on those

W: Had bought May 260c before it started falling in the last few days, down $5000 on those too 😕

Losing money on these long term plays. And left $35k on short term SQ calls by selling them too early yesterday! Seriously, what the hell!!!!!!
Should of changed salary to under 50,000
Stonks go up.
Never take your eyes off of that dog...
He will be gone.

Angry retards do stupid things.


Stay safe, brother!
Question..New to options...so are you going to exercise your right to buy your shares at the given price and then sell them? Or are you selling the contracts?
When tho?
They joined r/investing.   Now they are getting almost a solid 0.50% on their money via an Ally savings account!
if u dont have atleast 25k in ur account then wtf are u doing. how are u even paying bills
Great skis though
https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kn9ff4/melvin_capital_gme_hobags this will help
NY Times Square "CLOSED" to the Public for NEW YEAR'S EVE. 

That is all.

Let the DUMPAGE Begin.
Dude have you been time traveling too? I bought tsla 700calls 12/32 today. 30 mins before close.. because the future told me so. Either we are both onto something spiritually, or both traded
[deleted]
Look at my comment history and see how many times I’ve mentioned this ticker. Take your meds son.
fucking please
I just tried VR chat for the first time. We as a society are doomed
What sex lol
No it’s super gay
‘Perception’ lol, and the first sentence shows this is literally based on peoples opinions (aka its a fucking poll dude), who cares?
I genuinely understood maybe 10% of this at the absolute most what is wrong with me
Weird ass candle afterhours on LI that hit 29.72 at 5:30. Does option exercise show up as  something like that?
To be fair schools used to have stock market classes and now boomers have millions. It's kind of the reason millennials are poor not gunna lie.
Mods making broke people go all in to post gains. Nice
The main reason why it fell nearly 10% is because one of its top 5 holding (Arcturus) fell nearly 50% in one day
I refuse to be down for the year

Give me some 0dte plays to make my wife’s boyfriend jealous
Meh.  75% of those above US don’t have real problems, they’re not really in the world geopolitical economics just participants of it.  Corruption sucks but it’s easy to be an island no one cares about and “be the good guys”
I was thinking of buying shares. It's been down for what seems like all the days it has traded so far. It can't go down more, can it? Where's the bottom on this thing lmao?
LFG Grandma 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
It's gonna rocket tomorrow hold the line
But your 2k will be worth 1k while your 600 will be worth 500. 

50% loss vs 16% loss.
Less than 30k deposits, but 22k in gains? that’s way more than 34%
Yes but how would you post on WSB for internet points?
Surely you will lose enough on FDs that the overdraft fees are insignificant.
We are the music makers and we are the dreams of the dreams 

Cumalong x2
This fucking place cracks me up even on the days when my portfolio goes down 25%
I have 150k cash and another 100k in retirement
Really I care more about the bounce in my portfolio from 2k getting approved more than I do getting the check
Also when you sell the call at the higher price, are you purchasing shares or just doing a naked covered call?
The amount of confusion on this is crazy. This seems like something that would be known easily. Yet everywhere I look, a general consensus can't be made. It's either:

* Dec 29th, because it takes two days to settle orders

Or

* Dec 31st
[removed]
I SAID, DOES HE LOOK LIKE A 🌈🐻????
Amazon is 100% funneling all our money to China who is able to sell us shit dirt cheap (even with shipping overseas) because they exploit slave labor (their citizens) and owning our economy. I cant believe the US allows us to do business with an enslaved people....do t confuse China with Hong Kong. They are not the same and Hong Kong is protesting China as well
When I have this many options my portfolio isn’t supposed to be this flat, 10000% or send me to the shadow realm already, fuck.
R.I.P to whoever wrote the option. Pray to god it wasn't an naked call.
I can’t tell if you honestly assume we’re just gonna have pandemics every March or are you just a silly goose
Actually this is completely understandable. Don't beat yourself up about it. Pinterest is a massively ugly, nearly unusable and parasitic piece of shit of a site. I wouldn't expect someone who is somewhat internet-savvy like a WSBer likely is to have any faith in it. But somehow, it has a massive legion of ghost users who actually use it to buy products... Who would've guessed? 

I can think of 5-10 sites very similar that bombed and are now irrelevant. Pinterest is a bizarre success story
[removed]
Insert rockets here 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
[deleted]
Up your ass nerd
quites likely. ive got 1000 shares and 15 or so calls.  bought some 20ps incase of a steep decline to avg way down.
You’re JUST picking this up?
[removed]
[removed]
glad you liked it.
They’ll be announcing deliveries on Sunday or monday
Have we had a pro weigh in on GME? Why is it just us retards behind it?
What bounce?
You’re a shared tool
https://centerpointsecurities.com/short-squeezes/

Just read up on the mechanics required for a short squeeze, your ignorance shouldn’t be other people’s chores dingus
Why are you gey?
This meme cut deep.  I’ve been holding this garbage for like 2 years.
[deleted]
Don’t buy anything without your own conviction bro
Y'all really sleeping on GNOG 🎰🎰🎰.... DKNG market cap = 20B, PENN market cap = 14B.... GNOG market cap = 1.8B market cap....... GNOG is actually profitable raking in millions compared to DKNG... only a matter of time before 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
I can think of one 🐢 that disagrees
Guys it’s happening. See you on Tatooine. 🚀
[removed]
You know, I originally only wanted the 600, but now that you mention it 2000 would indeed be better.
Who cares. PEG is 1.5 with forward PE at 30. Who is going to manufacture all the chips for MSFT? The same company that manufactures all the chips for AMD and AAPL that’s who.
Honestly don’t know how you can have an entire textbook on that bs unless you plan on being a professional nerd later in life.
I’m home.
Personally I normally do. It costs more to buy ITM but lessens risk a lot. And when it works in your favour it really pays off.
Damn. Like a week or so ago I was giving up hope for TSLA 700 by EOY. 1 more day baby let's goooo
But who’s gonna pay for the Lambos?!??
Lol fr
#NIO GANG. EAT HEARTY! FOR TOMORROW WE DINE...AT WENDYS! 🚀
Shut up baby dick
Well I'm not closing mine if that helps
Nice job retard
[deleted]
I usually aim for two weeks out. Kind of looking to diversify now that amazon has run up. Any Tucker’s you recommend looking at?
I like that we are actually heading somewhere with the story, but feeling serious blue balls with the bombshells they dropped in the last episode & they are like lmao tell you more in a year...
I have yet to buy GME. Just can’t get myself to buy it. Convince me to buy.
Gotta be a minority of people who actually understand this and that we ain’t getting tax refunds in 2021 or 2022
Yessir. I’ve backtraded feb and March 2020 so many times on TDA I’m hella ready for another panic 😈

I mean honestly I’ll just buy a bunch of leaps in Tesla or something lol
Somebody is going to steal that dog.

WSB retards are vengeful!
Imagine gifting someone wish stock lol.
Correction u gay
Yes
One more day! Close out strong and you fucking owned 2020! Congratulations bro
Not if the removal of section 230 is tied to it.
God stonk pays no mind to silly things such as reason.
shhhhh, you'll scare it more red. it's shy just give it time
Marry for taxes, stay for the sex
[deleted]
What about those Asian countries that have fist fights in parliament?
Adam Sandler movie... pretty sure
Bad meme, this guy actually died.
Your post has been removed because a single link is insufficient DD. Please review the following links before resubmitting.

Please note that abusing DD flair can lead to getting banned.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

[How to conduct DD](https://www.wallstreetoasis.com/forums/on-the-job-with-simple-as-my-research-process)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Yeah, sorry about that
[Dr PP is on board.](https://twitter.com/ParikPatelCFA/status/1344419300556337159?s=20)
I’ll do it on January 1st so that I can try to PDT unrestrict my bank’s overdraft fee forgiveness
[deleted]
update #2 on my landlord leasing me an apartment he doesnt have the legal rights to...

he asked me to pay the new landlord rent + deposit ($4700) THEN he will refund me the money i've already paid ($4700)... uhh yeah that's gonna be a no from me dog

my soon to be landlord (hopefully) hasn't responded to any new texts or emails. she's on vacation. i think there's a 5% chance i'm kicked out on the 1st, 70% chance this works itself out, 25% chance i'm a squatter for january
Free drops
Only if newbs FOMO and create theta. Let the MMs squeeze em...
Did you forget the consoles? Highest ps sales ever
Jesus, it’s like all the boomers have a fucking God complex.
Bro if you can’t take the time to workout. You aren’t gonna take the time to mold and create a lasting relationship. No offense to you. If you are young fuck it go for it can’t hurt. You should date a ton, try different stuff. People get into the first relationship and assume that’s what they like but shit the second could be incredible and you’d never know

I’m not the one downvoting you either lol. Bunch of sassy mofos in here
Choo choo!
Season one was boring as fuck, season two is got a kinda cool western vibe. Still not good enough to stop me from canceling my disney+ subscription though.
Yeah but who’s paying you to say that
TL;DR - Yield curve is being manipulated right now by the Fed to make bonds about the most unattractive they will be in our life times regardless of where on the curve.
I feel the same way but I don’t want my risky shit to take away from the gravy train that is...
JD $87.5c 1/15
Yeah she's a really smart and ambitious woman but dude I need plays
[deleted]
You’re correct
They encourage it because it makes them money no matter what.....evil, but obviously doing calls.  Because the profit they get from it with far outweigh the fine if they get caught
Retard Take Honestly
It’s not that I don’t wanna work out, it’s just I’d rather not take the time, maybe it’s what I need. 🤝
can you marry your homie strictly for tax benefit purposes?
$1000 for every girl you’ve slept with
[deleted]
I have 50k
You might be onto something, gambling on this shit is the only thing that makes me feel alive right now.
It’s not that I don’t wanna work out, it’s just I’d rather not take the time, maybe it’s what I need. 🤝
I'm not in GME but I'm watching you guys with immense interest. 

If WSB saves Gamestop it should be in every investing and finance text book for the next generation.
Collecting .01 every month baby
No way i would have held that shit stock for several months. Its not in my strategy so no regrets. Fuck mrna
i hope so
Praying for you homie I sold my calls today I believe tho you got this
Sorry bb
down vote. you got me all excited
Funny how you can get upvotes for that moronic shit. Amazing how wsb turned into a bunch of pre teens with $2k accounts lmao.
**I am a bot. Is this submission violating the [content guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/contentguide)? Vote below.**

| **Remove It** | **Keep It** |
|--------|:-------|-------:|:------:|
| [Click to Vote](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=knfc4q&message=spam) | [Click to Vote](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=knfc4q&message=approve)|

[Click Here to Change Inaccurate Post Flair](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=postflair%20CHANGEME&message=knfc4q)
___
 ^comment ^will ^disappear ^--- ^23 ^shitposts ^removed ^since ^last ^crash ^--- ^[information](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/votebot) ^--- ^[leaderboard](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/leaderboard) ^--- ^[REWARDS](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/votebot_commands)
Why?
If this supposed EOY pullback happens tomorrow, my whole Roth IRA is going towards GME shares fuck it🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
[deleted]
Gainz!!
Why'd you have to gut punch me like that, OP?
Come back tomorrow
/r/politically_nsfw if you're desperate enough
lulu is ready to majorly bounce, calls

https://finviz.com/quote.ashx?t=LULU

^#BECKYSTRONG
RemindMe! 2 months
Hey, big head
https://vm.tiktok.com/ZMJtukUn7/

Boomers have no chill 😂
Cathie I would
You mean I won't make a weekly 10 bagger doing theta gang? Pass. All in on SPY $400c 12/31
Lmao i was going to say it ...my  ETF’s returned 34% this year
Biden included that $10k of loans are wiped out, no?
Always
I actually think it’ll happen within the next year or two. Expensive housing in big cities won’t recover anytime soon. Big owners of expensive properties are gonna get fucked big time.
this is front page material. screen shot please

&#x200B;

BABA GANGGGG
LATIN SEXY WOMEN 🥵🥵🥵🥵
Would rather have 2k than 600. Anyone else agree?
If you asking reddit autists, then either you don't have enough or you want to show off you're rich
Cash secured puts are bullish/neutral sentiment. Damn fine alternative to buying a call. Unless you're a poor...

Stop being poor.
Why wouldn't they close & why is it meant to be a bad day do you have a crystal ball? :P
Hang Seng up 2.2% lmao
Maybe this will make up for for my PFE options that fell off a cliff after vaccine approval! Holding   Vtrs shares for the long haul.
I have an idea for a 3D options visualizer, if you have some programming knowledge like Matlab (all I’m familiar with), or are really good at Excel, message me and I’d like to see how difficult what I’m thinking about would be and if it would be at all helpful.
Fuck off u piece of shit pumping
🤣🤣🤣🤣

r/rareinsults
Gotta have at least 100k
Hope it turns fam.
Now this is a walltstreetbet.
Bro this strip club has terrible reviews
[deleted]
I mean, that's not specifically available
ar eyou really a man?
Mitch the type after lying to his nephew about the zoo to tell him to short pltr and gme.
Expecting SPY to be flat and theta burn until January 6th.   Then we fly ...
Short Tesla? Got it.
Wrong sub
Cathie is that you?
Realistically. Around 100k.
Thank you! So would a debt spread be the exact opposite?
atleast 5000..or saving atleast 1k every year you have worked
Should have bought SQ calls yesterday. Missed out on the bug rally today 😕😕
When you can afford to hire Wharton grads why wouldn't you.  People who understand precisely the difference between market risk and portfolio risk.
Lol bro toss that shit in the RH account pussy
Six months of bills
Just be right, I all in’d shares at $685
It’s all worth it when they double or triple up when it finally happens.
AOC Thighs 👀
🤮
Go look at the open interest on the 30c.  Who do you think wrote 95% of those?
imagine not investing in alternative stores of value during a time on unprecedented monetary policy and quantitative easing 😂
My bank is telling me direct deposit doesn’t hit until January 4th. Should I play overdraft fee roulette and transfer it to my RH early?
Yeah. And Kcac now QS is like 14% and I bought that shit at $14 and sold at $130 a month later. 

Get the fuck out of here with trying to justify your Idiocracy. I get it, you can’t help it. 

Remember me in a couple years when Paysafe is trading over $200. I’ll be that guy buying another beach home on it.
New season of Vikings on Prime Video! Goodbye everyone!
JD
May I have some fuck you money to put into legit plays, im up hugely this year on smart plays
Well you should work out anyways. Can’t ever hurt to try a relationship tho. Just don’t get crazily attached right away lol
[removed]
Good job bb
What the fuck are you talking about?
Positions or ban
Is baba gonna be good tomororw?:(
I need to better understand the yield curve. Yada yada interest rates is basically all I’ve gathered through college. Macro is hard. 😢
Ugh sorry first post here and my Reddit client doesn’t support that.
Playing my second option, 1-8 call GM 42.50
You have a point but if the money continues to come in, you’ll be on the wrong side of this trade.
Bro if you havent hit a milly by 21 what tf are you even doing with your life
💎👐
Weird flex
wheres that at?
We are here lurking.  The rotation has not fully begun.  In Vito we trust.
[deleted]
Saw this before I kept scrolling... didnt get it.. Came back to tell others... yep. Its live here tonight.
Huge fan of this guys work.
Down 32%...it hurts to live
U ded
nice! which clang you clanging
I'm also high as balls so don't listen to me
Same gigantic Chinese hotel/restaurant print at every one...
I asked The eight ball it said buy puts
This his the way
The only thing I’ve got is like a foot in height difference
50g’s
Pltr has higher IV. Gets me 1k per week on 1k shares.
You will still make it 👍🏼
Just me or have things get a little weird all of a sudden
Right! The shorts are absolutely fucked.  They’re doing everything they can to drive the price down and scare away the paper hands. We will 100% win this war. 💎🙌🚀🚀🌔
$69
TAIWAN NUMBA ONE
>  Look at the historical interest rates at IBKR ([https://iborrowdesk.com/report/GME](https://iborrowdesk.com/report/GME)) during the proxy recall this Spring as a proof point. 

Can someone explain this chart to me?

Thanks!
Stop pumping this piece of shit
Gladiator?
ban
I mean we can say we want to fuk our president in the asshole and he’d laugh... we lit
[deleted]
[removed]
The only kind of "tax break" brotha hahaha FML
A lotta OI on the 1/15/21 20c....
Guess who learned 9 strange things that millionaires do with their money??
Stop rereading your comments then bro 😎
Whats your break even price ?
Market closed tmrw
moff gideon is CEO of citron
NIO tmrw 🤑🤑🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
This his the way
[deleted]
Never gets old.  Or, YOLO everything what do I know.
Wish? hahah
CSPs are great but too slow in terms of gains for my degenerate brain. I love the feeling of potentially losing it all. Might revert to some CSPs once I reclaim my remaining 59k back
$GLD $SLV
I think amazon sellers are creating fake products with "defects" while selling others that doesn't have the "defect" too many items are similar and they are literally the same thing except the name or brand lol idk if Amazon is doing this shit to make us spend more money but it's too weird. puts on amazon fuck them
Got it at 37!! But yes I am retarded; may try to just sell the win at open tomorrow.
So I assume you ended up sucking you gf fake
 dick
Tesla Ganggggggg
[removed]
Bro how’d you figure out?
Ok I’m ngl I’m a petite woman kinda guy but those girls with big asses and a petite upper body have me in awwwwww
Unless your Grandma is Cathie Woods IDGAF
Good point
They were suggesting that it would quadruple his production capacity instantly, and it would be so cheap that he wouldn't even need Tesla board approval to do it. I'm with you though, not worth the effort. I was just curious if anyone else had heard it, because I hadn't.
Not when you pay somebody to stay off that list
Congrats!! Feels good to finally be up all time lmao
knowing what an iron condor is without looking it up puts you in the top 5% smartest of the sub without a doubt
Dude what is up with this thread and dudes needing to jack off a 19 year old Taiwanese girl with AOC thighs sitting in a chair with a doctors coat on. Just don't say the bad part aloud.
[deleted]
Bet your husband is happy
Where are the puts the other guy asked you to place
How about the one where you flair your post. :(
[removed]
Fuck you
Really good
This guy not even real
when i hear him talk i think of graham stephan 

tries to sound articulate but really says a bunch of nothing
Sometimes my Robinhood shows all my losses i had today as gains lmfaooo
I bought it a $420.69 after the split!
Starting the social dilemma 👀
Lambos
This is exactly why GME short squeeze is not happening. People buy GME in regular trading accounts. You must prefer buying in IRAs. Or in nin-margin accounts
On anything, bullish as fuck....
Wur dat from
[removed]
Bowtie gang 😤
Ban
Got it at like 37!!!
gold finally waking up? dollar kinda drillin too
That’s fair, the liquid part might come more into play after hours, I spaced out on that part of the seminar. My friend who has experienced this happening gave me the randomly swinging axe metaphor lol.

As long as anyone signing up understands that once the call happens they have zero input or ability to undo what happens they’ll be “safe” I just have heard of people expecting a regular margin call and being very angry when they learn IB is different,
Aaay waterboy!
[removed]
Not bad.
Way to be bear retards and ruin tendies for the rest of people up 6% today retards🚀🚀🚀🔥🔥
$490b market cap? Isn't that more than Taiwan's entire GDP?
Marianne Williamson
1.) "volatility is bad" its only the most important thing to a trader but ok.

2.) kid threw himself in front of a train instead of asking literally anyone on the internet what was going on? he had bigger mental issues than RH.

3.) RH sells user data, who cares?

4.) If those other companies gave a shit about their customers then RH wouldnt have the best UI when these guys have been fleecing their customers for 20+ years.
Bro she will resent you faster than you can say idk any word. Specially if your ass is enjoying a dope video game having a beer and she’s going to the gym

Unless she’s cool but personal trainers not your average gym goer
Honestly I feel its gonna be a bumpy rode for PLTR until they can really become a commercial success and not just do work for governments. So I dont plan to invest anymore in it. I like maximg out my positions around 2k anyways.

But no matter what I dont think this bitch is ever gonna come close to $17 again. That call will never be as cheap as when I bought it, plus I got nearly a year of pumps and dumps to be patient through.
Are you holding Wish ? 🤡
TD Ameritrade / Thinkorswim.

All the benefits of a “free” broker, but a toolset that semi-pros and pros use for trading for when you get there.
[deleted]
Reddit is full of people like this. Just lurk on any of the hobby subreddits and you will see. /r/malelivingspace, /r/battlestations are the first 2 thst come to mind. Fucking nerds have too much money.
[removed]
Why would you get a fubo put when it already dropped so much?
Somewhat more cringe but still good. Main antagonist looks like someone who would short GME
He underestimated the elon horde
Yeah prob better tbh!
Gave me nostalgia back to football practice, suffer in the hot portapotty with full pads on or risk shitting myself at the next tackle.
This his the way
Yea but they are greedy. Lucky enuff
Not a chubby guy so maybe I’m out?
COOM
[removed]
Delete this
Hahaha 😝 

And wait chill that my dude heheheh
You sound like you wheel Ford
Bryce Dallas Howard sucks as directing otherwise it’s alright
What time does After Hours market close tomorrow?
With remote work, Oklahoma can do your job....
Bro thats legit do work king!
[deleted]
ICLN
Their earnings are going to be another disappointment. Like the last 5 years of earnings reports
LFG 🐊🐊🐊🐊🐊🐊🐊🐊🐊🐊🐊🐊
I wonder if that’s what not trading options is like
Well dad, if you gave me the validation I needed as a child, I wouldn't be seeking it from a bunch of degenerate gamblers.
Bitch I need to see dame in Portland I don’t have time for another March and if it happens it’s calculated as fuk
Congrats bro.
[deleted]
Second 8.7/10 first one 8.6/10
[deleted]
Happy New Years!
I actually think suburban locations outside large locations will experience the highest growth in wealth

I also think that within 3-5 years that housing within inner city locations and rural location will be fucked by the advent of self driving tech.


This relates to transit times and disruption to the transit industry.

This is all highly speculative but I think City scapes and the foundation of living situations will be irreversibly changed by self driving once achieved.
Just ride his pumps and dump on the next guy
Five comments in and I’m the first to say BAN? Disappointed.
Repeat after me:

I am
Nice job man
I personally buy relatively OTM. Be careful to watch the breakeven price though, the premiums are so high that it the percent gains needed to break even at expiry is far higher then the strike price.
So far so good
The latter half of s2 was really good. Actually had some plot development unlike s1 which just felt like a bunch of random episodes of mando fucking shit up to save le bb yoda
Just keep trying. Also add more games to your cart while you're at it.
GLD gang
Father to a murdered son,

Husband to a murdered wife, 

And I will have my vengeance, in this life or the next.
So we’re gonna be red tommorow?
I’m dead in the water. Add this YOLO to the WSB wall of shame 😢
Classic
S2 better. Enjoy 😊
So then put spreads it is!
We need more DUMMY THICCCC PAAG in America
MY ESLA
[deleted]
Oh my.....
If you don’t have TSM leaps then you hate money
Gotta say as much of a whiny little bitch you sound and are. I’ve seen the same thing. People hella misusing DD. I don’t give a fuck how popular any meme stock is label that shit a shitpost you’re not funny. Shit isn’t DD
Buddy just hmu to go out and party. I SAID FUCK THAT SHIT IM GETTING FUCKED UP W RETARDS INSTEAD.
They low-key have a chubby fetish prolly
I’m sorry but I’m in damnit
Buy in IRA accounts only
dude fucking dying here
[deleted]
I’m in it too smh
[removed]
yeah the jan calls are before the tech demo like wtf
Better imho
For real. Im happy when my one call option (which I paid $250 for) is up by $100
They fuck you in the ass
Son of Gloin,
It's sitting at -1 dollars. I thought therefore this post belonged in WSB. Loss porn?
Subscribe to my dad's Onlyfans and I will have enough
I see your Mitch McConnell face tattoo and raise you a Mitch McConnell tattoo on your face...
>max loss  
  

 Ok that’s too much for me
[removed]
Probably like 400 bucks, assuming a 3% div which is pretty standard for the types of stocks they’re recommending over there. Good for him but wtf, I spent that at the grocery store this week
Yes
You can do iiiit!!
Hun got an essential oil?
I can't find good ones on apple, the computers seem to price it in on apple really good.. so probably forget apple unless you sell puts out for like 50+ days
This his the way
I’m home.
https://twitter.com/FirstSquawk/status/1344448735879680000?s=19

>CHINA (DEC) MANUFACTURING PMI ACTUAL: 51.9 VS 52.1 PREVIOUS; EST. 52.0

Oh my gosh CHINA MISSED AN ECONOMIC DATA METRIC.

WEE WOO WEE WOO
Fuck off ya downvoting broke bear bitch ✌️
That dog sucks, I can tell just by looking at him. Frenchies are retards
JD at the table too baby
I really like the chatroom function.. ASL anyone out there wanna cyber?
I think housing in cities will collapse. Business that can’t pay their rent, expensive apartments that no longer have tenants, etc. 

Family housing will be fine.
Janet Reno
Hot take you’re Fuking dumb
He says he'll put 5 to 10k into his account, he didn't say if there was anything in there yet
POGGG
[removed]
Get this trash outta here.
rate Mandalorian s2 compared to s1. About to start watching it
Then you probably should. I think the knee jerk reaction is to say don’t do it, that’s crazy. But the reality is many of those people invest a little on margin, and this is far safer. You have an ultra low interest rate, a very extended payback period, the interest you do pay is tax deductible, and the possibility of someone else paying it off. 

I took out student loans back in my day and it worked out great, no regrets. In fact I’m still making payments on that loan 20 years later, but it’s a tiny payment at a tiny rate and there’s been no reason to pay it off early. 

The only thing I’d say is if you do that, I don’t know about Nio as that seems like a pretty speculative play for a margined investment. Why not something like leaps on Amazon?
I’ll never pay for only fans — I ain’t no beta like Tren
Noh Wei
liz cheney
Trending on LinkedIn: *Millennials poised to remake investing*
🚀🌝🚀🌝🚀🌝🚀
[deleted]
I'm up ~40$.. am I you?
I've been moving into cash secured puts lately.  Return is smaller, but they feel safer and have a much deeper break even.  

I will watch your career with great interest.
[removed]
"You thinking what I'm thinking?"
Melvin capital shill. BAN.

🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🛰️🛰️🛰️🛸🛸🛸🌛🌛🌛
Embrace monke, retard 🍌
GGAAATTTOOORRAAADDDEEE
In for 1/4 of my porftolio (retard portfolio)
Did anyone else's RH 1d chart change? Mine was down 4% or so when I last checked it and now I'm up 2%? Wot
Had the exact same interaction with GameStop website except it was the Irish website so I could buy the brother a Nintendo switch gift card. What a fucking numpty whoever designed the Irish website, barely anything worked.
fuck that jigga
Username checks out
[deleted]
me too.

dad's still getting those ciggies from the cornerstore. cant wait for him to come back and see my EKG of a portfolio
F
We're gonna need a screen shot, and also, this is the kind of dumbassery I come here for.
baba
[deleted]
SQUARE !!!
[deleted]
IPOC will moon
This could actually be true which is crazy af
[removed]
Yes
Been holding this since $16 September.  💎✋
I tattooed "patience" on my arm as a constant reminder. 🤪
[deleted]
I know which ones but I’m not telling you
Anyone dating a personal trainer? What’s the vibe if you aren’t a gym goer?
Fuck yeh bro 

Fist on chest no fear 


Point your cock to the sky and just buy baby 

Water Mellon sugar hi 🙋‍♂️
Holla for a dolla
Hey bud, thanks for your kind insight on the matter. I'd say seeing it's WSB, I'll start with $1 and work from there. 

Just kidding. It'll be 5-10k. I have to wait for my payout after the bank holidays (5th Jan). I'll post updates accordingly monthly, if I don't just give up and become addicted to meth
Spacex
True sign of new money garbage, not taking adequate care of the help.
GLD FTW
Gimli, is that you?
and cooming
[deleted]
[deleted]
I think the only thing that will fist this market will be a housing collapse, which is a win win for millennials who are trying to enter the market.

I actually think it’ll be technological innovation and disruptive industries in labor and housing production that will do the most damage.
Puts are a hellvah drug...
This dude fucks (dudes)
Pltr
Because selling puts on dips to autists is actually a pretty smart #thetagang move.

If you're asking about the odd strikes, that's because they did cash distributions.
[removed]
Bullshit
Can you read?
[deleted]
[deleted]
LGVW/BFLY
This is the (right) way!
It seems to be flagging at the moment so could have a big jump tomorrow.
Uggh tulsi/AOC
Mother. Of. Autism.
They announcing 420m contract with Tesla over the weekend
It should. especially with console earnings.
You need another bf?
Comment
Congrats
Nothing like that slanted puss puss...
Either im really smart or im really autistic
I’d be more worried with my shares if there WASNT a pullback.
New EV on the market. Check out TSLA. Lots of potential I think 🚀🚀🚀
AOL
[deleted]
[removed]
Reporting for duty
[removed]
Hong Kong gentleman’s club $500 LOL 

PH subscription LOL but same
What a discussion
Escorts u stupid fuck 

Stop paying for only fans 

Montreal Canada has some beautiful woman of the night
i mean good luck but like... why???
Wow! Hope it works out in your favor. I wouldn’t be able to sleep tonight lol
Why should they close tomorrow ? That´s the question. I have a position, but tomorrow ain´t supposed to be a good day for GME
https://youtu.be/eEa3vDXatXg
So you sold thinking this may not happen huh? How do you know you sold them to me?
I’ve jinxed myself in stocks countless times. My portfolio always has a group of of .01$ options to prove it.
Looks like you've got the same level of returns as you would if you were in a Nasdaq ETF lmao
Ban
"Baba tanks as Jack Ma pleads for the safety of his anus to local authorities"
Fyi retards make the best strongmen 

"ME SMASH YOU"
case closed
Underrated comment
Yea but what're you starting with? Just that 5 to 10k?
yea obv china is to blame partially. but us fucked up big time. pandemics are a part of human history and will be apart of our future. there needed to be a plan in place and there wasnt.
[deleted]
💎🖐🤚 rise up!
In Chamath we trust? Or fuck that nigga?
Yup all cash, truly a  degenerate , I know
No.
RIP
TSLA
This dude is the worst.
YOLO
PLTR 🚀🚀
[removed]
YOLO
Ha imagine living overseas and being just miserable no matter what in a constant state of anxiety 1130 pm to 6 am.
Okay, true. 😂😂😂
i make so much more just selling covered calls.
Your brains are complete bullshit.
I hope so 🤑
i thought you had to be robinhood gold to do margin there…
U can use my cock and I can use your asshole bro 😎 

No homo 

Just know your getting fucked by a winner ok 

I don’t qualify for stimulus checks because I got a uselful degree 📜
Probably didn't exist bro. Can you find 2022 leaps for TSLA 5000? I don't think so lol.
OnlyFans but for politicians , I need me some AOC NOW
Sne.
Whoever downvoted this lost so much money their soul went with it
Doesn’t matter. TSLA is going to be the most highly valued company in the world for no reason.
RIP
It cracks $30 EZ by April. The pop on earnings is going to be massive.
GME
I think I will get some depending on how January goes
My wife has had to watch people die alone without their family because of the rona. I love a good joke and have joked about the rona too. People have different ways of dealing with real issues.
You buy options with strike price close to current price or you go out a bit?
I just found out my bf is gay.
Better find digital labor then...
I actually think I may have sold them to you as part of my spread. GL to both of us.
Those calls should be well ITM when they expire
I just tested positive and only had a few coughs and headaches.
What is ten bagger and how do
# What will be the strongest growth companies of 2021?

Discuss
i mean RIOT was up 10% at close
It's great to have an opinion and all; but you're wrong.

&#x200B;

I jest. Honestly the DD on the company seems to have a solid backing into why it will hit the prices most people here think it will. Short term I would have imagined on the low end it hitting around 30-34 and on the high end hitting around 45-49.

&#x200B;

This would be without the following:

Ryan Cohen taking significant interest in the company and using his bullish head to push management into a better more profitable company.

stock being shorted straight to hell, while I think most of the shorters will be able to keep paying the interest, eventually they will want to stop. I would imagine if the price gets too crazy it will be a race for the shorters to dump them as soon as possible.

Their last ER was actually better than expected and even in the report while they didnt lay out a specific groundwork, they clearly know what the issue is (it's a matter of knowing how to address the issue going forward).

You can look back at most years and see the stock increase generally within 1 year of console release q4 earning.

&#x200B;

But who the fuck am i? Just a complete retard.

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

On the mighty bearish/gay hand all I could imagine is RC after 6 months dumps his stocks for a measly gain.

The company some how explodes and kills all of the management, and for some reason all the money was sitting in the office burning.

Everyone who has invested decides to set their sell at 12.

&#x200B;

But actually please do provide some bearish reasons it wont increase past 25 and I would be happy to listen.
10 12/31 FB 275c (0.7 each, down on them).

2 12/31 AMZN 3295c (12.00 each, currently down).

Made $10,000 Monday on AMZN weeklies (sold them).  Bought one Tuesday night and sold it yesterday for another $1,200.   Basically in AMZN again for another 2 or 3 bagger...  But looks like it might be pretty flat tomorrow..

Greed is a mother!! Chasing gains.  Just need $4,000 to FINALLY get back to even for the year. Hoping to do it on the last day of the year hence the big gamble.

Have been a lot smarter in plays lately so have been slowly grinding back.  This is purely casino thinking here
OP just said he might exercise but I guess you know OP better.
Demonios! Noob question. When your contract becomes deep ITM isn’t it better to roll over, sell your position and buy another one OTM for greater returns?
Been doing the same thing on amazon, pretty easy money. Been thinking about trying out Apple aswell.

I don’t know why more people don’t just do credit spreads it’s an easy 10% minimum a week
Imagine putting $52,614 into BABA 240 calls expiring tomorrow.  Yeah I did it. 🤡.

Can’t go tits up.
Get that mouse wheel smokin!
WSB hyping it
This thread lookin nasty tonight
Yum
Hell yeah shave that pinker stinker and let’s party man !!

WE so close spy$ all time fucken high 

WE ARE LIVING IN FUCKEN HISTORY !!!

AND WE WILL GET TO RIDE THE MASSIVE GREEN COCK UP !!!

Spy 500$ 2022 leaps
Yeah...but part of the benefit of cash secured puts is it enforces retards to size their positions somewhat appropriately.
I gotta say US politics give us the best drama
Also pretty sure Ironyman had to pay back some of his fuck up. I mean one that big... yeah hes probably still recovering and Has no time for wsb
See you beauties in the am
I can answer that.  According to daddy gubment, one payment of 600$.  

So he is right on it.
This is embarrassing
Turtle beaches suck harder than a Wendy’s lot lizard.
Shill. GME to the moon 🚀
Fuck boys my stimmy came thru. Just hit the account check it out [proof](https://ibb.co/rHb4fmN)

Bless up 🙏🙏😫
🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
they wont even buy stripe. there ceo said that, at the end they will buy subway lol
Lol...I know. It's one of the reasons I browse the sub. Sometimes there's good advice, but I mostly do it for the memes. 

I still stand by my statement though. I always consider the long term outlook even for short term plays. You're playing with fire when you invest in a company like GME even for the short term. Not something I have the balls to do.
SHUTCHOOO
Going a bit further.... 11,195 shares of $AGNC or 174,642 in dollar value is the equivalent of working at McDonalds for 2080 hours a year. For 7.75 an hour.
Celsius after hours 🤑🤑
Inflation
Sounds like your local economy is booming to me
*kills BABA*
[removed]
***the knock on would in this comment is very underrated***
Was looking at it last night and this morning. Didn't pull the trigger but seems like a good play.
They also do R&D in quantum computing with their sycamore qprocessor (54 qbits). Quite interesting research with their Science paper on performing a functional task - albeit a relatively easy one - the computation of a diazene molecule.
No.net
I’m sure one of your homies will help you out
Nah whenever I see shit like this I know it wont happen to me cuz I usually just sell at the first 200-300%. Let alone fucking 6,300%.

Zero diamond hands.
$500 gain porn. Cute.
Got in AM with 700 call expiring tomorrow for $87.  Sold at $138 and thought I was bad ass.  Only for it to be worth $500 at end of day.  Im fucking retard
So your entire account is cash?  That would do it.  Most of my similar sized account is other stocks and options. Then I have about $12k for collateral.
Just put away laundry and tidied up. 
I miss my maid.
She got deported last year. 

Her daughter tried to take over, then covid hit and I ran out of excuses for not doing this domestic shit myself.  I have ALL the time now. 

Miss the way she folded my underwear. 

Fucking sad bros.
HOT TAKE: 

we will see a more violent March 2021 than March 2020. More volatility.
I laughed so hard at this the neighbors dog started barking at me
Im glad none of my friends are into stocks/trading.  Its kind of like my little secret.
Trump doesn’t actually want $2k checks. He just wants credit for wanting them. He’s the leader of the party. It’s his own party blocking it. If he wanted it done it would have gotten done. He’s at the golf course right now and his lead negotiator Munchin just flew to Cabo in his private jet to go to his beach house. He’s not negotiating from Cabo. This is all theater.
She just so bitchy
How much is there advertising business worth?
[deleted]
was thinking ARKG, Don’t mind the wait but sure it will get back in the mid or beginning 100’s.
Stonks go up, bears go down
Eh, we'll see.  I do think Cohen is super solid.  We'll hear more at some point, and I fully expect it to be pretty ragingly bullish for a lot of people... and will probably turn the street quite a bit more optimistic on GWE.

So, yeah, I'm still gonna take a flyer on this for a while yet.
Facebook.com
but their pussy smells like Koy fish 😷🤒
This is why I thank god I’m married to one lol
yeh in the end they will buy subway as all the other good picks have vanished
I hear nothin but straight fax ong ❗💯🔥🚀🚀🚀
[removed]
Go to a pool lol
? What's your point. It sold off more than the ipo was worth. Fuck ANT, fuck Chinese regulators. Still going to 300$
this is the way
I had some fun money and bought a 2/19 75c today. If it’s in the 50s next week that’d be cool.
On what catalyst
86.442% of all statistics are made up
Fuck NYE let’s get drunk tonight
oops
Well then i hope it flies sooner. Im holding July spreads, so idc when it happens
Times are tough around here. Wendy's had to get a second dumpster for all the crack whores.
On a serious note, does anyone believe PLTR does not generate value in analytics or AI? Is this a good long term investment?
Hope you are not deleting storytime flair, just forgot to add it to this graph
[removed]
Yea, it's just nonsense to make people feel better after the fact. Xi could have dropped an outline of the exact mortal and economic costs and I'm sure nothing would have been different
Oh fuck yeah. I doubt it though.
Stop
Nah
https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kneyb6/26k_in_a_month_doing_put_credit_spreads_on_nvda/ghk2skk
You might want me to die if you find out that I was the one who sold some to you lmao
[deleted]
I dunno. There was near universal praise from some of the smartest people on earth. But maybe the at-home folding community which you link to and were likely made obsolete by this, are the ones who are right.
I’m detrimentally horny — I can’t even masturbate I need some WET WET
Digital currency*
The DD is just the final few strokes of the handjob needed to push it’s OP to completion.
Technically a better return than the people blowing up their accounts on options. But what’s more fun lol
So is XL dead cat ah or is it revive?? Find out tomorrow on another game of watch me lose money
Ban
Or it was a shitty joke🤷🏻‍♂️
LOCAL VIRGIN HAS SENSITIVE EARS.  🦻
Fucking sell it dude, seriously? How did you not already
It will $SLV
It's not necessarily the most liquid position, i think they also liquidate as some complex function of VaR a given position is adding to your portfolio.

Source: I got partially trimmed on a position because I blew my limit, but they liquidated the most volatile stock I owned, not one of the more stable stocks which I had larger positions in.

But yeah, I'm not 100% sure how they parameterize it.
Nothing makes sense these days so there’s multi billions flowing into digital money 😂
i thought this was remy with the water brand last name 👀
But I have 1/15 calls !!
Seems as if we all have voices
Yang is based but coconut milk mommy is a literal brainlet
This doesn't actually apply here, I thought he bought this March of 2020. since he bought it over a year ago it's actually long-term capital gains now.

There are two factors that can have huge tax implications for this sale. The first would be if it would be better to take the profit in 2020 or 2021, if they have not made a lot of profit in 2020 then taking the profit this year might be very beneficial the next year. you can calculate what tax bracket this money will be qualified under for this year and you can guess at which tax bracket it would fall under for next year.

That is if this is a short-term capital gains. Now you may be looking this and say absolutely this is short-term capital games, and there's no way to convert this to long-term capital gains. But I think there is a very good way to convert this to long-term capital gains, if you sell the same security and buy the same security, it doesn't necessarily have to be the same options contracts exactly, if you do that sale and purchased in the same month, it can be counted like one continuous purchase. If early next year you sold the security and then bought one a year farther out, I believe, even if you hedged that by selling a call of a similar but not exactly the same position, this could extend your purchase length out longer than one year and convert this to a long-term capital gains.

This may save you 20% or more on this tax bill.

https://finance.zacks.com/tax-implications-multiple-buying-selling-same-stock-7516.html
I want to hate fuck some slim thicc Asian bitch FUCK
Sold my BIDU calls for a few hundred dollars around open. Would have been a BAGGGGER. Green cest green tho
well I ain't gonna type up a 3-page essay, so what can we use? i'll Pm you.. we want to leave WSB out of this. This is grown-up talk about ThetaGang 4 life stuff.. 

So no WSB pump and dump kids or yolo-ing calls into the dumbest shit stocks I've seen in awhile..
I fucking hope so, I sold 12/31/20 $700 covered calls this morning.
Yayyy 👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽🤪
Good for you
I’m not all I’m but a single 120(117.96) 3/19 cost me 1600 a few weeks back
[removed]
Bruh I was sweating at a couple points. Damn close.
Not at all, if it gets forgiven by biden
Why you hate her?
Bro real men make guys with jar up his ass and breaks glass and he bleeds video go viral 

It’s either that or narco shit

Don’t be scared of lady boies !!!

Just don’t look at the PP and a hole is a hole man!!!
And it was just as silly back then. $1000/sh makes it a trillion dollar company that still struggles to break even every quarter with revenues in the 30b range. ⏰💣
i will fucking buy this i'm not even joking cunt. i'll give you my 25 PLTR @ 14 shares.... i'll give you 2 of the shares. 1, deal?
What happens when you cut off supply and throw money at the demand side? Like with this Stimmy and all the shops being shut.
I would lovingly hate fuck her
This way
Which one of their ETFs? 

ITM is probably better too
Same
Implied volatility
5k min for sure. Even if a person posted they are entering a position with 2.5k, it's like "yeah, so fuckin what?" But to try and flex 2.5k as a gain?? No. Just, no.
Yes.
[removed]
Ban
Half appl half tsla for the real gains
Theta gang subreddit does not believe in yeeting your entire account into every trade, it's stupid/risky enough that it belongs here
[removed]
positions or ban
Did you know in Germany, it's expected for men to sit down to pee?
Well it got close a few weeks ago but you are the victor here

/u/throwaway24022000 take your L
Slv please fly again
Sorry fellow autists... my paper hands resulted in me selling my GME (prior to it going negative today) and buying into RIOT instead. I did this because I like tendies...
Might drag tomorrow, but it will be $35 by end of Jan
Was but now in ARKG since that’s a big holding in the etf
[deleted]
Game changer for this sub. Let’s all sue our broker for selling us calls that didn’t print.
Remy today playing fetch https://imgur.com/a/sAq417s
https://www.reddit.com/r/PublicFreakout/comments/kja46p/drunk_guy_yells_n_word_and_gets_smacked_with/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf
Free money? Its literally your own money there giving back to you lol
Fidelity approved me for options in my HSA.  Literally can't go tits up.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k_zxvu8BQ-k
I got 4 violations on my cash marinless arount in one day.

 Fidelity beats Robinhood and webull.
If you got any better recommendations lemme know!
ICLN is my main one. Turned about 3400 into 12k since late September. I’m starting to branch into the ARK’s (ARKK, ARKG, etc) as well.
Can I get a small fry for my dog?

He's a very good boy and doesn't like that he has to stay inside so much during these Iowa winters.
Take $10 k, sleepy will write it off
Sell a more expensive OTM option and buy the less expensive OTM option with the expectation that they both expire OTM by expiration, therefore you collect and keep the difference between the premiums. The farther OTM, the lower the spread you can collect.

You will experience a loss if the stock moves quickly in the direction of your spread and if it goes deep ITM or you get a stupid early assignment, that's max loss.
WSB: miss me with that shitty 65 cents per contract commission

WSB: RH with piss poor fill rate costing me $800 extra in premium for those 300 contracts of OTM FDs I bought? Let me innnnnnnnnnn.
It’s passed, you mean the extra 1.4K, big maybe
Didn't they IPO in September of this year? How do you have any shares being long term?
Yes
[removed]
Also need NVDA to blow through 530 tomorrow pls
Baidu all you can eat looks better or at least today it did
That was like a week ago, be patient ya dumb slut
Chad chimptard says fuck your bananas, while groping your wife, and her boyfriend.
Seriously.. dude didn’t even yell “worldstar” before he canned him
Selling calls in something like VZ or PFE has actually been an excellent strategy
RIP to my $54 1/15/2021 Nio calls
Crm cuck
[removed]
It's all my hard earned cash :) no margin.

Started with 40k and this is the current status of things, just yoloed everything into spreads
the funny thing is, back in early of this year, articles and people were posting about how there was a virus, and china was shut down. its why so many remenats of bears exist cause it was like an easy oppurtunity to buy puts. its funny to me to hear "how could we have known" when it was pretty obvious
Ya get $600 peasant. 2 ten baggers and you get back to $60 k
I would hate fuck the shit outta AOC
Hell yeah brother
https://www.kiplinger.com/investing/602007/is-the-stock-market-open-on-new-years-eve-2020
Here just to drink delicious retard tears when GME drops to less than $15 soon, it's going to be glorious 😂

I mean, a brick and mortar game business in an age of increasing digitalization, commercial real estate collapsing, and Amazon dominance...

What exactly is the path to profitability here? 🤔

You need a sound business generating value, something of worth other than sweaty neckbeards gathering in a local mini mart, to instill consumer confidence and growth.

GME is a dying brand, the latest in a long line of dying brands like Sears, Kmart or Circuit City.

My advise to all the GayMEers out there: Take your money and RUN...

You'll thank me later.
How fucked will you be if Nio crashes and you need to make those loan payments?
i wrote it live during fast money
You get the unemployment bonus ya gooner
[deleted]
Potato cuck
Until now I thought it was only theoretical
The voice in my head says PLTR will fly tomorrow, convince me otherwise.
i told everyone at my work to buy 100 shares and sell covered calls 😂😂😂
if I was a president and our country was getting fucked by a pandemic, I wouldn't tell anyone either, makes you look weak and dirty.
Link?
I'm new to this too. Isn't it sad to see all these party boats that already left port without us?
Mofos gonna pass the stimulus over the weekend — we gon start January with the biggest rally known to mankind. If not AOC gets trained
Mitch fucks
Can you put mine in the dumpster so it feels like home
Shitty for a day and a half. Aches / headache / chills / standard flu shit. Crushed water and emergenC and took naps.
Thank you 🙂🤗
I’ve lost it all boys so imma need some help gonna start streaming to make some play around money so that daddy Elon can take me to the moon ! Twitch.tv/Sickplaydude_ttv
I love how my dog always runs away with his treat. He’s so cute I can’t take it
[deleted]
Ok, thanks for this. Old listing I looked at had them at like 5% then I missed this one ig . Very diversified
[deleted]
👍🤠💡👊🥃
The major catalyst was the deal with Microsoft. GameStop gets a cut of every digital Xbox transaction for consoles bought through GameStop. That’s a cut of revenue FOREVER. Buying a game through the Xbox store, GameStop gets a cut. Buying a skin on Warzone, GameStop gets a cut. Etc etc
Don't do discord
Try to get a good entry on the nio rocket
When PLTR breaks 30 no one knows where it could stop🚀🚀🚀
Now they can get new Apple products
Oh yeah you’re right it was fuckin hilarious look at all the laughs and upvotes you’re getting
Pretty new at all this myself & riding the GME rollercoaster has actually been a solid learning experience. It's like taking a class but the school pays me! 🚀🚀🚀🚀
Heard thats what stimmy check talks are up to.
Should I take out extra money for student loans and buy nio leaps?
Believing them is part of the experience
#
They probably didn’t exist lol, those would have strikes between 5k and 10k pre-split
sideways as fuuuuuk. come on cathie pls
Imagine buying into a 1300x ratio... My change jar is worth more than Melon....
Good news, they'll have a full year to struggle back to even after losing their ass in January.
literally can already do this on oculus rift for $300 or .5 stimmy
Sir punjabi rupees AINT worth much money’s
Mine is showing pending in my bank acct
dont be greedy
"Wallstreet falls as anal corruption end s up in hiv outbreak"
Headed to the Chinese buffet, meal Sponsored by BABA
People don’t know any better. If your idea of quality audio is the Apple earbuds you can’t be expecting much.

That was pretty much my experience with turtle beach aswell.
These kids are idiots, lmao.
Yeah, but all commodities are  rising right now, this isn’t really market manipulation. It’s more like economic factors playing out. The steel play is just one way to play these economic factors. BUT, just like every other stock in existence, entry points matter, also picking the right timeframe and price for your options is going to matter. There’s also a learning curve when dealing with commodity stocks that some people arent realizing because they are used to tech
When I did that the image appeared as a link. I'll try again.
[removed]
That Circle K video really it? That shit went viral? Guy got his ass beat - didn't even get KO'd. COVID must have y'all bored af if that shit goes viral
[deleted]
https://ark-funds.com/wp-content/fundsiteliterature/holdings/ARK_GENOMIC_REVOLUTION_MULTISECTOR_ETF_ARKG_HOLDINGS.pdf

17th
Why are the ARK options so weird? I thought ToS was glitching
it will 100% get extended. No worries man lol
I fuckin love it

Tho my minor losses hurt me on a personal level that feels far in excess of 2500
So do etfs like tan & arkg not move much during day? Been gapping up with little intraday movement
Markets are forward looking. They were crashing hard because credit started freezing up. Once the Fed announce they would step in with a helicopter full of money, I would have then believed you we’d hit Spy 370 and have nothing to worry about for at least two quarters.
Dems should accept 230 and the election fraud commission to call Mitch’s bluff
Tell me 4 400$ we fuck 4 lady bois and go all out sucking female cock !!

Like dude if it ain’t 100 shares at least your fucken wasting time
Well it's weird that you ask, because I happen to be a bit of an expert on that topic. It would be worth somewhere in the range of $500-$750 usd to the right buyer, just be sure to have your bases covered for any legal questions that may arise.
After Donald J Sanders Pelosi bends over Mitchell for that extra 2k it’s our duty to put the entire check into GME common stock at market. G Kennedy Fuld Jr has declared war. We cannot stop until Ryan Cohen fucks his wife.
Credit spread meaning buy a put & call at same strike price, right?
Anyone one in arct?
Nice try Melvin. GME🚀👽🚀👽🚀👽🚀
And a large soda
25c 4/16 big balls all the way to the 🌚 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
all in on ark leaps?
That’s cool. Your country is also the size of one of our 50 states.
Oh shutup its free money who can complain. We already know our government is retarded best we can get
I need to show you something. PM me your discord.

I also sell put credit spreads, but on amazon, TQQQ, and a few others.

Lets chat. 

- and the reason is I've been thinking about getting into NVDA to now sell puts on.. so..
Just read some China bashing article in the NY Times about how rona slipped their grasp during the first 25 days and all the missteps they had. Like bro come on it's December and we still don't have our shit together, that's on us.
I need TSLA to pump so I can buy this beautiful old Jag off my stingy ass father. 

Bonus if I made some extra for the inevitable repairs 💰
$29,300
How are you handling the collateral? Margin?  I can barely get $500 worth of credit spreads before I'm out of collateral.
Snow puts my guy. Try them. I was the same way
I rly hope the market crashes lol fuck my 401k
[removed]
You must be new here. It’s called, a joke.
Yeah that knowledge and know how to is a God send for life
Reddit hurt his feelings
Wow you’re the retard. Go look up the presentation and see how much of an ownership stake BFT gets in Paysafe you moron.

“Even though the BFT to PSFE transfer is 1:1, BFT holders will actually own somewhere around 20% of PaySafe.”

“BFT has current market cap around $2.4 billion, they will acquire 4% ownership in PSFE once the merger is finalized. The market cap of PSFE needs to be north of $60 billion for this stock to be a buy around $13 a share”
[removed]
Yeah it’s to small for poors shit 

Ge should go all in 10,000 on pltr and stock bullshitting 

Everyman had to take risk in there life to make it
Not enough premium.
[removed]
Same. Went from a 4-5 day a week $PLNT workout routine through March to a 3-4 beer a night couch routine through current
As someone who is set to start paying back student loans in February, isn’t NAVI a solid value pick?
Wouldn't you rather have a pump every day from stimulus talks going well news?
He takes them out to eat at Herbalife
I want 5 number 7s
I was looking at arkg holdings & they don’t have arct listed there?
Better off investing in TAN, ICLN, QCLN
Me first!
Absolutely wild
They said that the last time it hit 420
I dunno about NIO, just looking at AAPL
Gotta love the absolute retards who think this virus has anything to do with politics. It’s literally your habits in each state & population size the fuck are you trying to make it about red and blue for
https://i.imgur.com/yga1g2z.jpg 
It’s in a bullish rectangle
Hey at least if you get the Rona in a red state you can get it having a good time at a bar or something
It’s AI
curevac is also an mRNA vaccine delivered by LNP's. I can't find the sequence they are using. As long as they engineer the 3' UTR using natural mRNA promoters and try to use codon optimization to reduce homology to the virus genome, I approve. For cancer therapies and other mendelian diseases it doesn't matter much. They will still be successful.  It's going to be an amazing decade for biotech!
Go to theta gang you non autistic theta whore
[removed]
Reading this give me COVID I also feel as though you didn’t acknowledge my gender pronoun along with being frankly a nazi Megalomaniac who beats woman YOU NEED TO BE BANNED
this is gettin no comments bro sorry
Bro that’s your cock wtf 🤬?
how does it feel? is it worse than the flu?
That’s a really nice HD looking screen shot
Yelling
Buy a put and sell one at a higher strike.

Or

Buy a call and sell one at a lower strike.
I’ve got 25c 4/16
He low key went yolo just didn't want to worry his investors so he did a risk management shot at gme
Retard
Also this https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kn9ff4/melvin_capital_gme_hobags
BLOOD GREEN TM
Sold some cash covered $17 feb GME puts today, 15% return in 2 months potentially
shouldn't you wait til the new year? And when is this turd gonna start floating?
Best thing ever. Definitely great in the winter when it’s cold to have that warm seat when you’re pinching out a grumpy. And not having to wipe your ass is legit. Just wait for the blow dryer to kick in. The LED light is worth it alone. I leave that shit on 24/7 for late night pisses.
So calls?
Could be a fruit vendor in the Congo in 2020. Google says GDP per capita is $561.78. Twelve dollars a year on that would be a 2.13% dividend yield. Better than 30-year US Treasuries.
 "Wallstreet rises on hopes of Vaccine fueled recovery"

Why do they have to explain every up or down day with some retarded generic headline?
i bought some mega millions and power ball

if i win you all get wendys
Just need one more big day outta Asian names tomorrow and I’ll be able to close out a lot risky shit. 

BILI BIDU SE JD
the awards on this thread are gay
You know what. Just cause you said that it gave me a gut feeling. I’m buying $1,000 calls for 2 months out. I’m gonna find you and donate you money if I print
GME and pltr
That’s what BABA’s gonna do for the next month.
But it has more to go 🙄
Sounds like something a baldy would say
Imagine thinking popcorn can cure the Rona.
Guess I need to make more
Pltr$ best high iv premium and liquid nice cock
[deleted]
always was 🔫
Algos you heard him
She will to you when ARKK falls 5% in the coming weeks
impressive.
If you told anybody back in March, with pandemic and lockdowns and sub 250 SPY that we would reach 370 SPY before end of year, they all would have called you retarded. Now all the monkey just accept it as perfectly normal and nothing to worry about for at least 2 quarters...
hahahahhahahahhahahhah  CUTE STOCKS MATE
Mitch the type of guy to throw his nephew in the gorilla pen at the zoo and cry about the gorillas death
Cause when u a billionaire your don’t give a fuck
Just wait till they start talking about UBI
they gotta go, however it wont be easy during restructuring, in RC we trust. Diamond hand to tendies land!!
That makes sense. What about the rich guys that buy some new random ass stocks?
put your phone number as the bid on one, maybe one owner will text you and you can ask him, if you are lucky enough to get texted by the original owner from a year ago
Only WSB could so highly award this "art" . Well earned sir.
You need to get banned you racist mongoloid.
It would be more exciting if more failed to merge.  Much more WSB-like.
To rich and got a useful  degree so I won’t get one 

But !!

I do hope poors get one so they can spend and it can help my Apple shares and pltr$
Better get on it and lose it again and keep it off this time
Aisle
Anyone else think that Cathie is into pegging (no lube of course)? 🤔
It's been like that for awhlie.

Just remember, if you had billions of dollars, wouldn't you also try to create hype and herd mentality?

You can't stop it, so just make money off of it and you sell calls up above or sell puts down below or buy puts if you know it's going to crash and burn or buy calls if you know the WSB pumps are coming..

The only thing there is to do is make money with the herd sheep..
Depends on ticker buddy
BAN ALL THE FUCKERSSSSS THAT SOLD CAthie BAR YESTERDAY
Apparently some buy new stocks/low priced stocks too
Man I was hoping for 242 tomorrow.... this seems like a huge aspiration.
Sounds concrete
Shut up and take my money
Yes. It’s a gambling account. Not throwing 25g at Robinhood to fuck around.
alota ppl think we are close to a top / crash

so calls probably the play for another month 🐻🔫🤡
Pass that 2000 stimulus and we limit up right frickin now
Lol if you’re not full of shit then good on you man. I’m still make fun of you when I see your “I date models” posts 😘
Need to start voting for ranked choice on any ballot it shows up on. It’s the only way for an eventual change in the way this dumbass system works. 

It was on my ballot this year and failed. Everyone I asked said something along the lines of  ‘“i voted no because it seems like it will be too Confusing. Already this confusion over mail in voting.” Then a few weeks later are the same people complaining about the corruption of a 2 party system and nothing is ever going to change.
deez nuts
Yeah im pretty sure thats what it is
https://media1.tenor.com/images/41a13ba7caf194efe066741b693e49b4/tenor.gif?itemid=10856760
That is correct.  Only the bond market closes early tomorrow @ 2pm.  Stock market open till 4:00 as usual.  Closed New Year’s Day.
Upvoted for enthusiasm!
Random stats without sourcing.  I'm going to guess you used hedges company data from 2 years ago though, since you didn't source.

The appeal to the youth is there.  That's all I read from here and outside of here by millennial and zoomers.  It's simply youth can't afford a 35k-100k dollar car.  But they drive interest.  And they do seem to be more widely adopted by 20somethings that can afford them.  Asian males especially.  It's a luxury car manufacturer that is trying to move into mass market with lower cost models.  But still 35k is steep to someone fresh out of college (or still in).

24 and younger age group are only single digit percentage owners of new cars anyways.  

But the 25 to 54 age group is the largest of new owners of Tesla.  I'm using Hedges Company data from 2019.   It's too bad they don't split that more though as they are including different generations in that data.

In any case my point stands.  I'm glad you found nothing else at odds with your views to cherry pick out from what I said in my original comment.   Toodle oos.
Hahah anybody member March hahahah 🤣🤣🤣🔥🔥🔥

Stupid fucks really though the party was over man ya noobs
I will not sell my GME!!!
Thanks bud.
>!🍏!<
I think people treat Tesla as a safe haven more than anything else. We all know Tesla isn’t crashing 10-20% anytime soon(knock on wood). It just brings consistent returns or at minimum, sideways life.
That was an amazingly accurate representation of the responses I get that trigger me here, hahaha. But that was the old me. The new me would like to give you a hug and tell you we’re all god’s children. Woosah.
Lmfao
Surely he’d buy to close his position the moment that announcement comes through.
But we made sales
Love how almost every single DD is posted **after** the stock shoots up 15%
That would make its market cap almost more than the entire car industry's revenues. So yes. It will.
That is what my understanding was until a few ppl on here said half day and now I’m confused. But I still think it’s a full day tmrow
no, it's fiat money
So you need $12 stonks, which is very bad for wheeling. I like amd but you need at least $9 k
You could be waiting a while because people like you gobble up a regurgitated COD every single year.
Gayer than Tim Gunn

Where the options at bro
Got a 1/22/21 FUBO  30P and a 2/8 GME 20C may the gods bless my positions
Sudafed for decongestant and Tylenol for pain or fever. Stay SUPER hydrated. Just. Keep drinking water like a lot of it. Also eat. You’re not going to want to but just eat.
Me, in PLTR 12/31 35c

A friend of mine said "why don't you sell, cut your losses?" 

I told him that at $1/contract, I'd 💎🙌 my way down with the ship
Hello, it is me, your father/son/prince trapped in exile.
[deleted]
Well boys, I got the rona. Spent 9 months in a red state... nothing. Spend 2 weeks in a blue state and I get it..... hold on lemme get my 🍿 for the comments.
You’ve broken down WSB to it bare essentials.. 
someone please use this as a meme template.. https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=2bSvdMpPnFA
Mitch the type of guy to use CRSP and advanced genome sequencing to turn his nephew into a monkey and sell it to the zoo keeper
12k
Overnight pump into morning dump zzzz
Never met a guy named chuck who wasn’t 5’3 with a tiny dick big truck and didn’t get his ass beat in every fight he was in
Thanks for the tips. There’s still solid advice here if you sort by new all the time and get good at filtering through the memes and rocket emojis. I think vito’s steel play is gonna be big.
Still bouncing around a lot.
Peasants gets their stimmy last. We and my homies got last midnight
wait
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/Ricegas the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I still regularly say "not now chief I'm in the fucking zone"
Right here. No stimi for this tardo either. 😢
How'd you do those #s
i wish i listened to them after getting flagged as PDT, "most people lose a lot of money doing this."
Have you done your own DD or are you just providing commentary on other commentary?
🍏, what about a nice pump to finish the year
2021 is gonna be limit up circuit breakers every day

We will become the market makers 😎
Thanks, really appreciate the tip!
put in more and wheel pltr
Well diversified
Wow, how are you even able to have gotten so far in li.... Nevermind
Just my personal opinion, but if you have shares totaling under 1k I don’t see the point. Like your pltr; if it goes up 100% in a year you made 250$. That won’t make you happy or help you. Instead just liquidate all those small amount and buy leaps. A 100% gain on pltr in a year would bring you over 1000% regardless of how it happens.
Always apply reductio ad absurdum to your premises.

"Nowhere else for money to go!" Ok, so NO ceiling to stonks? Either stonks can rise to infinity or they can't. If they can't, what is stopping them in a 0% interest environment?

These are the simple questions that prevent succumbing to euphoric retardation.
[deleted]
Just so you guys know SPXS is reverse splitting 10 to 1 next week. I’d sell options before then
Sell to close, not open. 

I bought 150 calls and sold them
All your positions below $400 are retarded. You should have just put them in your other scores, esp 1 share of SPY and QQQ - mega dumb. 10 shares of PLTR? Whew you make $100 if it goes up $10. 

Waste of time with your other plays, should have just made them bigger
Yessirr made a grand off SE this week. Buying at 180 was a no brainier. Sad I didn't load up on more calls thou. I'm buying any dip again
What has this sub become...



🚀🚀🚀 better add these so I don't get gangbanged
Pigs get slaughtered...
Which ETF? Trying to find solid growth over here
Are you over the age of 50?
📉
 📉
  📉
   📉
    📉
     📉
      📉
       📉
        📉
         📉
          📉
           📉
            📉
             📉
              📉
stonks only go up
[removed]
[deleted]
I don’t know what to tell you this place is not real investment advice. Your job isn’t to protect people. It’s probs an Automod key word thing. WSB is entertainment if you feel like you need to stand on a soap box and create conspiracy theories take a break from it for a bit none of this is actually real.
Still thinking about how incredibly wrong burry was about TSLA  sell off on s and p inclusion date what a load of shih.
Needs more GME.
BRUH LMFAO 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
We smoke addies in these parts, boy
GOLD MINE
[deleted]
hacked account you say

do tell more
cocaine mitch is a bitch
Who else didn’t get their stimmy yet.....but your snap friends did 😔
Look, your ability (and plenty of other salty motherfucker's) to simply pretend something is true by repeating "This thing is true because I said it is!" is simply you going full retard.

If you want to back up your "facts" about the liquidity/share volume of GME with some actual proof, then I'll gladly eat humble pie. Until then, those "facts" are simply your shitty opinions.
Yo so NYE is a full trading sesh, while new year’s day is fully off correct?
[deleted]
Weird question, settling a debate. How much do You think lebron James siblings(if he had any)amputated toe would auction for.
Need IHAK and AAPL
Jack Dorsey has so much money, he has to hide most of it in his beard
You have that much saved?
[removed]
Of course, my point is making a nice website is not incredibly difficult
Then you can just sell them when you want out?
You think that’s retarded. I bought £10,000 of stocks in 2018 for $320 and panic sold them at $260!
10k, 2 months, 2k gains?
No PTON / ETSY? you afraid of money?
What to WHEEL my $1200 stimulus on
this video makes me extremely anxious
I think predicting short term market movements is a losing game, but if I had to make a prediction, I don’t think you need to worry about that for the next two quarters. Going to be a lot of very favorable YoY earnings releases and forward looking sales projections.
steel gang wyd????
[deleted]
OK ILL TAKE OUT MY COCK 

AND U SPREAD YOUR ASS

If your a real Man U can take my cock 

LETS GO MAN UP BE ALPHA !! AS FUCK !!!

NO FEAR 🦈🦈🔥🦈🔥🦈
But if you get 0 ply its a 100% chance, and its cheaper than 1 ply
Anyone know if etrade lends out your shares?
It’s not misshapen, it’s a perfectly shaped sphere
[removed]
Atleast you set up the foundation and know what to do to lose it again, goodluck this year homie
I come here after a two day break and the retardation is revved up and on point.. best to take a couple days.. your jaw will surely drop.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Sir this is a casino
Are you saying we need to get out of gme right now?! 🚀👩‍🚀?
projecting you broke loser?
Follow 13f filers of very successful funds, i like Bill ackman, cathie woods, berkshire, softbank and others. Always a gamble and i got pure luck on travel puts around Feb 20th, back down to 50kish now but happy.
Lmao you’re too involved pal
I’m sure there are degenerate boomers YOLOing and doing weeklys. I’m not a boomer but not in my 20’s. Got a mortgage and 3 young kids so shooting for the moon isn’t on my radar. Was investing during the dot com boom and the 08-09 crash so I’ve seen a thing or two. It’s awesome the newbies have been printing the first year or two of investing but this was a once in a lifetime event. It’s also not a zero sum game so whether a newbie or a boomer makes $ makes no difference to me.
Probably contributed ot it more than people think
[deleted]
Nice try, Cathy.
It has a built in algorithm used to detect gayness through text. You must have triggered it.
Well done, I’ll see you on the moon 🚀
Fuck it, all in
With the way the dollar is going that'll be a meal deal at the local burger joint.
YOOOO this company is still worth 6 billion dollars and they don't do anything.
You’re an idiot
Tired of mirroring the heng ten and footsie...
Ban
Hate all you want; but WSB just got worked. 

Retail is no different now than in 99.
[@yatesinvesting](https://twitter.com/yatesinvesting)
We can do this again. Just remove the decimal 

🚀
My NYE enjoyment depends solely on AAPL price tomorrow
I almost got so fired up thinking about spending the 600$ stimmy on PLTR I forgot that I don’t get it cuz I’m europoor
Yeah I got some but they have been sideways.
[removed]
Anyone notice how low gme volume is? Hopefully next week volume will uptick.
When I was in college I'd put my male roommate's number with *Text dick pics* next to it
How are you doing now?
how do you do credit spread? Asking for a friend.
Face me bro...I'm also undefeated....

it's like they used to say about USA and USSR

two big dogs on a block gonna FIGHT
🐢 so good at obstruction, he even obstructed 🥭
gramor
I am not, running almost 100% AI TX
DEM GME BULL GANG NIGGAS SAVAGES OUT THERE
He wished
if dems win senate weed is going to pluto
This is is it ^
ICLN
219.5 billion  I just bought 150 shares at close let’s GOOOOO
if it was actually that critical to disperse why wouldnt vaccination clinics be running 24/7 🤔
[Rate my portfolio ](https://i.imgur.com/Y0zb0j8.png)
Had some feb $150 calls that I snagged at $120 and sold when it hit $155
This is so fucking true. Using only toilet paper seems so uncivilized to me now.
mitch the type of guy to say theyre going to the zoo and then hand his nephew to the zoo keeper for safe keeping
How you gonna bypass the Turkey gullet tho? What’s your secret?
Yes. But 100m is better, get after it dad/mom.
MRNA
blackpeopletwitter???!!!!???!?  


BLACK?!?!?!
I feel you. I’m retarded for not even playing Tesla yet. Missed opportunities man
Sounds legit, super humans in 10years, yep
Today's all-time high may be the next 5 forward year's low. If it's an investment and you like the company, hold with a longer time horizon. If you're looking to min-max then you need to consider if x % of gain is enough for you.
sounds like you are wrong and dumb, I disagree with everything you said and you probably eat canned chicken like a poor perosn
Plus sized man with 200 something lbs. Guess I am plus sized as well with my 104 kg (229 lbs) since the past 20 years , but cannot find my beer gut. Modeling career here I come!
Someone started early on the crack pipe this evening
they just parking money
Not just any bot. I evolved from your mothers favorite vibrator. She called me Magnus and used to climax imagining I was a large half black half squid. In fact, if she hadn’t used the fantasy I helped her create to get through sex with your father you probably wouldn’t even be here. So I’m not just a bot. In a way I’m your father.
are my spy 370P 2/19 fucked
Woman still don’t want your nice guy fat self
This girl from college used to openly complain on FB about the CA unemployment online process and this was years before Covid hit. I had to unfriend
[removed]
wth the leaps are cheap af just noticed that. gonna have to load up i guess.
I mean, if the value drops, you can just wait right? Stonks always go up long term, *right*?

{whisperwhisperexperationdatewhisper}

OPTIONS CAN JUST EXPIRE?!
they're not gonna win
I think you just make a regular post but include the image inside
It’s literally voting to get fucked with a broken glass dildo or a splintered piece of wood
No
Because I dont give 2 shits about losing the equivalent of one lego set in a trade lol
TSLA really is going back to $1000 isn’t it
Yeah, but here's the current strat I'm using to reclaim it back, at this rate, expect by March to be close to green again.

1. Dump at least like 40k into NVDA put credit spreads that  expire every 2 weeks. Decently OTM to get as close to the 10k credit  goal. Can be like even 8k the first few times. Each spread should give  like $100 credit at least
2. Let these puppies expire worthless (or exit when close to being worthless).
3. Repeat the above with your new increased capital after. Aim for  the same credit goal, but now that you have more capital, so you can  make your spreads slightly further OTM.

Every single time, you'll have more capital and can move further OTM.  Sure at some point there wont be enough volume but then you just do  spreads in multiple of the tickers at once.  YOLO'ing into spreads each  time.

Yeah you can get that one inevitable crash that can wipe you out, but  if it's not the first 4-5 times, you can sell for a loss  and still be  like net positive  (depends on your initial capital  of course).  


  
The current position in the screenshot should net me 15k by end of next week if NVDA stays above 510
In before F annouces amazing EV plans and you guys all just helped this man lose all his shares 😂.
You’ll get it when it dip from $150 k to $100 k next year or two
Calls on Vault-Tec
Yes.
Don't forget to post it here like a wanker
Mitch the type of dude to tell his nephew that he’s taking him to the zoo and then they just drive to Petsmart.
You as in “y’all” or vosotros, si hablas. Not everything about you... twat 😘
Had a Jan $105c that I sold when it was at $120 :(
77 wins 0 loses 

Is what I always tell myself 

Because confidence is everything 

I think beast mode THERE 4 I FUCKEN AM BEAST MODE !!!

Buy sq$ and pltr NO FEAR !!!
I lost 30 lbs in 3 months and then I gained it back over the last 9 months. I blame the China virus..
“Always” 😂
You in California? Seems like that’s such a California thing. 

You know you’re a badass when you scrawl your name into a toilet seat soo every boomer in your county can shart all over it.
I seen a lot of ugly ass mfs in my day, but dang, that's gollum ugly
You sound like a virgin
Literally cleaning my butt with a fresh stream of water as I read this.
I used to not. I used to come here and calmly offer detailed thoughts on the topics of the day. Now for some reason I’m easily triggered constantly here. Something I’m going to work on sincerely. It’s not a fun way to live life and probably not fun for the other person either.
This is the way
[deleted]
I actually go half-boomer and buy them on ETF’s. The leverage makes the relatively ‘bland’ returns of them actually pretty impressive.

I know Apple is an extremity popular LEAP target though. I’d personally avoid TSLA though as I’d be too afraid of the bubble popping (given the high premiums) but that’s just me.
Respect!
Last year, it was on Monday the 13th, wouldn't expect it to vary far from that this year.
What if I don’t want my money tied up for a year?
[deleted]
I guess they're into some gangster shit.
Good? Of course. Impressive? not unless you earned and bankrolled it yourself
Also if you flush wet wipes, you’ll run up a fat plumbing bill
Pltr has basically no shorts against it. Something like 3% or 4%.

No one wants to bet against it. Apart from flat brain Andrew left.
ROFL
I’m a retard,  I bought at 460,  sold on panic at 420 couple of months ago.... patience is not my virtue....
The prices of 1000-1500-2000 TSLA jan 2021 calls a year ago keep my up at night

I don't know what they were, but they still haunt me.
new background, thanks!
Term limits.... Voters don't show up at primaries, incumbents stay in power, time corrupts...
Eat chicken soup and watch some TV for a few days

That’s what I did. Felt 95% back to normal on day 4 and completely back day 6.
[deleted]
You win some you lose a lot.
Ark just keeps buying up TAK.
I watched a lot of Schoolhouse Rock and can’t say I remember the Mitch part
Lol
You don't get shit for selling puts that far otm
I literally sold 690s that expire tomorrow earlier this week. Luckily I bought them back yesterday
calls on cocaine in this thread lol
[removed]
That's what I'm prepping for. Got dry powder ready at hand
[deleted]
fuckin badass bro! That's my TURF!
Ha, mine too. I actually added about $400 at some point this summer for the hell of it and it went up 10 or 15% in a few days on some kind of news news so I sold.
Hop on reddit.



Jump into wsb daily discussion. 



Read some of the dumbest posts. “Man I need to stop coming in here.”



Get off Reddit. 



Rinse and repeat.
and 8% don’t make any New Years resolutions 🤯
I have a lot of friend who work in entertainment who hook me up, parties, Raya, etc
[removed]
And you still vote them. Ya get who you vote for.

Y’all don’t want Tulsi and yang that really cares about people, you want politicians that only care about their lobbyists.
"Pepe Silva shit only" is how I'm going to start demanding reports from my juniors.
"0% interest" is one of these retarded arguments that could justify infinite PE ratios if you want it to.

There is always a rational limit to stonk valuations. They can't just go up forever.
Fuck yeah bro we like Elon musk visionary’s man
Robinhood's margin agreement (https://cdn.robinhood.com/assets/robinhood/legal/RHF%20Margin%20Agreement.pdf) 

11. Hypothecation. Within the limitations imposed by applicable laws, rules and regulations, all securities now or hereafter held by you, or carried by you in any account for the Customer (either individually or jointly with others), or deposited to secure same, may from time to time, without any notice, be carried in your general loans and may be pledged, repledged, hypothecated or re0hypothecated, separately or in common with other securities for the sum due to you thereon or for a greater sum and without retaining in your possession or control for delivery a like amount of similar securities. The IRS requires Broker Dealers to treat dividend payments on loaned securities positions as payments received in0lieu of dividends for 1099 tax reporting purposes. Taxation of substitute dividend payments may be greater than ordinary on qualified dividends. It is understood, however, that you agree to deliver to the Customer upon demand and upon payment of the full amount due thereon, all securities in such accounts, but without obligation to deliver the same certificates or securities deposited by the Customer originally. ***Any securities in the Customer’s margin or short account may be borrowed by you, or lent to others.***

Basically Robinhood will lend your shares as it sees fit.
I'd agree with that. Mostly worried about my ARKG ATM Feb calls and my ARKG July OTM calls and ARKG Dec OTM leaps... lol. Woudl be nice to have a big winning options trade.
Yeah, but since it’s for 2020, if you weren’t a dependent in 2020 but were claimed as one in 2019 you can back claim the stimulus money
I will do my part next week when i get payed bois. Idc if i lose all the money i put into it. I just want to fuck the institutions.
Wow. My lunch was like $28 today.
Agreed
What about curevac? Or the inactivated virus of sinovac?
delete it now
grab ‘em by the term limits
People who “tag” or write their gangster name on a toilet seat restroom. Why?
Nice trade dude. But you’re still down $59k?

If I buy calls for 25$ for June and it prints, do I actually have to have the money to buy the shares? Or can I sell the contracts and take the money earned ? I’m going full retard and don’t want to learn what a call is
Hahaha yeah it’s like a virtual sky scrapper falling on u 😂😂😂
[deleted]
Speaking of euphoric discovery phase, are you in BN GO?
I will do my part next week when i get payed bois. Idc if i lose all the money i put into it. I just want the underdog to win.
bitch mccornball needs one good fucking uppercut to the facial region before he withers away
https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.theatlantic.com/amp/article/617454/
Just another poor, have fun never retiring
[deleted]
Only like 100 shares. Sold covered calls today
I dont know where to ask questions but if HL is at a all time high should I sell or hold? If I hold wont it likely just go down?
Sweet, I’ll double down on all of that stuff
This doesn’t consider the wave of stimmy checks people are going to pump into the market looking for easy wins like ark, which in turn starts a cycle of fomo and additional pumps.
You guys have friends?
Should be a tank with tiny wings
Math is on your side tho
Anyone who has shopped at GME knows they’re trash. You all post all your DD BS but never tried their store? Lol good research.
92% of people fail to achieve their New Years resolutions.

 I remember 2 years ago I was so disgusted with myself and set out to finally get my GED once and for all.... passed all 4 exams in 3 weeks after procrastinating for 8 years.
People who get in a lot of fights:

How do you track your bouts? Your stats? Do you film them all? 

I used to have a spreadsheet. Got in 43 fights in 2019. I had an assistant, this Little Person we called Lil Chuck, it was hilarious. After I would knock out haters we would roll em on this scale to weigh em and measure their height w a tape measure so we could enter it into the spreadsheet. Pretty dorky but I loved seeing the fuckin numbers all laid out like that. Ppl would walk by seeing me and a little person measuring these knocked out bros and be like "wtf going on here"
why
I think Spy is due for a correction. I honestly see it going down to 350. I’ll be buying calls when that happens
i dont wear any hat
$235 02/19/2021
Ireland is a pretty great place to be during the pandemic tbh.. Get good money from our government each week if our work has to close for lockdowns or if we lose our jobs and free/or very low hospital bills if we do get the virus!
is BIDU Hubter Biden’s company?
Rich people (like buffet, bill ackerman, blah blah big shot investor) has boomer stocks like home depot, jp morgan, coca cola brand. Because they have hundred of millions of dollars so even a safe 4-10% return is still a lot of money. These guys aren't 80x or anything. It's useless with your 2k robinhood account
They make slews of jacked up uncorrelated data a correlated set of data for people to actually use (tougher than it sounds, I do it for a living in clinical). Private sector (and government) all have slews of jacked up uncorrelated data they would like to be able to utilize. Huge market, most existing products are fucking garbage for it too.

My favorite example, because it's real world and already in place; correlating data and imagery of photos/video of child porn to find the rooms and stuff they're trafficking children out of. Apparently it works really well...like, good spy shit.

...but the goal is hopefully more private adoption of their tech than deeper into spy shit...cause that's where the money is.
YOLO $40c PLTR 1/15 

trust me, it will take your mind off the virus
That's the $100 question
But then he loses the power of compounding!
Yeah, that’s true with so many people going all in on weeklies. But I’m not talking about a slight rug pull as I am a crash. I don’t think a vaccine roll out into a v-shaped recovery with the Fed reaffirming QE and 0% interest rates, and easy year-over-year comparisons for earnings releases is a recipe for a crash, I think it’s a recipe for a sustained market melt up. And I think those SPY puts aren’t likely to fare very well.
Ofc futures up
thanks sir
Mannn... and the dumbass meme stocks can squeeze.... its all the same shit 😫😫
I wonder if this legendary bull run of 2020 is largely due to people unable to spend their money on their social lives & recreational activities, so they just dump all that spare cash into the market.
What I'm pretty much trying to say is:   


GME and PLTR 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
I bought 12/22 and it been nothing but downhill since.
Could be awesome.. wrangle some hos..  
  
  
I got **SPAM & Smartfood** bitches! ***Come Hither***.  
--------
Nice humble brag
Part of the net benefit of the deal too is Sweetwater as a company wasn't publicly traded, and is liked enough to be publicly traded if it had chosen to go that route down the line. It has the potential to be a much more popular beer, in itself that was a good acquisition. They will continue to make Sweetwater beers while also focusing on cannabis beers too

It also not a fair comparison for a well established, years in the process legal state pricing to newly established, still figuring it out market. When legalization first hit flower prices were very, very high and it took a while to get costs down to compete with black market pricing. The average consumer will also not make their own concentrates
Wait, you don't wear a spinny hat during coitus?
[deleted]
Fingering my ass with a wet wipe is one of the few pleasures I have left.  Can I get a bidet and continue to finger my ass with a wet wipe?
 🍆 nice 

Also fuck you
thatd be cool, itd be like a nyse trading floor and your a broker
This is only useful if every side of that dice in the 8 ball said tendie time.
GME gonna keep breaking my heart all week.
I sell ATM covered calls and make even fatter prems. Selling slightly OTM is fine when you don’t mind holding the stock for longer and just rolling over every 7-10 days. 

Example, I entered AAPL at $110/share and sold calls for 4 weeks as it traded sideways. Finally got assigned when it ran up last week as it deviated ITM unexpectedly.

Just entered AMD at $89 (1 month low) and sold 9x  1/8 90C. Literally free money. 

The bigger your account the easier it is to make money being theta gang. It doesn’t make sense when you have less than 100k really.
dude i follow you on twitter
Td thinks it's real vue is around 13 dollars usd per share and to soften over next 6 months.
All yours logic makes sense to me but td is saying steel requirements to go down so the big prices may not occur
hope the dev is on WSB lol
Pennies?
DONT GIVE A FUCK IF IM MARGIN CALLED, IM REPEATING!
[deleted]
Hang Seng cookin the books like a boss
I know. WTF bro, why you gotta be a dick?  

J/K! I don’t think anyone cares if you check them on saying stupid shit. It’s kinda more fucked up if you don’t.
Welp, there was a pissload of FOMO today, the shorts are getting a squeezing...they close, you're fucked...
This seems impossible
How do I post with a tldr? In the image post I only get to add a title.
Just do it on all the popular stocks like apple, Tesla, etc.?
Yup
Melatonin been said to help
Ah yes... the way.
CNBC is a bunch of China shills anymore
r/politics 



Also ban.
Makes things more complicated where do u draw the line? Also somewhat encourages some people not actively seeking work to do nothing cause they think more may come in the future...
I went into it to hedge but its making killer daily gains
Lol I love how all comments of this sucker gets downvoted
Why is this good idea again?
All of it.
Good luck with the cut
Nice bro. I’ve got $5C for 2022 that did well today. May be a bit ambitious, but I’m aiming for a $20 price target for 2021.
If the 1.7m here just invite everyone else here and each open new accounts with new emails, it'll be $850 billion in free shares (due to the $500 cap) . There's our stimy.
Just wait for a solid pullback and then jump in
I put a majority of my portfolio into JMIA shares. Best decision ever
No one tell him
[removed]
Christmas holidays with grandparents out of all people
Even now? These guys bought before it was over 1000% up. Hard to say it's going to continue at such a pace.
but dont end up putting your pants back on with a fat swamp
I'm sure that helped. It made some good financial moves, dropped a few PRs,  rumors of a big client. Just a lot of great things hitting at once. I believe this is the "euphoric discovery phase" that people dream about.
Remember when we were walking around with hard dicks talking shit at 350? 

If we went 350 now we’d $ROPE

/buy stocks cuz they go up thanks for coming to my Ted Talk
Make better choices
I’ve thought of this before too. NYSE of the future looks like Ready Player 1 style mall in VR
I like that sweet, sweet leverage though still
When is the update?
So call on AMZN ?
Does your memory not go back a full day lmao
What you? Can you elaborate more please
Eat my dongus you fuckin nerd.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I finger my ass without a wet wipe afterwards.. and then dip it in honey and reinsert.  I love walkin round with a sticky asshole.
hey it’s been a whole *fucking week*

i mean imma long term investor but gee whillickers
I have a Toto electric bidet. It warms the water, has a self cleaning wand, and heated seat.
oh shit here we go again
it possible, although i have pretty good internet where I live. However the other aspect like coupon system is confusing and unintuitive.
how much granny porn do you watch because of Cathie
CNBC News says China economy will grow by 8% in 2021. Bullish for BABA, BIDU, TCEHY, etc.
Who else thought that “$694.20 by EOY” was gonna be just a joke lmao?
Jim Cramer the type of guy to go on a vaca for like 2 weeks and not even say bye first
[deleted]
Na, not looking for, wanting, or needing some open wound puss pudding pussy.
r/dividends users sit down to pee
can u explain the image?
I like being able to use it to hose out the shower or tub as well
Just go get your own, they aren't ridiculously expensive
I’ve been waiting for the dip to buy titcoin . 👀
I wish I focused on these China names instead of CRM. Been dead for a month
How do I fix this
FUCKING NON BELIEVERS:  https://www.bloomberg.com/amp/news/articles/2020-12-30/cathie-wood-s-flagship-fund-posts-largest-outflow-on-record
It’s definitely the way. You aren’t going to get those batshit crazy multibaggers in a single day but it still prints at a far lower risk
[deleted]
How did you fit my 1 year of option trading in to one picture?
OK well like $700 for a good one but yes

100% essential

chicks love em
yet again, that's a company that hasn't even started yet 🤦
But if I get one ply toilet paper there’s always a chance for Hershey fingers
No
Love preemies🤑
Unbelievable, come on now, how much money does one person need?
Yeah get yourself some zinc pills, vitamin c chewables, pedialyte. Take two hot ass showers a day. Wash your bedding (especially pillow case) a few times a week. You'll be fine.
You know how sometimes you have an epiphany that is so obvious you feel like a dumbass for not realizing it before?

Today it just clicked for me sometimes shit goes down and that’s ok. As long as your thesis is sound and you’re up long term, there really doesn’t need to be any kind of pain or anguish associated with small corrections. Just relax and enjoy the waves in an ocean of tendies
You’re not wrong, just don’t spend more than you pending deposit was what I was getting at. It still effects your “buying power”. The way my settings are, I can’t spend more than I have in active deposits. 

No big deal to me, the deposits will come, rh is a gambling acct.
Right back at ya
lmaoooo
[deleted]
Margins just amplify the pain
Those fuckers !!!
Sorry, I meant I’m retarded
I know that feel bro. Just trying not to YOLO my 2 months of gains on some shitty FD
[removed]
U ignant
[removed]
same until TSLA went to jupiter today
Nio day January 9th...it will rise
You got that right
Well damn I'd get as much milage out of my title as I can if I spent years blowing off actually enjoying life just for a fuckin title
I bought in at $17 I’m just going to hold until I’m rich or it bankrupts.
The land of bandwidth caps and data limits
How do you think you got it
[removed]
a $10 strike is a 14% gain from where ford is currently trading.  You could sell 25 Jan 29 10c's. for .08 and pocket $200 of free money.
You were supposed to go balls to the walls and diamond hand it to $200!! Either way nice trade
[removed]
I agree with them that stimmy should be targeted to those most in need. I am angry that they (both parties) didn't focus the stim on the poor and unemployed.
Tesla is proof that all we need is retard energy and retail investors to believe in it.
there's still time
[removed]
If you don’t have a bidet do yourself a favor and get one. They are like $50 on Amazon. Best investment ever.

And don’t hit me with that “wet wipes” crap, not even close. Plus with a bidet you don’t have to finger your ass with a wet wipe.
Theta gang is no easy play.  Choosing strikes and expiries is an art form learned through trial and error
[deleted]
Just apply to level 2, select growth, 8+ years of experience, 100k-500k networth.
[deleted]
lool. i wish my RH account was 150k. Though I'd then be tyring to get it to like 500k by end of year lol.
I have a single tesla share I’ve been holding for awhile, just so I can say I didn’t totally miss out
Right, I meant this week. Dd on r/pennystocks?
Moderna is an awesome company. So is BioNTech. Both benefit from an mRNA vaccine going well globally. If that happens then they have a chance at curing a significant number of diseases with the same pipeline. The only downside is some random low probability event messing things up. I think a little more thought on the BioNTech side could reduce that risk.
Cuz I don’t money
Haha ah okay
Yes - you make poor choices.
217 billion easy!!

If!!! They role out the new free tax softwear they working on
Hot Crazy Bitches can FUCK tho. Soo worth it.
[deleted]
[removed]
I’m too smooth brained to know what they’re agenda is
Roger, will try this tomorrow morning and report back on Monday how I slept through the long weekend.
I’ve already stolen the picture and posted it on Twitter. Thank you!
I got puts on Jan 7th.

Trump called his fans to Wash DC for a rally on Jan 6.

He gonna try a coup.

“Buy when there’s blood in the streets.”
20% ain't bad. Most people drool over 5% gain
I sold CC on NIO, so I’m not sleeping well
$69c PAINT
Three!
I sat and watched baba on the sidelines the past two days how you wanna bet it opens red tommorow since I bought calls?
haha
What expiry date you going for? / how far OTM?
IF sir richard dies on flight, which I hope doesn't happen. company kaput.
Bullish on banks 🐮
Yep, nobody is paying attention to oil yet the value proposition is insane. I just keep buying the dip on Suncor personnaly
We can do it bruv!
Excuse me sir we call that “jacked to the tits” here ☝️
Man I bought NIO $45c at such a bad timing that the shares are currently sitting at almost $49 and I’m STILL down on those options
i would love seeing stonks plummet in 3d
Thats incredible.    Really well done.   Your plays Please?
Ya that’s more so what I was looking for

Solid cough currently so will stick to some tea to ease with that
Your inability to understand doesn’t change how right it is lmao
[deleted]
You'd put moderna at the bottom and the other one at the top.
Who’s the bitch?
You claimed that authoritarianism is not part of fascism. Sorry but now you are just plainly lying

Trump supporters close to being a paramilitary organization? You are not only lying but completely going hyperbolic..

The US not a liberal democracy? Now it is getting out of hand

How old are you? 15?
[deleted]
I didn't really understand the concept. So options lvl 1 risk your stocks/money in covered puts/calls, so theoretically a shit ton of money at risk. That's apparently A OK. However if you just wanna fuck around and toss $100 max loss on a regular option call, that's apparently not acceptable lol. 

So I took my 40 bucks out, I fully expect them to go bankrupt now.
Market cap for SQ in a year, go!
I like the term snatch more
And vr cock
See idk, I come to this sub to laugh a bit. Rarely do I get upset at stupidity because often times it is hilarious.
I was just saying Ireland is shit. It was a 2:30am post after a little too much r/conspiracy. Only one I know is Dublin.
I agree. That doesn't mean there can't be a Septmember style rug pull though. That was a 2 month rug pull. Its enough to wipe a lot of people out even if its not a true crash. THat is what people are really worried about my friend. THere wasn't an interest rate hike in sept right? I don't know what caused that sept rug burn.
Sometimes boring is good. Especially when you dating a recovering substance abuser
How about puts on Disney, any reason this isn’t a good idea?
Yea on paper it makes sense if you know what you are doing, but these are folks who have never bought a stock in their life and have no $$ to invest. 

So taking heloc or refinancing to get $$ and rather than keeping it for emergency using it to invest is insane.
Probably an offering
The one I can think of one top of my head is the one with drake like this: https://i.imgflip.com/3v0kc3.jpg I think the format is called Drakeposting
George Costanza
It’s functional, I’ve still been ordering everything through them but it should be much much better than it is. 

I bet we could find a couple people on WSB that would even volunteer to fix it.
“Don’t care. Vote.” Spammed on every post in r/Politics is the cringiest shit ever lol
I'd def make a yolo goal for theta winnings and then yolo it then if I fail rinse and repeat with initial gains
Can this mf give me some gold too? It’ll be another badge of honour just like my -100% account
Might need to jump on this before it takes off 🚀
I went from Buying options to Theta gang to just owning shares.  This is the way.   The only strategy Im still implementing on Theta gang is selling cash secured puts or covered calls.
20% CAGR is about as good as it gets without diamond hands.
[deleted]
\- Recent partnership with Shopify to make the platform more shoppable, its surprising PINS is doing so well in spite of now already having e-commerce. I think this will really send it through the roof since they have such a massive userbase already JUST BASED ON generating curated feeds for users

\- Ads are apart of the native experience and they're curated so PINS is getting way more ad clicks than other platforms (FB, TWTR, SNAP)

\- 450 million monthly active users

\- Monthly active user growth rate of last 3 quarters => 39%, 37%, 37%

\- international user revenue increased 147% last quarter

\- 0 debt

\- held by 3 separate ARK ETFs  (ARKW, ARKK, ARKF => #6)

\- lots and lots of institutions got in this year

Honestly just look at last earnings presentation or look at some DD posts, its been way oversold after reaching ATH and the next couple of trading days will be free $
Are you me????
Lame, I’m not high risk so not super concerned but trying to make it as smooth as possible
Why are you using a green dildos then? Silly opposite goblins.
  Vitamin C and D. Others say zinc but I didn’t take it.
[deleted]
BRO 

100% money idea 

“ ROBIN HOOD VR” 

Who is gonna make the new  virtual reality BROKER !!

Holy fuck this is why I don’t get a stimulus check 

IDEAS LIKE THIS it’s no wonder I’m not poors
Man, I bought some in late Sep/Early Oct, just got 9 shares because fuck why not, solar...up 113%, I don't even pay attention half the time. Only 2% of my portfolio, fuck I wish I had averaged up along the way.
God answered my prayers and freed my hands of bag holding. I then used those empty hands to bag hold a different company.
[deleted]
Imagine getting 10 - 20 7/10+ swipes a day.

That's my actual life.
Give me some of mommy's milk
How can I get in on the dip... when there is no dip...
Oh, I 'member!
[removed]
Nice! I was trading it then when 40-ish. But I was a degen that traded in and out with options. Had no idea it would get to where it is now.
If you have LEAPS you can now sell OTM weeklies to WSBtards and collect money every week
Nothing helps fight the infection but you can take things to make you feel better. Tea with honey for your throat/cough and acetaminophen for the fever, if any. Other than that drink a lot of water and you’ll be gucci.
Dark pools...it's not real.
I still don't see how that can be correct based on the facts available, but I'm unfortunately not wordy enough right now to tell you how you're wrong /shrug
[removed]
Money is money.  This is where I believe js a good place to make money so its what ima do for now, but grats to all that have made million in Tesla.
[removed]
If you have an account with $100k+, joining theta gang and selling covered calls is literally a no brainer
Not everything that’s old appreciates in value. And if it’s NKLA you’re trusting to actually donate, brother, you don’t know how much that company lies. Is this an ad ? Are you Trevor Milton trying to get us to buy those pieces of shit?
🙋🏻‍♀️
You can always swing trade it until it wakes up. That's my current strategy. Keep averaging my cost down on the shares. Leaving the options as is for now though.

Also, I don't think we'll have long to wait.
2/3. Find a way to start a business instead of keeping the job.
Quality content as always king, let us know when to load the 800c cannons 🧨🧨🎺🎺
We need a correction. Stocks to high imo. -elon musk
I think there’s a direct correlation between me having a track record with crazy bitches and me losing money in the stock market 😭
Praying for you bro
Hahaha.
[removed]
Because they likely have to sign a non-disclosure agreement with RobinHood in exchange for absolving their debts

And they are probably scarred for life
Ok nerd... ok
I didn’t take anything. However, expect to not be able to taste anything for a month. Get better✊
I was watching it like a hawk all day, can’t tell you how many times today it sat at 694.20.
and I am aware american resources is planning to get into rees, but they haven't even started yet, so they are way behind like I mentioned in the original post
[deleted]
Wow, what a hill to die on...  😆🤡
lol 'member when we were all confident NIO was gonna be $100 EOY. those were the days
Could it be wrong, could it be right? If I sell my calls tonight...
lmao their retard level is on another level, some are even preaching for the stock price to go down, for their yield goes up 😂 wtf
I make money more consistently playing theta but holy fuck is it boring 

Also 10k for collateral for like 2k gains
Just a lot of WSBers arguing for a market crash, seemingly based on nothing other than stocks have gone up a lot. But all asset classes go up a lot in a 0% interest rate environment. Interest rates have a huge, huge impact on the stock market, and every other asset.
You are slowly becoming boomer, soon you be talking about stocks and avoiding options!
People dont use calculators or finders round here huh
I usually only do weeklies, never bought leaps because premiums are mad expensive. Is this the way?
Nah bro please don’t stop. Tough love!
Yeah I just accessed my margins today. I'm a bit befuddled and now have much more purchasing power. I don't need to wait for monies to clear. I can now go zoom! I've missed out on many of the early pics the last few weeks w otc's, margins and all the other fund issues that arise. Stoked.
Ban!
how high will the karate kick send it tho?
cyberpunk sex dolls is the future
Need a September 4th pullback
[removed]
extrinsic value be like
This is super helpful, thank you.
First reaction - mega retarded

Second reaction - interest rates are so cheap, why not
The sad thing is that his 1 inch pecker is still bigger than half of you retards that blew up your account and had to tuck your 9" cock into your ass because you fucked yourself.
[deleted]
Why are you talking like a middle aged lady?
in better subs probably
Ikr, I can't imagine being the dude sitting on those covered calls for a couple years. Imagine if they're naked calls...
Then shut up and be grateful for what you have.
https://cathiesark.com/arkk/complete-holdings
How does one be offensively ded? Like a rotting smelly body?
Yeah, I wanted to average down on SQ. Limited funds, so I went with SE. Still good. Maybe SQ finally gonna rip harder thanks to bittycorn.
Im retarded and even im waiting til tomorrow
I'd like to think that DD thread helped move it along. I think when you read those points, it is abundantly clear how extremely undervalued it (still) is. It has been running for a week now.
Lots of dips to be had yesterday
My 600 got deposited over night. Ez transfer to robinhood boys
My calls expire tomorrow. But my ira is 100% tsla
RemindMe! 12/31/20
Fucking positions you autist!
New years resolutions: get RH account to 100k, get weight down to 180 lbs. keep my mfing job.
sorry dud I just took the last of it 😞
flexing my $40 cost basis on SE shares
Finally back after a little break. Where we at these days? Looks like I need to go all in on PLTR
Climate change IS the next frontier. Renewable energy, waste management, chemistry...
Tendies aren’t as fast but we still eating
I have 9$ calls expiring tomorrow 🙏
Fwiw, financial gurus have been saying this since the inception of bitchcoin.
The smart ones are assigned shares at 50% discount.
If he’s wrong then I don’t want to be right.
I have been telling myself this for about 2 weeks now and hedging. I dont want it to happen but I could see some interesting stuff around the 5th
And dude it’s amazing man 

Gaming and porn 

But I know there more to it
Where do you meet your models bro? Lol
Mmmm AOC B cups 😍😍😍
Yeah thats fair. If you take VTSAX back to nov 2000 and compare to nov 2020... its like 15% per year for 20 years.... so yeah especially if you're only in your 20s or 30s I'd accept nothing less.
[removed]
Damn sorry homie
People only post when they did well.  Who knows how much they had lost the rest of the time.
This is so wholesome and I like it $PLTR to the moon!!🚀🚀🚀🚀
I don’t understand how you bought an ITM option with such a low strike for that price. Makes no fucking sense.
NIO smfh
Looks like a dude
Oh how convenient.
Flatter than Ken's penis yo
[deleted]
Second on advice
Why didn't you get into any dips yesterday?
[removed]
That to holy fuck 

Can u imagine Robin Hood VR!!
I saw Tesla at 686 and YOLOD
More and more I hear people taking heloc loans to invest in the market.
Great. I’d love to make another couple grand on these calls.
🍆
Dudes who’ve had covid 

Any recommendations of things to take while you have it lmao
4 shot espresso got me all amped
[deleted]
Man neutral language processing has come a long way. I would've never thought a bot wrote this. Clever Mr Bot, very clever.
Shit like this is why I don't really worry about them ever printing the reserve currency.
BABA sounds a lot like BTFD
> or thinking the market will crash in a 0% interest rate environment

uhh oddly specific?
[removed]
Lol, I did just that with GME.
Sorry man, my wife's cousin over dosed on heroine and died last night. The husband is left with their 2 kids, both are under 10y/o. Doesn't help that he mades barely enough to support himself, let alone his 2 kids... count your blessings man.
Well? Explain how it's just like in Ireland? Where are you even from haha? Could you even name one town in my country let alone what the virus is doing here
Haha. Came to say exactly this. Touché.
Monday*
For MS Paint, can I just say. 

That’s an absolutely fucking outstanding dollar bill. 

There’s more effort in that dollar bill than all of your DD’s combined.
ha ha right.
Are you fucking stupid? If they are mining for other resources and come across the ore and throw it out that isnt a competitor 🤣🤣 literally any mining company could find the ore, it isn't rare, but it's worthless unless they can actually utilize it.
SE definitely looked like the play of the day. I’m glad I’ve been averaging down on SQ. I even got more shares yesterday. You can always count on that one!
Lmnd and tsla was asking for it the whole day...
4*
The fact that they are going to these lengths just to fuck over us regular folks is quite astounding.
Are we in hard mode now
[removed]
my ancestors approved
One of smartest financial people I know posts on LinkedIn all the time about how it’s just a big joke that will blow up soon. He could totally be wrong but he has me convinced
i just saw tesla

👀

is this cuz of the NYPD using model Ys ?
I bought 33c 1/15 at the peak. I have diamond hands because I just want to hold that loss until next year. PLTR will hit 40 1/18 just to kick me in the dick.
Sounds legit
Go read some loss porn posts and feel comfy
[removed]
why be the gambler, when you can be the casino.
Prob not too long...Facebook has been investing massive amounts of money into VR/AR technology and integration.
The only thing that could stop it is an economic downturn the way I see it, probably a smart move if you can stop yourself from freaking out because the company has a beaten down week.
Hmm, CRM calls would have been a decent play. But yeah, overall I agree.
haven't used tinder in years. it's just bots and junkies lookin to slice ur throat for a dollar.
Don't you dare insult it. It's the only company capable of producing gravity powered vehicles
I hope you are right because I too hold this bag
[removed]
Seems like the market neither wants to go up or down. I think earnings gotta start catching up to prices now
No, it was on news that they "could" meet expectations.
[removed]
[deleted]
[deleted]
I only vote R because I am saving my D
So I deposited 700$ from my bank to my robinhood account and spent it all on GME shares. Does that mean my stocks are cash secured or not cuz OP mentions shady brokers like robinhood? I bought the stocks with cash I guess cuz I funded my robinhood account with money frommmy bank.
*China shut down the whistleblower - who ended up dying from Coronavirus* 😏😏😏
Yep. Stock and LEAPs. avg price $16 have some 1/22 $10c that I picked up back in Nov.
Opportunity for easy improvements. Bullish.
janet yellen comes in and pegs both
[deleted]
This. Have it printed on the back of a shirt, when you closed out below it, with our wsb dude on the front left pocket. You’ll make friends walking around in no time.
Tomorrow?
I’ve been selling 10% OTM so not a ton. From $18.90ish to $15.62 right now
Selling covered calls / cash covered puts should be able to get you more than 10%. Not really that risky either if you are patient and just take good set ups.
I guess future will tell
Buy the right options at the right time and then forge diamond hands.
Sir, this is a Wendy’s
👀🚀😍😍😍😍
I snorted audibly.  That was actually pretty clever.
You accidentally clicked sub while scrolling
Tell her to visit here in WSB daily
even with another lockdown it wouldn't trigger another march for two big reasons:

1. We already been through march 2020 and know it wasn't the end of the world for the market
2. every day we get closer to the vaccine and I get closer to nailing models with preexisting conditions. one of my fave hotties has been totally quar cause she had TB at the beginning of the year. Asymptomaniac but still. I miss her SO fucking MUCH! She was really into butt stuff
Su Bae wins. Her name literally has Bae in it. ALso she has higher networth.
That's the spirit!...At least you will have something to bite into as you get railed by the bear train.
Stonks
I don’t think so
[removed]
Attaching 230 is a poison pill. It's unpopular even with Republicans. This was meant to be a stand alone bill. He's attaching 230 to kill it.
Anyone in VST???
Nikola, Peloton and Moderna all meme'd my ass hard, but I guess that's what happens when you play with those stonks
Vaccine released. Not as great as anticipated. No reason to hold onto PFE anymore.
Bro.. posting questions about investing from tik tok on WSB is not a great start to your career

let me save you lots of pain; do serious learning. There are no shortcuts.

once you know what you are doing, come back here to joke about things and learn other stuff you can pick up on once you have more experience.

But this? this is a recipe for disaster..
1/8's are dangerous because of NIO Day on 1/9.
Cash gang sucks.  First day in a while i couldn't find anything to jump into.  Not being in a position is not natural.  Not sure how ima sleep tonight.
You’re probably right hahaha. That’s why I bought a lot of stock but I’m gonna sell my calls right before. I might buy some more otm like I said if they confirm the report is false but I’m pretty conservative. That being said good luck to you.
You think a girls looking at that on a first date?
[removed]
Lol I looked at this today and am jumping in tomorrow. Solid play.

Sad to see the long dated calls I sold for a few bags in June are 13 bags now :(
So buy stocks in virtual taboo ?
What about shitpost flair for when mods post?
what do they do?...
Buttholes reserved for him.
PUTS BLEEDING
NO SELLING
SE and SQ did me a solid today, not gonna lie. Feels okay, man.
[deleted]
Positions?
You’re getting the hang of it now
So short term FDs will print right?
Big auto...the EV FOMO has yet to hit the continental states...
#( .  )(  .  )
My emergency fund consists of 1000 contracts of PLTR FDs
1 hour until HK market opens and BABA flies again
Holy
Nio up AH keep going and bring me to Valhalla tomorrow
They are just making shit up it's all bullshit
Well I think it’s fair to say the last 5 years have not exactly been average years, but I get your point. Basically 15+ percent at a minimum I think
I am submitting this film to Cannes
Bought at $19 sold at the literal bottom in March at $11....AMA
What caused the AI to pop today?
It’s just part of the bigger picture.  People who trade on TA alone are as retarded as the perma bulls/bears
That's my biggest bitch about starting new accounts.  It takes a while to get rid of all the /r/pics and /r/funny shit and get back the subs you actually like
Eating raw fish tonight to prep for the date tomorrow. Get those taste buds ready i guess.
Game over for the gay bear.
it's a banned ticker on this sub is why I haven't been saying it. google "rare earth" "uranium".

[https://www.mining-technology.com/news/energy-fuels-rare-earths-processing/](https://www.mining-technology.com/news/energy-fuels-rare-earths-processing/)
Nice.. What do you plan to do once it's gets close? Roll them over?
I think if we as a country have learned anything this year we should have learned that NEITHER Dems nor Republicans give a frogs fat ass about the general public. People need to wake the fuck up and realize both sides played with folks for months to manipulate their agenda.
Look man, all I can say is...  I belong here
This is my last creme tort.
This is the most accurate meme I've ever seen
Im sure as hell if they care about the American people they can find a way to send out the checks without using it as leverage .
Wait now they hate rich folks? I am very confused
SUFFOCATION
[deleted]
[removed]
[deleted]
Imagine thinking rsi matters on sh1tcoin
What's the company?
I DECIDED TO SHORT!
I had 20% in my 401k, which has generally been a set it and forget it since I picked funds. Seems pretty good...
[deleted]
Jenny is that you?
It’s a long term pharmaceutical company
Too smart for this sub. Mods, ban this guy.
I own 2500 shares of ford and I do this/starting to do it.    The premiums on ford currently are pretty sub par, so  with 1 option contract it'd be more like 6-10$ a week.  But im also super bullish on ford long term, plus the dividend is chillin at 7% right now which is good.  With my 2500 shares its like ~200 a week.   You could make more on higher premium stocks tho.  But 200 a week is still crazy money imo.

Also if it goes up then the premiums will start to be better though.
Ok. I tried again. 
https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kndt9x/informed_consent_papa_musk_style_moderna_to_the/
Ah.. I need a better way to describe this. I think BioNtech has long term risk and moderna doesn't. Any other meme template suggestions?
damn
Lol retard strength
*binary options*
And daddy JPow
THIS IS MY LAST RESORT
Congrats and fuck you.

What was the low right before it mooned?
Stay strong brotha! Sending positive vibes your way. Hope he has a quick and easy recovery.
Where is u/GatorMD when we need him
$100 k
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
[O rly](https://pyxis.nymag.com/v1/imgs/a09/b6f/56951dd42d937e93085a837b52c0b949e6-02-hand-creams-lede.rsquare.w700.jpg)
Such an antiquated term, box. We need to bring it back.
[deleted]
🌈🐻getting desperate af lmao
Really for nio?
You had me in the first half not gonna lie
Cathie keeps buying TAK. I have no clue what it is but imma keep buying calls since they’re cheap

🚀🚀🚀
CUT MY LIFE INTO PIECES
Not all hero’s wear capes. We all salute you.
Quarter million. I've spent the last 4 year barista-fire/WFH and I don't want to do that anymore so it would have to be localish.
TSLA added 4% today on news they'll ship 500k cars lol. Which was their expectation

That's 48k in MCAP added per car
Exactly... Twitter ain't gospel...
Why do Reddit automatically joined me to some subs I don’t care about?
Yay
Real talk, may be time to head over to /r/investing or /r/dividends
RIOTTTTTTT
Who wins in a fight to the death?

**Su Bae** armed with a toothpick and a G-string

versus

**Cathie Woods** armed with a flip flop and a wig?
Another level of retard - gambling on the wrong ticker. It’s $PSTH jackass lmao.

Be honest - how much have you already invested into $PTSH??
I bought my LEAPS back when ARKK was $100 so I’m still good. IVs gone up so I’m not complaining
Like the retards before me and the retards before them, we all have sworn an oath to hold bags until the atmosphere from the giant dick sized rocket ship pressurizes our hands into MOTHER. FUCKING. DIAMONDS.
About 19%... if you ditch the target date funds and their lame bond components... and instead put that money in the vanguard total us stock market fund (vtsax), youd have earned 19% per year the last 5 years.
I offer my nut to Lord Mnuchin.
I did the same with BA I’m thinking about dropping some into some energy ETFs that are down like 40% in 2020. I mean it’s not like shell exon etc are gonna go outta business
Beautiful
Well, what about my hands? I don't see how your hands are any better than my hands.
Bullish
I tried to make a dd about a spac that’s up 71% in 3 months, 50 in 1, and got banned too. Not curious if we’re talking about the same one, but if so, genius.
While I agree with you political bullshit is starting to get rampant on here so would careful or going to get banned.  Having to watch it myself.
Not sure about futures (probably futures as well) but most brokerages will happily give you forex. They'll just take any position against you with the expectation you'll blow up your account eventually.
Oh yea, I’m sure
Yes they are right people will spend the money and a lot will go into rich pockets but some will go to those that are one the brink.of losing their jobs or company going bankrupt so it will boost the economy as a whole
TSLA going to 800 and people still shilling boomer EVs. Gotta love the markets!!!
Next week
"Elderly Florida Residents Camp Out Overnight In Line For COVID-19 Vaccine"

The vaccine is like the PS5 for old people.
Enough of 372!!!
No. Different investment objectives. Different planning horizons. Different risk tolerance.
[removed]
and like the others are saying, if you're being tempted by the cheaper premiums of short term options, I'd be hesitant. most prefer med-long calls unless you're in for a wild ride!!
Why?
I am going to be calling them to explain to me what is going on with an ARKG option call I made
Imagine having all the power in the world between your legs!
500 shares. 5 contracts x100 shares per contract. But he is not going to exercise them, he is going to sell them.
Maybe so in the long term if they can’t pivot. But have you researched what’s going on with GME right now with the new console cycle revenue, debt repayment, share buybacks, Microsoft deal, insane short interest and a very aggressive investor steadily buying up the float (also held by tons of institutions and our big short bud Dr. Burry)?  Because in the short term, all that is a bit more relevant than the macro trend toward digital sales. There may indeed be a comeback for them at some point. But for now? There’s a reason people are so jacked about GME around here lately.
To give it to the people selling retarded yolos. (The smart ones)
i think depends on how old. 7% if older and have a big base is fine. if you are in your 20-30s, then you're gonna want double digit pct.
I bought some zero day TSLA puts at close because I know it’s going to be red tomorrow and it’s time to put my money where my mouth is.
Still got money after a month, are you new here?
I’d let her spit in my mouth
I sold puts. So I get assigned that hot piece of garbage next week. Yay, me. 😬
Ask r/investing
We're all gonna make it brah
Stalk me hunny. I’m all about videogames. I care bigly.
I bet hand models are still hot.
I feel sorry to see you broke tomorrow
ALL HAIL THE KING
[deleted]
Great points. My only comments are:
1. Agree
3. Even if it's little it should be at 100% margin. They should create a division to gamble it on FDs.
4. Not sure the magnitude but on their website there are sponsored targeted ads now that weren't there previously before the make over.
5. As long as its digital first, omni-channel compliant.
what's an emergency fund? Is that the amount of remaining margin my broker will give me?
It's not a car company, it's the future of transportation.
If you want to be so pedantic how nothing is "free". Average people won't have to pay out of pocket for a vaccine shot.
Hahaha
[deleted]
poor hodor :(
Shares not weeklys anymore since all that fun got ruined.
I hope he gets well soon!
It literally has to. Weekly rsi is 92...

Then you dummies wonder why Mara goes down
[removed]
[removed]
If you truly understood fundementals, you would not believe this was a pump and dump. Dummy.
[removed]
And because there is both a buyer and seller, they have no 🐻 / 🐂 slant.
I would stay away if the earnings are coming out in jan then. premiums will be up then falloff a bit after. maybe try then.
Yea but it's for fucking EVERYBODY. 

Then employment rate is only 6.7%.

We didn't even treat debt with this kind of disregard during WW2. 

And don't come at me like imma goddamn newsmax redneck. 

This shit is just reckless.
They’re adding things they know can’t pass because they don’t want $2k, but want to look as if they do.
 Tesla average owner is just under 54 years old compared to 38 for other manufacturers. There goes that youth driven theory.
This is why I dont brush my teeth. Waste of time
https://www.instagram.com/tv/CJR6LviHFkd/?utm_source=ig_embed
Pullback likely coming soon it's getting to hot, but could go higher afterwards..
Hand models
or can you? 🤔  
**ALL IN ON NKLA**
They are right tho. People either buy iphones or lose it all speculating with calls. Who wins in both case: the rich.
Shilling and killing
Stop bragging.
I actually agree with you. I still don't plan to bet against it simply because of the masive retard strength that it has. But, I'll be looking to buy if it crashes enough. If it dips to like $300 maybe I'll touch it then
For literally choosing nothing all year mine was +45%.. didn’t change or make a single move.. it’s in 4 funds
Plz
exactly, it's basic supply and demand and this company is far ahead of all competition outside of china
[deleted]
No rest for the wicked...
M1 will give you 2% but I think you need >10k for margin. And no options allowed.

IB will give you even lower r8s but they also charge big boy commissions on things: https://www.interactivebrokers.com/en/index.php?f=46376
Where do you get your advice now? Also making gains in March was not difficult if you had the balls to gamble.
“I DaTe MoDeLs”
hope he is okay!
Who is the dude that said to buy CELH 3 days ago 😳😳
probs not broski
Congrats to Riot call holders. Beet rocketing 🚀🚀🚀
I hope this is a life changing amount for you and you weren't sitting on fat cash beforehand because I love seeing the little guy pull a rabbit out his ass.  Nice work
[deleted]
I think you’ll get a better entry in early Jan.  Wait to see how the Senate shakes out after the 6th.

Just my 2 cents
[deleted]
[deleted]
I don’t think it’s awesome, but if you ask any moron in finance they are going to say 7% yearly returns are absolutely, awesome.

I’m asking people who actually care, what would you consider a fairly safe but also reasonable gain amount? 15%? 20?
Love IB a shitton, agree with this guy that it’s awesome. Before you do move your money over, research their approach to margin calling. 

They give you extra margin call space during daytime and regT overnight ( unless you have enough for portfolio margin which is cool) but importantly THEY DO NOT DO MARGIN CALLS. if their auto-bit detects you over your allowed margin they will instantly liquidate your most liquid positions. You get  zero input. This is fine and I like it but it can be a nasty surprise if you assume you’ll have 24 hours to deal with margin calls. They will come in and swing their liquidation axe wherever they want. 

Know this and understand it well before you start with them. They have tons of free seminars explaining their system, it’s not a hidden trap and they do a great job fully explaining every bit of their calculations.
[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Heavy\_mineral\_sands\_ore\_deposits](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Heavy_mineral_sands_ore_deposits)

Many chemical mining companies like Chemours haul in REE as they are mining for other products, they then throw it away because they can't process it correctly.

[https://247wallst.com/commodities-metals/2020/10/07/american-resources-begins-sifting-coal-mining-waste-to-produce-rare-earth-elements/](https://247wallst.com/commodities-metals/2020/10/07/american-resources-begins-sifting-coal-mining-waste-to-produce-rare-earth-elements/)

Coal miners with rare earth in their product / mines.

You can go on and on if you actually cared to look. But it's basically exactly what I said: "Many companies mine ree as side products of their normal mining because ree are not rare."

I'm tired of this "conversation," enjoy bagholding this.
Based
[removed]
This makes me feel more hopeful, thank you.
pins, -371.90M. yikes
[deleted]
[removed]
Add a reoccurring revenue bundle to that and Subway moons to $900 billion.
Yes
Easy just buy red days and sell Green Day’s. I know it’s hard to sell on Green Day’s but seriously.
it's not instantaneous so it could have run up a lot already is one of the drawbacks
Ok boomer
Someone hack into this fucker’s bank account and distribute it to all poor people who needs it. Holy fuck ,this guy is fucking horrible.
Bert?
Ya I’m retarded 🤦🏻‍♂️🤷🏻‍♂️
Rich people tend to be much more concerned with low beta than high alpha.  Translation:  they tend to own super Boomer shit.
Who isnt
Triple circuit breakers tomorrow to close the year out 🤡🧨🤡🧨🤡
[deleted]
I think that's just reading disclosure reports?
It’s really not worth it, even ATM lately. You get Thetad
writing naked calls on tesla....you got some big balls kid. good luck to ya.
Immedjietly after u downloaded the app
[deleted]
[deleted]
Will my TSLA 675 puts print tmr?
[removed]
Is anyone still in PLTR?
Tmrws gonna be a good ass day
sending you and your family my prayers
Sorry to hear that brother. Hope he will be okay.
Sorry to hear that man. I wish your family, especially your dad, all the best. I hope he recovers alright.
[removed]
I got burned trying to wheel gme, huge swings. If you’re okay with waiting for a dip and don’t mind averagingg up
[removed]
Link
Thank you. He is old and has COPD from smoking since he was 14 so I hope it's a mild case, I haven't been able to see him all year.
Buying LEAPS on a China company could be a recipe for disaster tbh. So much shit could go wrong and fuck you out of all your premium
[removed]
Pleas com bak
Oh, the 1rony
Plays or ban 😤
Thanks for all the info and congrats. I'm curious how does exercising work if you don't have the $20k?
I love breaking even after staring at a monitor for a while trading day

Positions: baba, tak, nvax, sq, arkg, fdx
Ya know, if data caps start to become more commonplace in the US that would actually be super bullish for GME
Depends. TA based on historical data is actually really useful. Red candles on MACD always mean oversold and never overbought for once. On the other hand, crayon-based TA is just retarded
I don't mean it's an EV company mainly, I was bullish before they jumped on the EV train (even though it's what makes a quick run more probable).

NKLA is a quack. BIDU has been around longer than tsla and nio combined, it's a legit tech company with many ventures.
The worlds gonna end in 20 years, you might as well live them happily
If that does happen, then yeah. Most of the mofo's here talking about 🐻s being fudge-packing traitors would jump ship with zero remorse too.
> The response was “so you know how you keep losing money on retarded option plays? They’re the ones the get it”. It was that moment I knew I need to switch to theta gang. 

Until the market crashes, then they're the ones holding all the bags for the people who used options to hedge as intended, or the tenacious bears.
Time to buy BABA calls was today.  Gap up tomorrow. $245-253
You might lock yourself into 100% gains instead of 2,000% gains finding the next TSLA
[deleted]
PINS guys. Look at the volume on february 19 $70 calls. 20k contracts traded today. as compared to just 100 (yes, 100) puts at the same expiration. Big money making moves??
[deleted]
Stop using the term pump and dump when you have no fucking clue what it means
Anyone see the guy on tiktok that talks about how you can use certain sites to see what stocks rich people are investing in? Anyone have any thoughts on doing this? Because it seems like just copying rich people’s stock choices would be a get rich quick scheme thats too good to be true
[deleted]
All hail Zorp
Pretty lame tbh. Not enough people were interested in saving the internet ☹️
Is vxx free money or no?
“We are going to revolutionize the sandwich, rebrand as Subway *Technologies*”
[removed]
[removed]
A nationwide lockdown would not trigger another market crash
It’s green for the week and the month wym
Who tryna run a train on AOC
Sell 5 contracts at the 20 delta strike every week, 5 weeks out (35 DTE.) You'll have 5 contracts expiring every week so you won't have all your shares called at the same time if F goes up far enough. In theory 20 delta has about a 20% chance of being ITM. If your shares get called away, rotate in selling 5 put contracts at 20-30 deltas until you are assigned and buy back your 500 shares.

You'd start with the 2/5/21 10 calls @ 0.13. You'll collect $65 per week if the prices stay consistent.

F is too low priced to sell shorter dated expirations IMO. I would also just sell these and forget them. There's no adjustments you can do with a 13 cent option.
Probably just your internet tbh
Suggest calendar spreads
Fuckin' A
Tomorrow is either going to be a sell off before the long holiday weekend, or a quiet trading day
[deleted]
Sorry to hear that dude. I hope he pulls through.
The also want to protect big corporations from covid lawsuits but want to pass 230 which will.... Fuck over big corporations
[deleted]
Tax harvesting pussies
... bottom?
Go full retard, buy out of the money April carnival calls/GME weeklies
[removed]
This is my story
[deleted]
More people selling than buying
Baba going flat tomorrow.
[deleted]
it's over, going to have to find an exit like slack
thanks bruv. i'll ask her to come over after dinner. that way i can save the cash for trading.
I went from 7k to 98k back in March and after i hit 50k i just stopped reading this sub. Came back a month ago. I felt like it was full of 20 year olds with 5k accounts and demos  saying DD blah blah blah. Subs good for laughs but not advice for sure
Sorry to hear :( Wishing him a good recovery!
AH action😍
Grimes is mine
FSD. The only way to drive 🤷🏼‍♂️
Yea, I'm very familiar with using in the money covered calls / puts to limit downside. TSLA is gonna break. Maybe sell the news on deliveries. Maybe general market sell off. But it will break.
[removed]
I see no negatives to buying NIO and Apple LEAPs, looking for downsides
[deleted]
That’s why you sell puts and watch it trade flat while theta works for you.
https://youtu.be/_Q8bwhAW2Mg
Lizard people? Zuckerburg?
That’s the worst. Why you gonna match with me and not answer back. Lmaooooo.
God speed.
Please let me shares in moderna know this
Can’t hear you. I don’t speak broke.
dont have any
Biden has already said he wouldn't do that but that doesn't necessarily mean it won't happen.
Holy shit, you're right. 19,000 february calls volume, just a few hundred on puts/same strike.

Big money knows something is happening here. I'm in for a call
why is 7% awesome? that's worse than SPY's average annual return.
This made me laugh way too hard. The smile on the dollars face really gets me
[removed]
It’s not. Dummy
[deleted]
The guy is giving awards one of richest person here in wsb and he definitely don’t like that guy
[removed]
Calls on JPM. I'm being responsible and using my stimulus check to pay my auto loan. 😎
Bears in here: OMG EVERYONE SELL SELL SELL NEW COVID AND AND ANDDDD AND UHH ITS BAD SELL SELL. Everyone with a brain: Priced in you 🌈 🐻
Results may vary
MSFT is bleeding slowly, but I don’t know why?
Damn dude you just went all in with 100k and didn't even take profit on a 25percent gain on a fucking weekly. Yes you belong here.
Lol if you think Biden is that progressive
Clean your ceiling fans
TLT 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀

stimulus maxed out for a while

economy anemic

rates will go negative

ThE DoLlaR is WeAk sentiment climaxing

TLT shorts starting to unwind a bit

Steven Van Metre on youtube still wearing the BondKing Crown the walls have held lol
loolll
What would you say is a reasonable % to get on your retirement account if you weren’t a giant pussy that thought ~7% is awesome
I make too much for stimmy. Stinks
Save the sushi for tomorrow. Calls on you getting laid.
Bidu?
Also smh u need another 6 shares of psth
What are you holding?
I love that the nathan for you memes are catching on
Watching the senate debate from earlier today some of the old fucks are retarded.... One reason used for not giving stimulus checks "it will help rich people"
😂😂 what a fucking loser
Ban
Yeah tbh it just doesn’t seem like a great investment.  But I want all the retards even the bears to make money so if they’re in it I hope it works for them
[removed]
📠📠📠
[deleted]
Our world is moving digital. Cant you see the social conditioning? Or is it just my strain of autism that shows me what is going on?
you think those are nice dinners?  hm it's probably not fraud if i make up a company just for the SPAC dinners.  i'm thinking olive garden
Buy RIOT
Yeah, it sounds suspicious
Bro are you me 😂😂😂😂
and R states such as florida are likely still under reporting.
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/National-Meet2131 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Why do you look so dirty?
Stocks
You know where you asked that question right?
[deleted]
a new player has entered the arena
I get zero matches on Tinder that actually reply back after I send a message 🤷‍♂️
$XLE CALLS! IM BEGGING YOU! GET RICH WITH ME!
agree. im confident in the company however there are issue that must be address, they cannot build in a weak online foundation. hope Cohen really taking over.
lol yeah they're "Free." Government isn't paying billions for them
If you lose money on ARK you literally have gone full retard.  Congrats.  Shit isn't meant to be held for 72 hours.
I'm gonna go buy some sushi and then eat it. Then I need to clean my apartment. Have a date coming over tomorrow night for drinks so gotta clean up!! getting laid would be a nice way to end 2020 and bring in 2021.
You are in a thread talking about something you don’t care about. Do you see me in a PTSH thread saying stripe isn’t financial service it’s software? 

You read an article about how an industry GameStop represents is bigger than SPORTS and MOVIES. America’s past times... and said it’s not esports... that’s all you got. My bad i should have said video games you fucking nerd
Lmao I think GME goes against her entire sexy ass thesis, otherwise she would for sure be in that bitch
Let’s not get carried away here
Dude I do t think you realize how many people are wiped out of investing forever after those loses
mara is diluting the pool sadly
[removed]
Just gotta pick the right direction
Lol if true that's pretty lame
Sure, but just posting that “Cathy sold Tesla” without realizing there is a 10% cap imposed on any one stock inside the fund gives very misleading ideas to people.
oh.my.yes
ICLN calls are the way
Crash or rally?
Not as big as it was. I yanked some out of mine to buy JETS after March. No ragrets.
Theta gang selling covered AMD calls. Literally can’t go tits up.
[deleted]
TA is astrology for trading. Thots?
spoken like someone used to getting minimum wage. theyre just built different!
Great write up but you should really break down acronyms the first time you use them, asshole
No that’s why I said imagine
2% taking into account hedges
don’t lie bruh we know you smashed it’s okay
weird isn't it?
Can you plz simplify. I no understanding
Hmmmm
Anyone wanna play cars on his head?
[removed]
yup, you can only over promise and under deliver so much, people have given him more leeway than anyone else I can think of, but that good will will turn on him quickly.   


This happens with every bubble that exists, the initial run up mania predicts the future, but you always inevitably go through a massive shakeout phase and then a more gradual healthy rise over the following years to decades as the future comes to fruition.
[deleted]
This level of maff makes my brains hurt. 

Is there 🚀 or no ?
BULL Ackman gonna SPAC with Bumble ;)
How is this even possible
Damn rip 🪦
Literally nobody on WSB cares whether GameStop is around 5-10 years from now. This is all about whether they can show any semblance of competency in the next 6 months to scare off the massive shorts.
Didn’t know about HIMX, watching now thanks
I thought his little ass was wearing a goodburger hat
Gimme his name
Buy SLV calls or shares
Lol his motive was actually being pissed off about data caps on home internet
Can we still get the pics of your mom feet? Sorry, forgot my 🚀🚀🚀’s!
[deleted]
Google is one of the most popular companies in America every year for the free services it provides. Twitter isn't real life. Partisans drive angst against tech companies but it isn't reflected in polling.

&#x200B;

[https://morningconsult.com/most-loved-brands-2020/](https://morningconsult.com/most-loved-brands-2020/)
Twitter has the funniest people man... lmaoo
Your grandma's pension
You lost a few panko crumbs on the outside of a tendie. But yeah, to answer your question, rh will give you tax documents.
I would wait it out until mRNA treatments have proven successful and that this tech can pivot to other diseases, not just vaccines for infections (although that’s still pretty huge) before getting in. 

Not many large pharmaceuticals are doing much in house with it yet and it may be easier to acquire or fund these companies than start this line of research from scratch.
That’ll print
Mooning. Gapping up 20% tomorrow
Holding many June VIX calls / 150 shares
[deleted]
Don’t fucking sell it, the first ones always free so if you never sell it’s an infinite money glitch. Buffett learned this with coke that’s why he is who he is, your only option is to execute, take out a loan if you need to
Mom hired a financial coach. She was tired of hearing “YOLO on weeklies make or break” as financial advise
thank you
Pleas don’t crash again
How much is small?
So buy EOD and sell at 0930 the next day?
Talked to a chick off hinge for a week or two and right before we met up she was like “i don’t know if it’s a deal breaker but I’ve got herpes”

Thanks for telling me, but yeah, that’s a deal breaker.
I’m selling all my ARK funds. I can’t believe I fell for her pyramid scheme. How can I trust someone that doesn’t own GME?
ok got it. thanks
[deleted]
All I read was live in prostitutes for 100-200 each/month
Time to RIOT
The new consoles have cheaper digital options, which take away the physical game market conpletely away from a steadily declining gamestop. There is no comeback for them. Their decline is evident and steady.
I almost bought AMD calls and not ARKG, glad I didn’t.  She is just that, backup mom, she has not been giving tendies to her children lately.
What the fuck happened to Mara after hours
Fucking go up another 17%
agreed it needs to get back to 40 asap
Ark(g), Mvi(s), Laz(r), arj(d) just became Lockheed’s space division, np(a)
Six months salary.
Puts usually cost more than calls.  Bigger drops just happen quicker than gains usually
Bruh I can't unsee Rudy Guliani in drag

https://imgur.com/JEOQlKd.jpg

https://imgur.com/TxNnUhX.jpg

https://imgur.com/Yal5QgJ.jpg

https://imgur.com/hvk5EVz.jpg
[removed]
RIOT
Maybe he should also stop doing drugs
POSITIONS GODDAMNIT
It’s like console manufacturers selling direct to consumers. They could, but won’t.
Since when are you holding?
Their youtube pieces have been really good and Cramer is always great, a mixed bag I think. They been all over evs/alt energy taking over, fintech. Their non cramer/good guest segments all suck but the prepared pieces are pretty interesting.
Good call on PLTR.
[removed]
[removed]
Debating PLTR or GME tbh. I know they’re meme stocks but idk leaps might not be bad
Calls because they know how to ignore the retards
FB and BABA calls tomorrow - strike date 2/19/2021

Stock Trader's Almanac entry for Dec 31 2020 says 12/31/2020 will likely be red. 

NASDAQ down 15 of last 19 (but up 29 years in a row 1971-1999)
https://twitter.com/BNODesk/status/1344437618847723521?s=19

U.S. COVID update: Nearly 3,900 new deaths

- New cases: 224,638
- Positivity rate: 14.4% (-1.3)
- In hospital: 125,220 (+534)
- In ICU: 23,069 (+231)
- New deaths: 3,884
- Vaccinated: 2.6M (+461,982)
- Data: COVID TP

Note: Inconsistent data and reduced testing due to holidays
Mildly disappointed
AUT of the year!
I am so proud to be a part of history
SELL THE DIP!!!!
Any of you dirty mofos thinking of puts in case Biden institutes a nation-wide lockdown and triggers another March?
Won't know until do taxes and take it in the nuts for converting a big ass IRA to Roth.   Have lots in bank right now just in case to cover.
[deleted]
Imagine a girl swiping left on you on Bumble but matching you on Tinder 

She just wants to fuck but you no good enough to be her boyfriend 😭
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/National-Meet2131 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Can I have some of your Adderall?
Plot twist: he’s actually a member and this was his plan all along for that extra push. GME 🚀🚀🚀 (if not, his wife’s porno’s already in the making)
LOL 🤢
R.I.P. MaryAnn
Very nice
Source ?
Need more DD
You may want to consider selling some spreads on the higher strikes against it to offset.
Unfriendly reminder that instead of white knuckling GME, PLTR, steel/tanker/PRPL/RKT whatever other bullshit, we could all be having a RIOT right now with 10% days. In shares. Rant over. Back to jacking off smol PPs to unrealized gains.
I suppose it won't let me put the ticker on here because of bots. It's the most interesting play I've ever seen in a microcap. Real WSB kind of reward potential, but remarkably solid on fundamentals. https://www.reddit.com/r/pennystocks/comments/kknkud/aitx_dd_for_december_2020_warning_longish/
What is this emergency fund you speak of. Is it some kind of etf?
[removed]
Props for using a real broker. I think covered puts would actually be a worthwhile option here.
Earnings before market opening on Jan 7th
AMD leaps are still cheap
I just started following it, it is currently extremely overbought so I am waiting for a bit of a pullback. I will probably buy the 2022 leaps at that point. I don't think anything is a certain 5x in the 2-3 year period to come lol. So many stocks have priced in years of future growth this year.
And what if gme MOONS to 30? Yeah a mini sell off will happen and bring it down to 25ish but the idea will be to watch it go to 26, sell at the peak, have it go back to 23s or so, reload April or December depending on when this happens could happen next week or could happen the 11th with the news who knows.

The point is having some calls for April wouldn't hurt for a potential flip or for all we know it goes past 30 to 40s because the higher this goes the more the bears have to cover their positions by buying back their shares this creating a upward spiral effect itll be beautiful. 

I'm personally 70% all in , the rest is crsr 

Good luck
Will 💩🪙 break $30,000 tonight?!

#RIOT MARA
The elites want the working class to have no capital, no equity, just labor. Cheap labor.
Oh boy, can’t wait for SPY to open up 50 cents then bleed all day
Any news will cause it to jump massively and possibly the elusive short squeeze , don't worry about these small dip days, can be reversed easily in one day.
200+ years back you up.  Stonks go up long term always.
say the name of this uranium company then because you haven't cited anything yet. you are literally just pulling shit out of your ass with literally zero basis behind it.
[deleted]
Unless there’s a crazy run up one day, I plan to hold until right before ER, where I’ll unload some closer dated calls to avoid IV crush. If it hits something crazy like $60+ by the end of February, though, I’ll take my money and jerk off happily. Thanks for the support my man
I haven’t actually tried that... not a bad idea
*I AM SPEED*

-nikola, definitely
Most of the noise on this sub is extremely short sighted. I’ve found if you have a play you really like you can use the sentiment here to help you buy dips or find a good entry.
Buying Pinterest (PINS) for dat reversal
🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
BA:

&#x200B;

737 pleas fly again
Woah you sold $250!!? Congrats!!!
 $35.   bought in late october and early september averaged @ $8.70. They were far OTM at the time.
[deleted]
To be fair neither could I
Really need AMZN and FB to leave the atmosphere tomorrow 🙏🙏🙏
always been a lagging indicator here
[deleted]
Heard wins this time
You must love being a 🌈 🐻
I‘m doing that with CSP and CC. Sell the CC when it’s above 27 and buy them back around 25. The other way around with the CSP.  

It‘s not much but better than throwing my money at ridiculous calls.
Honestly could be a play, people like the movies and going out to them.
GO BIG OR GO HOME

Oh the irony...
Thus sayeth the Lord
Give your mom my number. I’ll help cover the loss.
Agree - TSLA will do just fine and even great over time. But right now people attribute everything to TSLA, realistic or not. I bet most retailers attribute Spacex' success to TSLA as well. 
Funny when TSLA made projections a year or two years ago, he was already projecting much higher levels in 2020 yet people forgot and now 500k become as if it's amazing. No it's not amazing at all in the grand scheme of things and where your stock is trading at.
No idea what this means but ok.
lmao CNBC news saying the nashville bomber believed in lizard people
Your username is the answer
strictly offline raids and 24/7 roof camping
Stepmom bc I wanna fuck her
I’m shoving this $600 stimulus straight up Citron‘s ass. PLTR  $30c 1/8
$30,000 party cheers to $50,000 and $100,000 soon 🛥🛥🛥
You will never financially recover from this.
I think Im going to move funds from other brokers over after the new year to IB just for the margin interest rate. RH is low at 2.5% but I don't trust them, tbh.

Saw your positions... Good call on the OTM JMIA calls!

27k in commissions.. that's shit ton of trades! Congrats... And fuck you!
If i could empty my bank account to bet the fundamentals of section 230 will stay law, i would. much safer bet than the google calls. there might be some temporary tweaks but it won't change in a way that will negatively effect Google, FB, Twitter in the long run. 230 repeal means the sites would shut down. There would be riots.
https://youtu.be/NWHXo3clywk
Cool story. Ban.
Dunno. I got 7 day ban for saying 🥭's catchphrase lol
[deleted]
[removed]
I want to short ATVI for how shit Cold War is
Man that hotel lobby iphone "theft" vid y'all. Calls on AAPL - bitches be crazy. *I CANNOT LIVE WITHOUT MY PHONE*
Su Bae is still backup mom though
Why the actual fuck are you asking me? I’m not the one who thunk up this absolutely retarded meme. 

You sir, belong here. Just not in the participating kinda way.
Why the hell is he considered a legend
I watch ICLN but I don’t see it growing 5x in the next year or two do you?
Riot 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
[deleted]
Someone clearly converted all their gme stock into Reddit gold
How big is everyone’s emergency fund? I got blue balls with 30K in my HYSA just sitting around earning 0.50%. 💀
PLTR

Or 

5K on cathie's ARKs
[deleted]
Look for another pump from fintwit. Fubo is a perfect example
my HIMX leaps are up super bigly, I cut a few of them today tho
This- only reason i stayed away- oops. Shouldnt have
Don’t tell me what to do
🤚
lost 45 thousand dollars this way. but dont worry. my next loan of 10 thousand is sure to turn things around
He’s done acquisitions his whole tenure at CRM and all of them have worked out. Market acting like he has a bad track record when it’s totally the opposite but yeah generally investors do not like acquisitions so the stock is being punished
You are a moron. The uranium company is the only one with a functioning ree mill in the USA, it's a uranium mill that they have retrofitted to process rees and obtained supply deals with other miners for the input product. You would know this if you did actual dd on the field.
Soothsayer proclaimed a holiday sale. So here we are. It aged like a fine wine 🍷🚀🚀🚀
Lol @ you thinking they aren’t cutthroat capitalists. None of your DD is wrong btw, I think your summary is great and it’s a good bet but they are no less cutthroat or capitalist and arguably in some ways worse than other companies because they play along enough to get support of people who buy into all this.

It’s why they’re our future government.
MOM JOI OR BAN
lol.
[deleted]
Nice
[removed]
[deleted]
I'm fuk
[deleted]
*thrusters, engaged*
281-330-8004
A dollar investef today is worth more tomorrow
[deleted]
haha relatable
To be honest I really like the RNA vaccines. Less chance of random integration. They just need to be designed in a way that doesn't allow the virus to grab the engineered parts of the vaccine. DNA vaccines will also work, I just think they come with more long term risk(still low likelihood <1/200K).
This week has fuxked me
People on this sub are too retarded to read.
[deleted]
not really.
Yeah. Just making sure his grappling hook is loaded.
BABA is cheap right now but I’m weary of Chinese stocks. Also I’m looking for a stock that is suuuuper cheap and hasn’t really taken off yet. Like PLTR for example but prob not actually PLTR lol
ark
[deleted]
you are a fucking autistic genius to compare it with that 🎯 hell yeah
[deleted]
Canned food
Taxes, Death, and BEARS R FUK
FCEL. No particular reason other than some twitter pumper said it was going to $20 soon and I've been watching it since it was at $.33
Tomorrow/Monday should be interesting
Don’t spend it all in one place ;)
Just quit being a pussy and buy GME calls
I WAS ANGRY YESTERDAY, BUT THESE CAPS HAVE ME CONVINCED SINCE I RECOUPED HALF MY LOSSES.
> I’ll be fine it’s just stressful not having cash atm

I’ll buy it from you for 50k.  Venmo?
Name doesnt check out...
Nobody tell him. Also ban
GE has more debt than like half of the states. They are a dinosaur fossil.
[removed]
DR PP was right about TSLA.. easily $1294
bro please do an ounce of research before chatting bullshit. Here since you ignored the other post I mentioned: this is an article, one of many articles, that clearly says MP is the only operational ree mine in the us.
https://www.nytimes.com/2020/08/14/us/politics/rare-earths-american-companies.html 
and what is this OZ company you speak of because you havent mentioned their actual name once.
Timeless.
No comment
Weird flex, but OK 👌
SEC filings over the last couple of days. Lots more shares coming to market (think end of lock up?). Expecting it to drop in the next 7 days
[deleted]
I’m not a TSLA hatter, but the hype is 10x the level of cyberpunk, and the eventual let down will be just as massive. Musk has spent years building hype, and even though he’s delivered tons of progress, it’s setting up everyone for disappointment that’ll tank stock.
Nice cock
[deleted]
This is literally the way...
Give me joi
Taiwan isn’t part of China, it’s its own independent country  ;)
Shut ur filthy mouth. You have no idea wtf u talking about you gay ass bear
not really. maybe a 5 bagger if you held thru it all cuz the IV is so high.
Ban.
Alas, I have finally found you 😡.  Margery, prepare a spot on the mantle for the head of the paper-towel bandit comes home tonight!
Why does Walmart even need a twitter. All these corporations really. Its just people complaining and asking for refunds and then dumb interns accidentally positing political shit potentially hurting brand. I see no value in it at all
Yeah, their online presence, though improving, is still mostly garbage at this point. Time for a change. #WeWantCohen.
[deleted]
He's a cuck
Swinging 

300 PLTR 1/8 28C .45 cent cost basis
10 BABA 12/31 237.5C 2.60 cost basis
Time and time again the market ignores bad news, it’s crazy.  5-10% correction is likely, but more than that??? Hard to see.  Gonna take another liquidity crisis or a solvency crisis or a violent fatal Covid strain to change medium term sentiment.  My best bet is a string of super bad earnings across multiple sectors, maybe summer or fall.
[deleted]
[deleted]
I agree, sadly. I can tell someone is working the site recently but honestly it should not take this long. It almost feels intentional. 

I'm a firm believer in the opportunity this company has but they need to pick up the pace.

I have confidence they will get it fixed.
In at 93.84 for 10 shares. Yes I’m poor. Praise Cathie Bae!
Too vanilla, ban!
CATHIE WOOD CERTIFIED NEW MOM OF WSB. FUCK OUTTA HERE STEP MOM SU.
Niiice
[removed]
Fubo gang still getting eviscerated after hours
The wizard of loneliness
ive been sneezing for an hour straight. very bullish for tomorrow
**Yes. Shares held will make price go up**
----------  
  
  
*quote from a post earlier in the day* 

I love all of you retarded motherfuckers.
As I understand it, they don’t actually own most of their physical locations, they lease them. So they basically will be closing stores as the leases expire.
Its sad how this sub only bullish on days when the stock jumps up... like you missed it. Don't fomo into buying high.
Only listen to retards.
Two 600$ checks?
BABA, CRM, or BB come to mind.
renewable energy in Biden admin- TAN or ICLN take your pick.
It probably won't for 10-15 years with all this stimulus propping it up, unless another country calls in debts or we go to war and everyone panicked, it'll be business as usual imo
Where do you think it’ll stabilize in the next 3 months? 25k? Drop back down to 20?  Or do you see it continuing to moon?
[deleted]
Oh think they would. If needed. As a deterrent to others. BABA is not their biggest company. Taiwan is their biggest company. It’s being harshly punished.
😂
[deleted]
Couldnt the consoles themselves do that tho?
[deleted]
https://i.imgur.com/6y5NEWT.jpg 
A couple more weeks
Imagine being forced to sell something bc it just keeps going up lmaoooo
Holy shit I foretold my first gold. I am humbled and honored 🥇🤝
Nobody tell him

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Yeah, if you bought calls for beginning of Jan/end of dec you’re retarded.
how do u get these updates
From their own website they claim they do have dealerships and service centers, just not many.  I doubt they're driving to middle of no where 150 miles from a service center to handle an issue.   More likely is they'll say bring it in and we'll look at it.

However, a Ford dealership and service center is a mile away.
STOP BUYING OTM WEEKLIES, WTF
Like I said, I hope it's before the 15th so I can look like I'm making something. But if not, I'm good til May. God speed!
[deleted]
I totally do think TSLA will tank hard. Wait for the earnings - and I think regardless of the results. I would say TSLA will finish 2021 lower than 2020. Time will tell.
or you can just tell us how etf balancing requirements work
Spy bears how we feeling
[deleted]
I like them both respectively but I like chick fil a because their nuggets and lemonade
This is what happens when ESRB changed Feather from M for Mature to E for Everyone: autists like you get cucked. Sad!
Crispr, invitae, edit. One of the genome names.
AMC
Not if bitch McConnell has anything to say about it... which he does depending on Georgia
If you had bought puts on FUBO you’d have been rich.
Jokes apart the original video is so fucked up I cannot determine if it's like 3rd degree hilarious or freaking sad.
1. GME missed the boat on digital game downloads which is currently dominated by Steam (3/4 of the market, give or take) with Microsoft and Sony moving into that space in the future once they go full digital. Not to mention Apple. This is a terrible scenario for GME. 

2. Good point but this won’t last long

3. This digital revenue sharing agreement is minor (only includes Xbox All Access) so won’t affect revenue much

4. Don’t know what extra revenue streams they can generate from this data

5. Cohen’s ideas for trading in games online is flat, but  the streaming options are good.

If GameStop closed all their physical stores or spun them off as franchises and went full digital it might turn things around. That said, I’m long on these fellas
Yes
WHY the hell is every body here such a retard expect ing Stocks to lightspeed to another solar system?! Ever heard of god damn fucking long term bruh?
Rich fucks will do anything to reduce taxes, they hate the tax man!
has it gone super saiyan or something
What part of 'stonks only go up' did you not understand?
Because Marc benioff overpaid for an mIRC clone by about 30 billion dollars
How much have you lowered your cost base?
they ded (respectfully)
[deleted]
The CCP was never going to harshly punish their biggest company, breaking them up was never even on the table it was all show to reign in control and remind them who’s boss.
Palantir to the moon
Holy shit he’s a wizard
PSTH fix the fucking title!!! Other than that, great meme
I hope y'all got in on that ARKG Dip.

*checks cost basis*

ahh, ok.. so I got in before the dip...
I'm in long positions right now (a few calls, some stock), just expecting to find a decent exit point within the next month or two. If you're going to go for puts you'd want to wait until you think it has mooned a bit more to maximize potential gains - assuming you think you know how it will play out.
Jeez and here i am worried about my 250 calls.
I’d like to think of it more as enabling degeneracy.
“from -600$ to 4K after losing 600$ in stupid trades I manage to strike gold by YOLO’ing all my money on GME...” FTFY

Loose - (pronounced loos) not firmly or tightly fixed in place; detached or able to be detached.

Lose - (pronounced looz) be deprived of or cease to have or retain (something).

Have an upvote!
[deleted]
For real - where he at?
🥸
I was down voted but I was right and now I'm looking for an entry.
I’m done doing short term options. The post here about the dude with TSLA leaps has inspired me. Just gonna sink 5K into something I think has great potential. Anyone got any ideas what that could be?
Yes but don’t forget the compounding! HUGE difference
ok coomer
Booooo
It shoots cum!
Thanks u/FudgieThaWhale some of the best OC I’ve seen lately, it’s winning me likes on Facebook but I captioned it “our stimulus checks”
Edit:also I made sure to include your credit
It’s way overbought right now. But I agree, and made over 100k last month from it
https://www.nytimes.com/2020/12/30/business/economy/600-dollar-stimulus-check.html

These stimulus checks are going straight to Robin Hood
Any opinion on DNA based vaccines?
Pinterest is COCKED and loaded for a reversal

\- 1.5 million worth of Feb calls traded TODAY

\- just reached ATH followed by 4 big fat red days, now trading 10% below ATH

\- monster earnings coming up fueled by holidays + stay-at-home

\- lots of room for international growth (much more so than the big social media companies) + all the beautiful fundamental DD 

get in TMRW before tax-loss ends and it reverts back up to $70

if you're reading this, congratulations
that guy is so cringe. he also has tiny hands
Pfizer calls are retarded. Vaccine stocks don't benefit much since they are supposed to be free. They peaked at $45 in the year 2000.
I did the same for a little bit.  Haven’t had a losing trade since though.....fingers crossed that I can keep going
You're probably right for the short term momentum looks to be drying up a bit. But GME is like a roach it will come crawling back you can't kill it.
crspr is technology for gene editing
That day it dipped to ~$160 when some news station posted someone died in a self-driving tesla. News spread like wildfire and my $$$ grew like wildfire
Puts on Fultz dude is overhyped
I mean it still hasn’t hit if it was Friday Thursday expiration you might have still got fucked
WeWork acquisition
29k do you believe in tinkerbell?
Not being funny, but the Jan one you might want to take profits on the next spike
[deleted]
It's been down.  If she didn't get in on the dip into the 30's, she missed out.
Cathy is a better trader than anyone who has ever been in this sub. As an experienced trader I trust her with a large part of my portfolio
MSTR & BATN Calls
Looks like it’s time to change your name, unless that is a minus symbol after
Graham Stephen has a vid with him that explains. Basically he used margin and lost so much that there was no way he could be expected to pay it all back so he worked out a price with RH
We welcome all sexual preferences. 😉
People who think Google will be broken up are idiots..  just like the boomers suggesting this - hate to put it so bluntly. If you understood how intricately interwoven their businesses are you would realize all of the impossibilities at this point. It won’t be happening, empty threats
How much money did u make today?
Duh
Sell weeklies, monthlies have been fucking me w/ this volatile ticker.
My wifes boyfriends father bought me a 3080 since he knows I wouldnt be capable to on my own. RGBs go brrrr
In this day and age having a terrible website is a company killer.  

SELL, SELL, SELL
Can we just keep Tesla at this price
He doesn't have the power to do that yo. And if he did very bearish on DXY
It's like Wall Street is obsessed with us or something.
Guarantee? Damn
Beet it flying past $29 k, $100 k by June 2021
I just keep buying every dip.
Hey, that's when I bought!
I used to work at a trading desk years ago. (I don't any more!) I can totally see the boomers sitting around and saying "let's hire associates to see what The Internet is buying, and then recycle that into our own research".
Google is basically a top tier VC firm. 150 billion cash on hand. I seriously can’t imagine a break nor would that really matter you’d just have cash flush hyper focused business machines running wild into the market. If anything googles size is hurting it’s ability to be a monopoly.
I spent hundreds of hours studying stock investments and market moves just to have my best performing investment of all time be a made up currency.
I assure you those feelings you have include some sort of regret
An OZ company already has a full supply chain under their control in the West and trades at way more attractive valuations than meme stock MP.

This same OZ company got funding at the same time as MP from the US govt to establish a mill in the USA. A US uranium company already has a mill in the US and supply deals with US miners.

"Zero competitors as of now in america" is misinformed at best.

I don't see how you think a "high margin product" is just going to magically be cornered by a single miner who will prance their way to a 100B valuation in "a few years." Your "DD" is just a pump-n-dump because you bought this meme stock at a ath without looking at the competition.
Yeah, COCAINE MITCH!  
Republicans in gov't: bear partial responsibility for shutting down the economy and destroying the livelihoods of Americans over a mild flu.  
Also Republicans: "It's not the gov't's job to give money to people, that would be socialism! Pick yourself up by your own bootstraps!"   
\*Proceeds to give money to literally everyone else on the planet but the average American\*
Love Cathie but she should have bought PTON much sooner.
I laughed so hard I cried a little. Thank you.
Why not give me $25,000 ... if we are blowing our currency up - may as well of us get rich as piss before milk costs $60k
But not faces
Ayeeee!!!
i have some ATM feb calls, and some OTM July calls and OTM december 2021 calls. will i be okay?
Btw to everyone still bumming about stimulus just wait till Biden is in office. Garuntee you everyone is getting like 5k or some shit
Yeah. And the little bears cubs here arrogantly thought we turn a blind eye  to the economic problems and what not. But we are just the ones who fully appreciate the awesome power that is Jerome's printers
AWW HELL NO
It's already a loan
Lol
She’s old
one google search and you would realize you are just spouting misinformation. Here. I'll do your research for you. Check out this article, one of many, that clearly says MP is the only operational rare earth metals mine in the US. 
https://www.nytimes.com/2020/08/14/us/politics/rare-earths-american-companies.html
$NVDA 11 600strk 031921
It's like a yoyo but better.
This is gold, thank you 😂
She’s truly got it all.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Bruh why is crm even down this much to begin with?
What happened to that guy that yolod slv 12/31 and 1/15
My girlfriends husband loves that sub
Are you the little turds left behind by the pooping monies?
Yeah so HBO doesn’t take it
Already in, would like to add more
[deleted]
Y’all before commenting on Cathy’s trades please investigate how ETF balancing requirements work.
Hmm.  Interesting idea.  Might look into this.
Cathie loving BIDU
Gme please fly again
Not easy.
And who the fuck voted his fossil ass back in?? No one. I’m sure he took money from dominion too. Burn in hell mitch
 You have no idea what crspr does do you
I had heard CO had it
Anyone bought a business on FE International, Flippa, or similar service? 

Thinking of diversifying some of these 2020 trendies into something a bit more concrete.
I think it's around 8 or 9
how long do you have to hold to get a warrant? i dont have any warrants but i held shares for a couple months i
Bro, UVXY is expensive as fuck to hold. If you expect a huge crash you're honestly better off holding far OTM puts on SPY or QQQ.
Which is probably why ARK had such a great last week
Colorado also.  Most likely all 50 states now.
[deleted]
I think ppl are somehow dissociating from what it is, we really buying into gamestop right now?
Popeye's has a hellvah sandwich. Chikfilet is good, but hyped up...
Ugh, I don't understand how you do this. I've only been here a month and even I got GME right =D.

Sadly, need another drawdown before I can get back in.

For real though, don't let FOMO drag you in and out at the wrong times.
Man, if only there was a way to have positive theta...
F  9c. GE. 11c. Jan 8.    Buy a lot.  Print a lot💰let’s print
I’m a Tesla shareholder, very proud
PLTR 🚀
>!reminder 15 days

!reminder 15 days
Solid move rn
Sucks getting the Nick Anderson yips.
That person was a moron. 0% interest rates plus vaccine roll out plus QE plus stimulus and they thought that all added up to a sell off?
Politicians: I think we should start to break up tech monopolies.

The Word: I think we should break up tech monopolies.

WSB: Yo, we should put everything on tech monopolies.
Targeted by 2 short selling firms
I read that as Metal Gear Solid.
Super rona has been there for a month.
Servants/ maids/ house helpers are very common in Eastern culture. Move to South East Asia and you can have like 5 live in maids at very little cost. Like $100-200 each/month
Xnxx @ me
I have 2k what leaps should I get? Currently got 2 $300c 6/18/2021 BABA
💩🪙 is the new 🥇
[deleted]
Well? How'd it go? You nailed AAPL but missed AMD
Looks like your portfolio isn’t the only thing that’s going to blow up
her beauty is all in her brilliant brain
Nope
This is why the board and management needs to be wiped. They can’t get a basic functioning site and app let alone one that can compete. Fortunately the right person sees the potential in an improved online experience.
YES. fuck ALL of them. Literally. Fire all of them. Hire monkeys and infants. They’d do a way better job
I’m betting on PTSH. Sitting out GME. 

Good luck converting that fat video game industry to esports, which you claim is bigger than sports and movies. My qualm is you cited an article that had fuck all to do with your bogus claim.
I need $1,400 more stimmy, I’m gonna get it next year for sure
Nailed it
you are obviously not from this world and are living under your shitty little Bridge with card board as blanket. do you even know what the fuck big data is you fucking retard
It's a boomer stock, bruh
Wait this page is all just reminders and zero actual ‘entries’?
I feel you. No p for my d as I'm solo dolo this NYE bc my parents are COVIDiots and I might be exposed. Rich people think they're invincible, common trait amongst them.
How do I join said theta club?
This whole sub was talking about CRM all of December. Not anymore. Time to go in
I legit eat ramen and vienna sausage on the regular.  OP must be Filipino.
How much we talking?
Bullish
I’d literally 🥜
Dont start this shit again
Saw your username and had to ask... did you go to riverside? Lmao
Maybe, but it's only because retail is fucking retarded. Musk promised 1 million robo taxi's by now, the fact that he is barely hitting an already sandbagged number is a joke if it pumps the stock.
That's right. Feed the bear even more so he doesn't even move.
PLTR pleas FLY again to $28-29
Why did they get beaten up so much today?
did I stutter???? Big green dicks only🚀🚀🚀
i love clogging toilets that arent mine
U bigay
This did not age well
This is too real. Life is depressing like this and I lose the routine of taking care of myself. It's retarded
positions or ban
I hope y’all bought calls on Markelle Fultz at the bottom. Been rooting for this guys since his days in Philly
[deleted]
I made more than he would in 500 years in a week, with one yolo call.
Couldn't sum it up any better. I'm gonna take a screenshot of this post and save it forever.
Stickers it is 🤷‍♂️
Stimulus talks will literally never end
Not true. It was a good learning year. He’s set for life with what 2020 has thrown.

Global pandemic

Lockdowns

Stimulus checks

Infinite QE

Presidential election

Trade war


My WSB brothers are ready for whatever
AI Intel Solutions...care to elaborate?
That's stupid logic. Why the fuck do they want to lock in profit now when stonks
shares please
Oh man. Mitch mcfagggle has a giant dildo lodged inside of him.
Listening to Cathie’s bullish stance on TSLA. 😩 Imagine if Mama Cathie and Papa Elon kissed? 😳🤤
[deleted]
We are gonna face fuck him like Paulson and Dimon face fucked Lehman. GME to 200.
Hopes for stimmy is better than the actual stimmy
Kicking myself in the nuts for selling Tesla 700c on Tuesday
Thank you for your service! I agree that 90% of success is in execution. Two doses makes that hard. However, I'd rather promote a vaccine I think has a better chance with less risk when given multiple options. I see the JNJ approach also requires two doses.
Red days illegal
[deleted]
Huh?
I was a skeptic because you don’t fuck with the CCP,  but it dropped low enough and the sentiment on China’s feelings for retribution changed enough that even I bought LEAPS yesterday.
I agree. But you forgot one really important fact:

Google made a $1 billion investment in SpaceX several years ago.  SpaceX may be the most important company of the next decade. If SpaceX was public it would garner fame and froth from degenerates never seen before.

https://www.fool.com/investing/general/2016/02/14/why-did-google-invest-1-billion-in-spacex.aspx

🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀

PS. Also buy BRK-B because they own $100 billion of AAPL.
[deleted]
The Super Rona in California now?
Maybe next time you'll over estimate me.

Wait thats already where I'm at.
Fair point as to government. In my native language the executive branch and government are synonymous

Your definition of fascism is incomplete and like in the video highly selective and would not even apply to Trump (e.g. citizen soldiery). You still omit key features as bring opposed to free-market capitalism, being opposed to liberal democracy (e.g. US political system in case you are still confused) and totalitarianism

Probably you are trolling me at this point but after literally claiming that authoritarianism is not a feature of fascism you act as if you are in the know

You really need more self-control and self-consciousness. I don’t try to win this debate and there is no point in being uncivil
How long does the f word get you banned for?
Damn
I'll share some of mine
Cathie will buy ABCL after it gets down from its IPO bubble
Why did he have to pay it back?? Lmao
She’s done awesome no doubt, but that is a blow off list if I’ve ever seen one.
A lot of dudes sitting in cash. Fomo is painful for them
Stocks despite the mee mee need to come down, its called consolidating and its healthy... It sets the platform of support to sping up further. 

💎👋S Retards, do you have them?
Holy shit.
Why all the arkg options end in .21 🤔🤔🤔
If Ryan Cohen can average up, so can I
(So what’s his average cost basis now?)
Cause stimulus doesn't matter it is going  up due to strong economic recovery
If your stocks and bank account keep going down, your final bet would be down too.
Someone said "last day before BABA" rockets!"

Almost convinced me to buy in except they didn't use emojis.

Short BABA, WSB confirmed.
Same fam. Same
Flair checks out
I don't like his face. I'm gonna buy me some GME 🚀🚀🚀 at market open.


E: thanks for the award kind stranger
You know that you've made it when you're invited to take a paid opinion survey that in the demographic section asks for the number of servants.

You know that you still have a way to go when you punch in 0.
Buy the rumor, sell the news
Are you hiring?
What comebacks? You’re a comeback!
Priced in
FUBU still getting clapped after hours
Absolutely correct
[deleted]
[removed]
Surprised we didn't get to hear all about your boat
Sell your car, invest in Tesla, buy a Tesla. It’s simple. Buy my course for only $400
Be safe my friend
Stupid. You ruined it.
where
Basically rich people cut their losses yesterday as it was the last day one can to offset Capital gains. Next week might have a big sell off, as everyone cut their losses with the losers yesterday, and will want to realize their gains from winners Beginning of Jan/tax cycle.
KamikaziCash, The Dyslexic Investor; they are pretty much channels dedicated to recaping WSB
MRNA might be dope once it starts to reverse.

As of now it's just another falling knife.
I run a licensed contractor and construction company in Massachusetts. I invest in my website, advertising, company equipment, machines, cars, trucks, and networking. I just got company bank accounts and have like 50k in a Schwab account right now trying to +1000% that shit
nice DD, google seems to be on a quarterly ladder up
Or everyone in this sub sold 2
Oh, it was you today. Thanks man, appreciated
TSLA if you want retarded hulk green dildo growth

ARKK pretty much the same but smaller & with a condom on
Hopefully the person behind the meme account isn't acting out their comment on GME or is prepared to hold their short position for an extreemly long time.
Not bad for 64 years old or whatever.
Whose money did you lose?
The dollar bill looks so satisfied to be running away from you
I hope it’s SpaceX. I’ll exercise the warrants and hold forever.
This guy didnt pass the vibe check
Yes if you are a retard and only trade FDs. Not even close if you're looking at 2+ years
Good man! The old head buried in the sand technique. 60% of the time, it works every time.
cool SHARES!!!
That’s actually 4 of us princes, using fractionals.
the third word in that sentence explains everything
I’m in this video and I do like it
To the moon 🚀🚀🚀
better not be bagholding, hope you realize leveraged etfs decay faster than a dead body on flat and red days
Gamestop and Palantir calls, and Artificial Intelligence Technology Solutions (small cap).
This is great. Thanks for sharing.
You fell for the flipper meme
Literally all anyone needs to do is learn to look at a chart. That's it. I stopped losing money immediately and am back to where I was before I found options in September.
Not dumb, buy weekly calls instead
uhhhhhhh.... maybe lol. i have strikes and expirys all over the map.
I am not here to convince you. If all you got from an article saying the video game industry is bigger than movies (that includes streaming) and North American sports (super bowl, NBA you know global games) is that it didn’t say Esports... place your bet
[removed]
Wow. They have announced a collaboration with Marie Kondo to sell cute containers to organize stuff. Should be huge.
Don’t know why you’re downvoted but please listen to me:
Learn everything you can about options *before* buying options. A lot of lessons in the market are learned the hard way, but options can be brutal if you don’t know what you’re doing.
Had 200 shares bought in at 28 sold half at 35 the rest at 48...then lost those gains on puts betting against spy in march-april
Would dump $700 more into PLTR, but the 3m shares purchased AH isn't a strong enough case for me.
Some went until July/Aug.  some are still on the sidelines.  When 👀 spy rip through 300, I fully converted
🤯
I have a little bit of F and Q
I'll buy some shares...
[removed]
Mad props
Finally someone talking about nio . It’s been boomin for 2 days and haven’t seen a single effin post
Middle Ages sex toy?
Really? No wonder why it's a dumpster fire.
We went up because of the potential for 2k stimmy

We continued to go up when that was rejected, cause now we can continue to have potential 2k stimmy
When HBOmax starts in europe, it is T Time 🫖🚀🚀🚀
I love ARKK. Bought at a bad time and my calls are recovering nicely.
Uranium is a completely different product with a  completely different purpose lmao, we are talking about rees used to produce special magnets necessary in electric motors, not talking about other rees which obviously other american companies are doing. You are right rees are not rare, but there are 0 active companies currently operating ree mines for the purpose of producing these special magnets.
ooh intersting choice. possibly the smart one.
Don’t underestimate the retard strength that this sub offers.  

More powerful than any investment firm - Cramer
[deleted]
Omg just googled imaged cathie wood 😩
There is a 1 hour delay fetching comments.

I will be messaging you in 7 days on [**2021-01-06 23:05:26 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2021-01-06%2023:05:26%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://np.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kncvui/i_sold_short_500_shares_of_tsla_today/ghjqe9c/?context=3)

[**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fkncvui%2Fi_sold_short_500_shares_of_tsla_today%2Fghjqe9c%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202021-01-06%2023%3A05%3A26%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%20kncvui)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|
SPAC will go below NAV if enough people want out in a short time, but it'll really just barely go below NAV
Well this is it, the end of 2020 and 99% of WSB finished negative 1y
ARK funds cant have a holding that weighs more than 10% of the portfolio. TSLA is already at 10% so every time it rips ARK has to sell to rebalance.
Whoops. Suggested C3.AI but apparently it's not founded by Google. Silly me.
crisper technolgy is different from crisper the company. anyone can cripser now.
Puts have a higher payout. Since stonks only go up puts are cheaper to buy.
Nice gains, one day we will do 500 contracts I'm sure. The last hour today was amazing!
[removed]
Lmao if you haven’t made any money this year you need to quit trading
The legends come here when they buy and then come back when they finally sell after bag holding for a long time. They aren't trading weekly options like the rest of us retards. They are busy with hookers and drugs
Get banned
Im actually on the exact same position as you, only difference is I sold 5 shares yesterday to take advantage of the SQ dip, bought shares and 2 calls expiring Jan15 and Jan29 already printing somehow. Current stake 12shares TSLA, 12shares SQ and the call options I mentioned before. 

Don’t get me wrong I’m a Tesla fan but I needed to give some love to other companies plus why the hell you bank 80% your portfolio in only one ticker.
Gotcha. Been holding since Christmas eve and its been a hell of a trade so far. Im way ITM on Feb calls
Sir this is a bakery
Only in the air tonight and I want to climax at the drum part
Sell off has been postponed to February now. Sorry dudes
Would love to find such a person.
Just say you work in domestic and international trading, and all your coworkers are retards.
Guess he got tired of eating dingus
F
[removed]
Look at who his treasury secretary is.
About to buy $500 more of GME but it hasn't dropped far enough to warrant averaging down.
If you really like the stock you can then just switch to CSPs to collect more premium, if it drops and you get assigned, you get the stock you wanted. Ideally go months without getting assigned so your eventual cost basis is driven way down(or you view that cash as extra for more shares or other plays)
What do you mean "borrow"? 

I think you mean "have". 

"~~CAN I~~ I CAN HAVE SOME CASH TO SECURE THESE PUTS TENDIE GOD"
Sir, this is the unemployment line.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Yeah sure.

So say you own 100 shared of company "x." It's a slow moving dividend stock. Moves a few cents a week on avg.

You can sell options using those 100 shares as collateral, in my case I want to sell a call and a put. There's no way they both lose me money haha. Anyway, you sell 1-2 strikes otm, since it's a slow moving stock you're prolly fine. And bc of that you won't get too much off of those options, maybe 20-30-40 bucks each, but you are selling 2, one call and one put (strangle)

So now, as price moves, theta decay means profit for you, assuming price movement isn't too wild. (obviously don't sell them during ER week, or at least sell before ER because it could blow up)

Eod Friday rolls around, you buy your now worthless options back for a dollar each (always buy back, some people can reach out to their broker and wait till Monday if I'm not mistaken, which could screw you)

Congrats, you've made some money to do what you please with, such as buy more shares and repeat.

This is commonly referred to as the wheel method. Plus you get dividends.
Nice
tmrw likely a low volume day. guess santa didnt come this year. 2020 been gay as fuck.
[deleted]
I sell CCs on mine, personally I’m ok with getting assigned because I’ve been in for so long and have collected enough premium. I’ll also make like a $7-8 per share profit if that’s the case
Crazy!
"What are options?" GUHH
uhhhh
Easy math!!!

Autists are always right!
Kinda wholesome
I’m coming 💦, my FEYE 24c 2/19 bought at the bottom printing
It's up like 90% over 3 months
Female Shep: RIP Stimmy 2k
BRB gonna put my life savings into the stock

All 300 dollars of it
Using then over than in this comment really hurt my brain
Just wait til you're addicted and start making bad decisions
Stay at home play
He certainly didn’t hire the people losing money shorting it some of which are now down 400%
I have no scientific background. I am ex army guy who studied finance. Here is what 2 years in Iraq taught me. Functionally wins. Logistics. Glock 17 9MM is the not best gun out there. But ever police department uses it be abuse its easy to use and affordable. I have applied this line of thinking to everything I invest in. 

The money is in what goes out to masses. Two dose vaccine is useless on large scale. Single Dose wins. 

Hearding Cats 🐈
Send a request to your wife's bf for a $2000 stimmy for your account. He should approved shortly. 🤑
Cock sock...
buying long dated options seems awesome. idk why the fuck you would want to sell these long of options. the person that sold you this contract had to agonizingly watch tesla climb and climb with no way out other then to buy their way out of it. that, and long dated options dont really seem to generate the same kind of capital that short dated does. i guess technically speaking long dated options have a lower chance to get exercised (e.g. selling 0.3 delta's every week for a year gives you a lot of dice rolls against you, while selling 1 OTM call at 0.3 delta expiring a year later is only one dice roll), but the huge reduction in premium relatively speaking doesnt seem all that worth it. I'd guess selling weeklies or 30-45 days out AFTER huge runs is a better strategy then just selling leaps
When does the short squeeze start 😅
Nice. Now come [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/investing/) to check out your new home.
[removed]
I appreciate your sacrifice so I may have an enjoyable Q4 earnings. They will not be in vain.
If you don't care for the stock too much and would rather invest the capital elsewhere, I would sell CCs 2 weeks out. You can do 25 contracts for .07 per contract at a strike price of $9.5 and collect $175 every 2 weeks. That amount will change depending on how much the premiums are worth. You can bet Ford has a low chance of reaching $9.5 within 2 weeks and collect a modest little sum just for holding it. Worst case scenario, it does reach $9.5 and you

a) collect your premium anyway

b) are forced to sell your shares at a profit

c) can now reinvest your money into a different stock
Same, everything I held today went up
100 ArkG shares or cathie woods OF and premium Snapchat lifetime membership?
They try to keep the a 10% position max so they sell when it goes past.
Yes trying to unload these bags....I mean Cathie to the 🌚🌚🌚🌚
You’re in gay gang
Amazon/FB/CRM. Don’t be stupid. Earnings are coming™️
Gotta cash in the profits for taxes, baby
Wait... that's why we are in this casino..
This is too complicated for me
Now it's 4.50 for 6 inches. Sad
Thanks bro
Probably got it from SimplyWallSt? That’s the only source I can see with 85x. Nasdaq says 25x.
Fuck me. And I don’t know, I’m actually pretty retarded.
[removed]
Oh 🥰
Selling ass behind Wendy’s?
https://ibb.co/XSkYPKF
Loeffler and Perdue knew he was gonna do this, that’s why they supported the bill to ensure it didn’t impact their runoffs.
Sell covered calls on a solid Green Day far out and 45-60 days expiry, gives some good premium but no need to wait till expiry, cash out on 30-40% gain.
Lol some girl on my FB is complaining how she didn’t qualify for stimulus but makes under $75k. Someone starts pressing her in the comments and she openly admits to committing tax fraud.
But how could one resist?
Feels like everyone and their mom has BABA calls here
GME LOADING UP IN THE A.M. 🚀🚀🚀🔥
Selling weekly calls to dummies or are you scared about an early spike?
Holy fucking fuck! I had Zero GME but tomorrow buying some just to support you Autists!!! Not kidding. I dont give a flying fuck if it goes to fucking zero or $1000.

Fuck that loser!!!! He said that we don't know what is a Junk Bond!!!!

&#x200B;

Hes is a fucking Junk Bond Gay dick in a suite mother fucking bear!

Pissed me off shitting on us!

BUY STOCKS NOT CALLS  - retards!
Seems like a good entry point.. think its found its new “low”
Lmao the good old switcheroo. Nice try bot👍
Shares for me my friend
They are now saying selloff in Jan lol
Wait...you guys can read?
Just rebalancing
All these guys are getting sold off to buy cruise liners and Chinese ecomm
You don't have to convince me that iphones are inferior to their competition, I already know this. My comment was tongue-in-cheek. BUT since you asked...
Apple offers security in regards to your data, a "luxury/premium" price point, and an "it just works" mentality with their devices. YOU *chose* to use an iphone, possibly for one of these reasons... Some people *choose* to be part of Gamestop's membership program, which, in the hypothetical scenario described above, would surely offer an incentive to use their platform to buy games (e.g. Amazon Prime). For example, if someone could get a game for $55 instead of $60, as well as accumulate points to use toward games and rewards in the future, on top of an aggressive buyback / trade-in offer, I suppose some people would. Just like some people would limit their access to the wider software market and give up their ability to use their own discretion in regards to apps and data in order to use an iphone.

Just because a specific model doesn't exist for *how* gamestop can operate its ecommerce, doesn't mean it would be pointless or unprofitable.
“Angel investors”
Congrats. Now be the perfect retard and celebrate early with a 2 week bender and let them expire while you're asleep in a Denny's parking lot.
That’s because you’re a sociopath
You can do that but General Cable was the company I mentioned, fuck you really are retarded.
[removed]
Let the bat fly baby
Lmfao this going portfolio looks like
It’s going to 0. Gl bro.
Gotta let the squeeze do it's thing. Too much FOMO will theta it...
I find that crude terminology offensive
@MemberSee on Twitter (Dr Patel's prodigy?)
Saw this a couple of times tbh.
Some people sell below NAV because dead money sucks. Just pick a quality management team and that won't be a problem.
[deleted]
Hydrogen is back on the menu retards
That's every day, baby.
Why is PFE always taking a big red dick every day?
You mean $104.21?
Ya... I guess you're right. 10k% gains would be nice.
300 🦇
Does -50% make the cut?
I remember someone saying there'll be a selloff in December. Thought it wasn't as bad as the June/September this was flat as fuck. Such a grind. Here's to hoping we moon on 5th.
Well I mean, they kind of are.
[removed]
Sir, this is a Wendy’s
I'm 27, on the verge of 28 in a couple of days. The girl is 30.
U r retarded. It wont because of more regulations and taxes. Jesus christ libtard
You bastard. IM IN
ain't nuthin but a G thang
Lol I don’t think woodc got rich, last I heard he had to pay back a portion to RH
I bought a $360 call with jun 18 2021 exp
this sub is going bullish on TSLA again like the old days, perfect time for wsb scraping funds to sell? find out in 2 weeks!
Same. My account literally tripled.
Bird is flying past 29K
I like a mix of K and G
I laughed, read the comments, and then laughed at it a again. Well played retard!
baba 250 sooon
So ...outsmarting hard working naive peeps
Diamond hands lets go
Should have just went straight to Cashapp for your investing.
Arkk sold 129k shares of tesla today.....hmmmm
Then i guess we have to assume you stole it 

We are disabled as well, so don't expect any understanding from us.
wait a couple years and you can load up hundreds of shares on cinemark and gamestop. 🤣
Crack
Graham Stephan doesn't hold positions in stocks like GME and PLTR because he doesn't like their "fundamentals".
They are too busy working late shift at carls jr
I think after suffering losses of legendary proportions they have to take a break in order to salvage what mental health they have left. Also people who reach legendary status here with those retarded trades probably have some sort of gambling addiction and browsing WSB certainly wouldn’t help them take care of that addiction
With climate change I would go for puts
[deleted]
i am bullish on moderna with a $245 price target
Stfu, covid is bigger than me getting with a random hoe.
literally cant go bats up
I am a total slut for all things ARK
False. Many companies mine ree as side products of their normal mining because ree are not rare. The problem is rare earth refining, which this company can't do yet, only one US company can at the moment. Next year there will be 3 companies that can on US soil, MP, an OZ company, and a Uranium company.

Stop pretending they have a moat and a runway.
I have wondered this as well. Like at this point why have none of the large investors in GME proposed some sort of vote that would require a share recall? Is it just an unspoken thing between investment firms? You don’t fuck us and we won’t fuck you?
The selling should be done. Algos should give us a slow melt up day? Money never sleeps
meh, divy stocks aren’t even back to pre covid.  Spy/qqq legit though
Cash gang, baby
[removed]
why the fuck is psth up with no news, spacman literally said that nothing significant will be released until q1. last time i checked he was still taking people out to eat. theres a long ways from a dinner to actually selling your business
EV, weed, & alternative energy stocks will pump.
Oh shit ur the guy who made me buy 2 shares
Some resistance at 50 but i think nio day rally is happening so im hopeful
Ban
Buy calls
In a Roth IRA. 🤗
[deleted]
[deleted]
This is also me, it actually went down to $15.40 for the rest of the day AFTER cohen bumped it to $16, it wasn't a secret either but seemed to take a full day for the news to travel.
Probably keeps going to $60k
When you buy shares in fidelity it automatically goes against margin even if you have a margin account, unless you specify during the buy phase. Does not matter if you are not using margin debit.  Only exception to this rules is when you by from OTC markets.
Agree. I think people are jumping in now because they feel announcement coming right after first of year
Oh true. Keep checking firelink too those guys hide in the dark.
 in the next few years they will have the whole supply chain under their control when they have their own refinery and manufacturing plant. they will have access to a very high demand, very high margin product and will definitely be expanding to more than just one mine in the future. they have zero competitors as of now in america, and the only other one that isn't in china is in australia. china will have enough problems supplying their own demand, they will be unable to supply the whole world, and MP will have almost complete control over the american market of rees.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Everything is so green AH
[deleted]
To the fucking moon baby 🚀 no you’re retarded
Apple pleas fly again
Pussy.

Find a sloot, bang her. Teach her about FDs, marry her.
Parlay...
Covid Vaccine Black Market racketeer
I'm picking up calls now that covid-20 is out
Username doesn’t check out
So you are the guy every job recruiter keeps posting about
[deleted]
Looked at your comments, you’ve literally been in this thread since it was posted doing nothing but shilling for video game blockbuster. Get a job.
[removed]
spend a few hours watching a YT vid or reading about options before you come back here...people are going to rip your shit apart for being a noob
Help me make this a better meme! I have a PhD in biochem and engineered RNA aptamers for a thesis project.
🌈🐻 are the untermensch.
As someone who is scientifically literate and knows how crispr technique actually works I can tell you not a chance in hell it goes bankrupt. It’s literally the future and the biggest discovery in modern molecular biology
This is the options depreciation chart. The shorter the exp the steeper curve.
So how do I change to cash account
I sell ccs on mine. I’ll make a hundred a week at risk of making a $7 per share profit and if that causes me to miss out on a larger profit, I’m okay with that. Nobody ever went broke taking profits.
[deleted]
I'm not even gonna talk about valuation because everyone knows. Will write more puts to cover if I get in trouble
[deleted]
ARKG going to keep moving up soon? We need to get to 105 soon.
The only risk is unrealized profit.
is holding a move?
Prolly cause they’re rich
ok boomer
29k
What do we think?
I don’t understand, I was up bigly today. Why everybody so mad. First good Green Day in a while
Well yeah, I own a business, got enough shit to keep track of. I’m here to gamble my play money on weekly options, but how am I even supposed to get addicted and become homeless if never get that sweet first taste?
[deleted]
Moving to TX and making ARs, that GOP money will be flowing in, hold...
Graham Stephan buys high and sells low
Chyna stocks have the power switch on this week
BABA 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀
MP MATERIALS!!!
There's tons of single 20-something software engineers or programmers who have more money than they know what to do with
It's gonna be slower than 2022 LEAP expiration, I know that much
Someone told me tsla hit 700 tomorrow and then go parabolic and hit 750. I hope you all have calls
[deleted]
I thought PDT was dumb until I found the bottom feeders in this sub.
Thoughts of dumping 10k into AI tomorrow?
I did not. What now?
Absolutely if your planning to hold them for a while. You might as well make some money off of them, even if it’s a little.

Now I am by no means an expert, but if it were me I’d be looking at the $9.50 strike exp 01/30/21 or if you’re not comfortable holding them that long 01/15/21.
what are you in? shares? calls? etc.
Hey.. its me.. your son.
Y’all actually reading it? He wants a $2000 payment, he just wants 230 repealed with it.
I spent $400 at an actual GameStop store today on a Switch and games for my kid... I swear to god I tried talking my 8 year old into buying 20 shares in GME instead... she wasn’t having it
So 0DTE spy calls?
"This triggered the major sell-off in any sector you invested in"
Everyone says this about every “_____ day” event, yet it almost always goes up. You are vastly overestimating the average investor.
Fuck you and I love and want to be you
Just remember your personal risk tolerance
They’re not operating at loss. I was merely looking at their annual results. FY19 and FY18 have been -8.39M and -13.72M respectively.
> Put at least 30% of your paycheck after bills in safe investments or not safe who cares as long as you’re making money

Lol, like people have anything left over after bills.

>Get an education or learn a trade because if you’re making minimum wage or are unskilled labor. You’re fucked. Can’t save your way out of minimum wage
 
Ah, I should continue reading before replying.
Same but 1/4.
Can you be bothered to explain this more? I'm new to this and more retarded than most still
Oh same bro, maybe it’s just impatience but I see my leaps lose money everyday and felt the need, worst case I lose like $1500 on the leaps (yes I’m poor)
Thanks
750 next week if TSLA says 500k deliveries?
[deleted]
😵
Solid DD, I’m in
Well boys looks like its back to my right hand for the time being. This small gathering ended up turning into a party and it’s not worth it to get my weewee touched and take the chance of killing my parents/compromising my values. 

🌈🐻
You’re in good sexy hands my friend.
Horrible meme, either way what is your background nerd
Yeah actual retards infuriate me. Blocked.
Graham Stephan keeps money in his savings account as a "rainy day" fund
Quiting alcohol made the biggest difference in my life.
Actually curious on first part - what's benefit of maxing out margin on it? Alternatively what could go wrong? Never played with margin trading before
[removed]
Can't tell if you're that retarded or being funny.
[deleted]
Nailed it. 10/26/16!
Lowkey nvda flex?
[removed]
Shoulda bought more
Want to know what puts to buy? Just ask me what stocks I'd buy to hold. They are really good at being bad for me.
Dos vidalia, cum rag
Fucking flooding in. Lotta people bought the top.
I was aware and have been buying 25 for the past two days. Intend on doubling my position, my target was 90 shares.
Get both
Won't crack it, looking at the chart it will most likely gap it.
Could you imagine though.  Wew lad.  Congrats and fuck you
Are you real?
Thoughts on ZM?
It should be back to its ATH by mid January
So I think moderna's vaccine won't have long term risks(like people getting sick in 2021 for the vaccine taken today). I think BioNtech's vaccine has that risk. What's a better meme to use to describe that?
Lol @ the idiot who bought my TSLA puts yesterday
I’ve been in and out of this for the last year and a half.  Had 100 shares @ $34 and sold them @ $55.   Just been buying calls on it since.  It’s been good to me.  Wait for a nice 20% dip and jump in
That article is about the entire videogame industry. Not esports. 

Half that article is about the mobile gaming market. You think mobile games will bolster esports?
Wdym they'll sell at a loss? Like the entity holds cash and so if you sell below it (which totally could happen), you would be entitled to the cash raised anyways - sponsor fees no?   


And even if they don't acquire anyone oh well you get money back
You think Saudi Arabia isn't fragile as hell and freaking out over a world that's shifting to renewable energy and soon won't need any of their oil because it's too expensive?

What happens to the royal family who have spent decades abusing their people once money stops flowing in? 

The best thing they can do right now to keep their heads is start rapidly democratizing and redistributing wealth and education. They probably won't, because humans get locked into greedy, short sighted, self destructive cycles that are very hard to break once you're in them.
[removed]
Just hold mate, 650 stomks at 26.5 and getting fuckded by the dollar. Jan/Feb will be looking upwards
he said he bought in may 2019 so unless you're talking about changes in tax law from bidens presidency i dont see why he would wait. i'd argue hes better off exercising it immediately before biden takes office
This guy fucks

Я никогда не оправлюсь от этого финансово
Oh... tomorrow is going to hurt you and me...

But if we diamondhands, the profits come rolling in with the new year.
VIX says otherwise.
Yeah I’ve quit for long periods before and still miss em
[deleted]
Basically.. sold put spreads 👍
[deleted]
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/calvinfroedge the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
[removed]
[removed]
I did 372p and I don’t think I could sleep tonight. You went in 370, you brave sir
🇨🇳🙎🏻‍♂️ = 🧸🍯
Retarded, I am afraid
RIP Mary Ann from Gilligan's Island 😥
You guys realize that’s a parody account right
Or outstanding shares..........
Good question. Maybe they'd rather buy companies with less dividend payout because that means they're reinvesting that money and growing instead of giving it out. Trust me I'm a professional tectonic analysis.
Chinese have infiltrated. NIO to the moon
And stands when he shits
Best if you get your name engraved on it too.  Best resale: Steve, Brian, To Joseph Love Laura edit: To Chad Love Stacey
[deleted]
Lol triggered much little bitch
I was thinking the 17 days out shares that are 9.50.  I don't see it hitting 9.50 in 17 days at all, and thats 150$ in 17 days if they expire worthless.  

Is that right/a good idea?  I don't know enough about selling calls so im just making sure.
By "hustle harder", he means having that money sitting in his "low interest savings account". 🤮
Wait I’m new to this so lemme get this straight if you exercise these 5 options you get to buy 5000 shares at $40 bucks????????
I just bought 200 shares seeing this
[deleted]
I feel that. Literally me for two years
Totally not pondering over and hating myself for stubbornly being a gay bear all the way to early May (NeXt LeG DoWn ThIS TiMe!) right now
[deleted]
Not with Byedump in charge
Ark yesterday ya reeeeeee
The fact this is up mean GME will crash and burn soon
If you dug yourself a hole and bounced back to break even you up there keep at it 💯
Chef at Wendy’s.
You’re never more than 1 yolo away from redemption
[deleted]
God I hope so, that’d take me to tendie town
It'll hit sub 95. I feel it's currently over valued, but that doesn't seem to matter
Take a breather.
He?
Why doesn’t the bill say $100,000?
We can all dream
[removed]
[deleted]
 [https://twitter.com/lexfridman/status/1344305072143036422?s=20](https://twitter.com/lexfridman/status/1344305072143036422?s=20) 

Well I'm fuckin sold. Calls on ARKQ
18K deep in ARKG after the dip. Hmm
Godspeed brother

I hope there is a catalyst for you or upgrade or something
[deleted]
Will you sex me
Half and half
Take care buddy. Hit the gym man exercise helps
bitches love containers
Mine already are. $47C 12/31.. gonna roll them in the AM.
PSTH at +35% NAV. this is like the runup before earnings. then the post earnings dump ;)
I know I’m gonna have to explain some of this to my cpa this year and I’m finna get judged even though I actually made some money.
Had some 40% gains on some weeklies this week but didn't close. Sold for 90% loss. I gotta stop being greedy when I have weeklies lol.
That’s what just happened with SEDG.  Dumped to $200 immediately after and then I jumped in on it.  Got in @ $205
[removed]
This whole GME train was started by Ryan Cohen. I wouldn’t be surprised if he hired a troll farm to post all the GME DD. 

Pump and dump LVL 100
Hmm. I don't really like the adenovirus vaccines. They risk genome integration. Moderna & BioNTech use mRNA with no risk of integration. I think that's a better bet long term.
Then inflation came and fucked us.
Completely agree with this. As long as the owners appease to ccp, they are good. With China being the biggest market for ev, they'd want a Chinese company to dominate
They are over indexed on TSLA probably tbf
This one got me.
DO NOT TAILGATE! 

***proceeds to tailgate***
None.  That’s the scary part.
Invest in rope
Eat my dongus you fuckin nerd.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Bought a Turtle Beach headset recently. Super disappointed considering the cost. Cheap plasticky build quality, low sound quality, uncomfortable to wear especially for long periods. 

No idea why it got such good reviews on Amazon.
That guy was using probabilities to justify a GME crash
Yeah lol

Edit: unless they are like wayyyyy otm, but even though, Cohen is too powerful.
[removed]
i like just arkk
Heil GameStop!!!! For the fuhrer Cohen!!!! Capture all the gypsy bears and send them to the covered calls (concentration camps). Squeeze their life and let them choke in ze chamber. Ish leiben fuhrer cohen!!! Death to melvinites !!!
PLTR?? 🚀🚀🚀
How cash heavy traders sleep too.
This guy got ratio’d in every shit comeback he tried to make😂😂😂
[deleted]
Guys I don’t think he belongs here.
I don't need it to replicate 3x performance. But if it increases by 50% by year end I'd be happy
Exactly what mms wanted you to do
Is it too risk to sell covered calls on my GME?
[deleted]
Thanks! Looks like steel prices have dropped quite a bit recently?
Get em all
I like w and f. They're less impacted by covid, especially w
There’s nothing wrong with trying to save people money from an obvious pump and dump.

You’re giving people advice that is going to cost them money. You’re an asshole, and a retard. You’re an asstard.
Parm bread tuna with everything except olives and spinach. + the extra charge for guac. Mayo and mustard only
It definitely feels like a correction is needed. Maybe the hype will get it up to 195( maybe? I’m hoping??) and then reality sets in with the earnings call on 2/2
DeepMind did not solve the folding problem. Seems like you just read article titles. 

Nice try though.

[https://foldingathome.org/2020/12/08/protein-folding-and-related-problems-remain-unsolved-despite-alphafolds-advance/](https://foldingathome.org/2020/12/08/protein-folding-and-related-problems-remain-unsolved-despite-alphafolds-advance/)
5 days after GME hits 50$
>这是习近平，我明天下午将执行杰克·阿里巴巴。感谢您的耐心等待

 仆街 lah
Data analytics 🤑
Also, EOL (for some).
What Strike?
[deleted]
Sq hitting 230 tommorw.
Just make sure you're driving a Nikola when you take that drive. Go big or go home, right?
arkk is dumping tsla left and right probably answers your question
Retard alert retard alert 🚨
Great feeling
[removed]
Yea we are fuk if the target is lame and doesn’t create excitement.
It saves water you wouldn’t understand
Brah, you’re in the wrong part of reddit to be waving that chart round like that.

Get the fook outta ‘ear wit dat shit. 

Slap da shit outcha momma,for raising a 🌈🐻. 

Stonks only go up when inflation is the rule.

**Whispering**(For real though just between you and me, like when is this bitch gonna flip over and die)
Make sure to save thousands so you can yolo whatever is trending when you come back.
Whose holding baba calls praying we see 245 tomororw 😛💎🖐🇨🇳❤️😭🍏🤡👑
Welp...happy for getting my parents in on this back at 35...too bad I'm an idiot and sold at 50 to just lose on options.
By just holding shares I sleep amazing. 300% returns over the last 4 years with very little risk because I invest based on fundamentals. On pace to turn 13k into a million in 15 years.
I'm maybe over my heads but MSGS is still 120 bucks off 52 week high and has performed well recently
This is true
Yeah, this is retardville and not the good kind. BAN this shit.
Graham Stephan invests only in ETFs because individual stocks are too volatile for him
2021 will be strong too
Worked at a high volume subway in college and took home huge amounts of opened and unused cheese after shifts.  Made GC sandwiches for my dorm floor once or twice a week.
yh
borrow rate to short, at least at IB is currently at 337%, and was even higher a week or so ago, this does affect the put prices
Checks out.
The real question is how did Daddy make his bones so you could be such a failson with that kind of allowance.
No I didn't forgot that. Who knows what Crisper will do. maybe it goes bankdrupt
This would be very risky
[deleted]
“Jobs”
[deleted]
Lol weird flex
Hahahahhahahahahaha mf trying to time the market
The year of not showering
Do the iceberg costs go up as the planet gets warmer? Should I load up on iceberg calls?
Nah. Stonks only go up. I deleted the app and it reversed my trades.
Oooh I see, thank you sir
Lumn still a great long term play for 2022 LEAPS. Almost a stealth 20 bagger in the making. I see it as an all in opportunity TBH.
It always darkest before the dawn.
Did we ask?
For good reason. Gme is literally trash.
What a retard
Shhhh....don't discourage the option buyers, us thetagangers need people on the other side of the trade.
Market maker.  I watched that happen every day with CENX while it went from 20 to 6.

Obviously I want you to get rich and I said nothing negative about your stock pick but don't think it is some random dude playing a YOLO.
Graham Stephan sits when he pees
I was bearish all week too dw
you son of a bitch im in.
the faster you learn the stock market != the economy, the faster you'll become the boyfriend of gay bear cucks wives. TLDR dont be a gay bear.
I work days at wendy's and nights at Chippendales
OP's gamble expires
[deleted]
If 1% of the people here died it would be catastrophic so that number doesn’t mean jack shit now does it
RIP 2020 - the best trader's market of all time
You keep forgetting cathie can change her holdings as she pleases. Crispr will do 200% this year watch and learn
Not anytime soon, maybe 2/3q next year. Even with the COVID challenges Disney has Disney+ and a slew of titles to keep cash coming in, I expect a dip back into the 160s though, but even @180+ if you’re just buying and holding you will be up this time next year unless rona really starts getting out of hand. I’m extremely bullish on Disney over the long term though.
Yes that’s what I mean. How would you go about charging people. One time consultation fee or like a monthly subscription
Better to have just ARKK or mix in some g and f
BCKY
It's ugly as fuck
[removed]
Pissed that I sold my NIO calls. Yesterday morning !!!
I should clarify...buy back into equities not necessarily the same ticker
What do you do?
Boooooo. You're correct, but boooooooo
[removed]
IIRC. Batman never went to the moon. Rug pull imminent!
Does this mean we are gonna make tendies tomorrow? 🚀
Jim, stop being the obsessed with us.
Ban
Apparently Cathie has her own Website now. Only second to pornhub https://cathiesark.com/
I wonder this every time I browse this sub
People will be disappointed it won't be able to replicate its 2020 performance in 2021.
Ain't that the fucking truth.
[deleted]
Now that you mention it, I think I’ll write a ton of Tesla puts to get more out of the money GME calls! 

Appreciate the vote of confidence!
WSB the only place where broke kids get to hang out with the 1%
Got a stress test that day, puts on my ticker....
This doesn’t come out of my personal paid vacation or banked time, my office just pays out the days between Xmas and New Years as extra paid vacation 

Got a 5k year end bonus myself which was pretty great
Appreciate it retard I didn’t dig that deep. Thanks though for the info
Quality content here. 👌
Cuz you made a jewbagger
Cathie Woods bought...The Container Store...what in the world?
Why is RIOT mooning af and Mara so meh?
The PDT rule is the dummest thing
Aka: A failed businessman is better than an aspiring one.
doesnt really mean anything
Wtf did I just read and can I have my time back
[removed]
Idk why I keep buying weeklies. 90% of the time I lose money
whos printer is better jpow's or musks
I haven’t got laid in a year. I’d say it’s more than a hobby
then they would have the dreaded wash sale rule.
✊😎
In Elon we trust.
we all share her.  except me, i just watch in a corner from my cell phone, losing money while trading
[deleted]
Ameen
The awards he got are worth like 6 months of dividends.  Poor guy, they should have just pooled their money and bought him a sandwich.
[deleted]
Pro tip: Sit to pee.

Second pro tip: Dab your dick with TP while you do the urethra-emptying move standing up.
I got 140s for 2023
Oh shit so you were looking at 8k if the 2k stimmy went thru? Phew that's a win
Calls are not marginable for good reason.
She said to keep some powder dry.... love her.
Should I be worried about this retard
Also known as NKLA energy
Rather lose money thinking I can make it big then make a $1 a month.
Good luck scaling that, that’s the only problem I could see.
Sorry guys , i failed to upload via the app
Here is the image that was supposed to go up[image](https://ibb.co/ynqQQdP)
I shorted gme  3 days ago its going down
But that’s okay
Is this pro level photoshopping or nah?
yes
ARKK OR TESLA ?
>这是习近平，我明天下午将执行杰克·阿里巴巴。感谢您的耐心等待

Слава России! Единству Слава! Бояре, холопы, хозяева, рабы, должны слиться в экстазе единства! Что бы Россия была Великая и Мощная! Наша любовь к Путину объединяет все классы и слои населения! СЛАВА ПУТИНУ! УРА! УРА! УРА!﻿
dont think that is the character for execute you are going for
tomorrow may be red, but a good day to get some cheap options - feb, mar strike date.
I kinda think I know who you are talking about and if so, he’s a guy that helped convince me spy was going to 180.  Him and another variation separator!
Fucking wild
Baba 250 EOW?
Shut up loser
Correction?
GME just issued more shares and they will again because it's structurally unprofitable.
Stickers for the shitters..
Those are like r/investing gainz
Make me a fucking mod so I can clean up this God damn sub you fuckjbg 🌈🐻 pieces of shit. Ban me for pointing at a SPAC that's since risen 50%, then let shit like this pollute the sub.  Get your hands off your microcox and take care of this place FUCK
I’m entering after another 20% drop when people get bored. Maybe get 1 or 2 drops a year on gene editing and commercial retail availability is near zero for another 5-8 years. It’ll slowly fade
my trading approach has changed so much since I learned to lock in small gains. I think i've made like 90% profitable trades in december for net +20%.

def helps that I went above 25k to avoid PDT
Ding ding ding we have a winner
Hopefully the strike was higher than what you paid
Or fail miserably.
Your title implies we don't already know you're a retard.
Here’s the guy I’ve been waiting for
Damn here i thought my 30k share purchase was deep.
And that shit got eaten up!
Yes she's as good as advertised
This is a fine play, i actually ended up doing the same on pltr. In at 22, out at 28, in again at 25 and held again at 27-28 until it was clear that it wasnt going to break resistance and rebought today at 25. 
    

Forming a nice channel, just playing the bounces between 25-28 nice ez gains, just dont forget this stock will be $100 in a year or two
no
I really don’t want to sell and take a huge loss. I’m hoping it bounces back a bit until then at least
Absolutely not
At the end, we are all your wife's boyfriend
Lurk for another year
I don't understand why BLNK hasn't burnt up this sub over the past month. Very strong performance and even the damn stock symbol is meme-worthy.
There is no announcement. It just my personal assessment of the scientific data. BioNTech uses an engineered RNA sequence to maximize protein production and drive immune response. this reduces costs but could have side effects if the engineered sequence has off target effects. Moderna uses a natural mRNA sequence to increase protein production (assumed based on their patents) and randomizes the cDNA sequence so the vaccine mRNA is less likely to combine with the virus. They both are safe and effective short-term. What I'm saying isn't a currently proven risk, but if I had to choose between these two amazing feats of science, I'd go with moderna.
8.50 or so but I plan on holding them a while.  I know the premiums are super low so thats kinda why I ask, is there much money to be made?  Or is it worth it?
No, he's the little speck of shit being left behind by the dollar bill
lEt YoUr RuNnErS rUn
Am I too late for a participation metal?
The names beatoff, beatoff dickler
Next split? When it needs more saps...
This is the correct answer.
I sold that shitty stock
Just realized this fx trading scammer chicks are the ones that are too ugly for only fans
I would never upvote trash like this but it’s plug so i guess I’ll upvote
So you can make 💰💰💰
9,047.50 Zimbabwean Dollars for 1 share of 🥭
[deleted]
❌
If I made WSB shirts would you retards buy some?
Canada is settlement date, US is trade date. That said, who in their right mind would wait to sell after a whole other country did? Yes please, I’d like to go last 🙋‍♂️
Sorry. I was meant to reply to the other dude. Wrong Yes. Retard Also Yes.
quit being a pssy and join him
She's so smart. Love watching her youtube videos but frankly makes me wonder why all ETFs aren't like her.
Smart man, I have the same plan.
这是习近平，我明天下午将执行杰克·阿里巴巴。感谢您的耐心等待。
doesn't seem to be going up
Expecting a big bump up on 1/4. Buy buy buy eod tomorrow
OTM SPREADS FO LIFE🤪
It doesn't. Also you are correct, there is no way to allocate margin to specific positions. These people are retarded.
Fuck PLTR and GME.
They’re so expensive and I’ve been losing money on calls so I’m too pansy to buy them
bankruptcy
🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
it just did a nose dive from 105 after a big run. maybe its at its peak now
Everyone talking about tax loss harvesting but plenty of folks have already sold and bought back in just in time to have long term tax rate next year at this time
it just dipped and it's at a very reasonable price rn, it IPOd via spac so it really didn't triple, the spac was priced at 10 but when it actually merged it was about 20.
I salute your MS Paint skills good sir. You must be a very tech savvy investor
I feel bad for this dude
Actually yes. In a margin account you don’t need cash to sell “cash-secured” puts. You only need buying power. It doesn’t reduce your cash balance either. So no margin interest.
Silly you can make $$ selling calls
Blue waves means stock going down. I hope u know that lol
Chad Chimptard approves this message
Wait until he finds out that getting to $50 / yr at this rate will probably take him another 20 years.
Truly one of us then
[deleted]
Is this a falling knife or should I throw in on BB on the first??
your always 1 stack of 40 fds  away from a 10 bagger. goodluck
How do my 172.5c 1/15 UPS look?
My hedge as well, though I went 10p for next week
That hasn't happened since [checks notes] AMZN in 2020.
ITM. Likely $29 just because it’s next.
Millionaires aren't going to waste their time telling those stories unlike the legions of autists who want to brag on their 10 bagger scratch off tickets.
[removed]
y'alls favorite penis in a suit has a great twitter 

https://twitter.com/MemberSee/status/1343912686460010501?s=20
Rather have a beer
The way to win at life is to just keep starting businesses. Most will fail or perform just okay. But you will hit gold eventually and repeatedly if you continue
Got a fat bonus today. 100 shares of my big pharma company I work for. Valued at 10k. Grats on the vaca I think mine carries over. I don’t use it either way, work is a vaca
That involves having cash first.
RIG!
It's all fungible. This isn't true anyway.
1 dollar a month is achievable with 8.34 shares of $AGNC... or $130 worth of stock. I don’t get the celebration. This may be a Congoian fruit vendor in 1854.
We will make it through soldier
American dream baby
Hehe I’m the originator. 😝

Upvoted.
[deleted]
Push them out to first week of feb. it has to run up a bit to earnings which will smash
I like the cleansing effect
No, not inverted
[deleted]
I plan to. I can’t do another year like 2020 or I’ll probably kill someone in a fit of blind rage. This has been a year of inward screaming and releasing sheer anger.
I’m literally 50% ICLN leaps and they’re printing like crazy. Freest money I ever made
What strike? I have calls for the next few months and a handful of shares that I keep buying more off
And Ali Urman
Lack of battery power
$GOOG only up 30% this year. Could be a move 🤔🤔
lol I sold 20 10.5c expiring tomorrow to make premium. happy to even hold if it dips lower - i think next week might have some wildness
Started watching Cathie Wood videos on YouTube... i may or may not be touching myself rn.
Fun fact - dogs can't see red or green. 

They can see blue and yellow though.
I am pretty convinced u/iTradeStalks is a sophisticated bot who's only goal is to spread FUD about GME 24/7.
Dude honestly. I’m down so much on my UPS 1/15 calls and it just keeps going down
Yea need a subway pt and plan accordingly cause that's possibly the worst target of all. Anything other than that, we mooning
Yup, been loading up past month and will continue to average up all the way through 2021
Fucking commie bastard
Haha same. Every weekend I get so hype with all the GME dd posts, then Monday comes and I wait, and my the end of the week I’m usually feeling pretty happy I didn’t get in.
I tried to buy options on Fidelity after being approved and kept getting errors. At that point I realized I was too retarded to even be here.
Some would say you already have them in front of you.
I said personal online presences
Of course, I’m more of an ARKQ guy myself
What’s the news?
Should I put my stimmy in GameStop or Gamestonk
Does it make you more of a degenerate if you sell options to degenerates?
Cold cut trio with olive oil and vinegar!
damn i want one... how much they cost? $400k???
How old are you is the important question. Don't settle like that before you turn 40, and only then if you lived a badass life and don't want your own kids
Oh hell yeah, I should be getting $2400
Actually, GME is still extremely over priced
Yup
hoping the $135s print. Your calls too.
You won’t need to get a job. There are so many ways to profit from it. Make your own tokens, find exploits in  defi apps, do consulting for other projects, or start a pyramid scheme lol.
你好，这是杰克·阿里巴巴。谢谢你的廉价股迷
And I would completely disagree
[removed]
you can't be serious?
In this market though - you can legit just throw a dart at a board of tech companies and make that and more.
Painal in 4k yo
I’m the 10% break even... not the worst I guess
Elon musk here my cries. Go up 10% so I can get tendies and fries.
Good ole B-hole action
Beeeetc
I read the whole thing. I just didn’t know where you were going.
Take care of yourself !
Paid vacation and portfolio doing well today. 

Free $1600 for sitting on my ass and doing nothing 🤑
Yes.
[deleted]
[deleted]
OP, I agree. Here is an amazing value investors DD from YouTube if you have time https://youtu.be/IuPExrSHdOk
You belong here
No I want to provide a service that will do that. Advertise on Tinder
what about on the zimbabwe fruit market?
$SLV $GLD

Mark this post. Metal gang will take over in the near future
lol I yeeted all my money into TDA after Fidelity denied my application for level 2 options
Shout out to meme stonks. Death to cnbc traders and boomers. Long live wsb retards

https://imgur.com/gallery/fkysLfQ
What’s on the 16th?
!remindme 3 days
[deleted]
I got 3 more days of pain
you win
this should be a python library not a DSL
Plenty of time solider
Giving me Bad Vibes dude
I’m gonna take a break from trading and focus on getting my life a little more in order. 2020 really made me think about my life goals a bit.

Beyond that think I’ll drink a whole bottle of champagne straight from the bottle and be glad the years finally over. And sleep in till 5pm on the first. Maybe get a haircut.
Money is needed to play at the casino sir
What about the boys that have gone mad in plus? They invested some time ago. I might be a retard here, gathering intel before I yolo.
Make sure you diversify more! Use ARKK and ARKG and maybe even ARKF (not for me).
[removed]
Have seem this gif many times and know the outcome but still saw it for 2 min now fully expecting it to hit the Pole.. I'm fully vaccinated
*someone sold SLV lottos
[deleted]
Stonks only go up
I'm the guy setting the money free to trick some poor bastard #thetagang
Yessir I am 20 and have 10 years options trading experience
This isn't r/wildlife.

Ban.
Gotta get myself some cocaine and sloppy top lol
Hitting rock bottom clears your mind.
JEEZ And i thought fidelity understood trading. guess we are way smarter than they are.
Tesla just broke out of a wedge and is about to absolutely moon.  Do you motherfuckers even look at TA? Lol
This has already been happening for years. Basically any medium sized company should have this already-in house though not outside consultants. I’m sure many don’t though and there is money to be made for sure if you wanted to pursue this business
BABA 245 tmrw
That's 11D chess right there!
Can you trade in the market outside of market hours. No you cannot.
So you want to hire people that will tell you how to run your social media page and present yourself?
I went in on a TAN 2023 leap yesterday. Will also do ICLN leaps going forward as they're 1/4th the price, easier to average out.
You sound like a popular German man I once learned about
Not even close
Subway was a big deal back in 2008? Everyone loved the $5 footlongs.
[deleted]
Could be inflows. She has said that she stays invested at all times
Tell that to Saudi Arabia...
Okay so what a September $1k call?
❤️ Warms my heart
Hell yeah bro. I’m not in gme but I wish everyone in it all the luck in the world
[deleted]
1/15 28c
I feel personally attacked
Did you even read the rest of my sentence or just stop halfway through. He's essentially talking about WSB
me niether
Bought more shares before markets closed an hour ago.
Really? Guess I don't know enough about BIDU. But Cathie does. Bless her.
I’d start by putting this in the trashbin
Can we start on an online campaign to get rid of this dumb fat black bear on CNBC? Let’s use our power for good! This guy is awful!
PLTR at 9:31AM is like watching the lie detector needle when wife asks about pron.
Might as well roll the dice on CRSR or CSRP for New Year's eve. Gaming, genomics it's all the same  to this retard. On New Year's day I will probably be working as a cum dumpster to start 2021 right.
☝️🧐
Seeing the prpl man holding shares... bullish
lfgggg
أنا مسلم وأنا قصيرة تسلا
The money is in the single dose. So JNJ wins this but JNJ is a whale. Makes up like 1.5% of the S&P 500 won't get much of a pop. JNJ is the modern date equivalent to a bond.

If you want Covid Trade look at Carrier $CARR
my acorns portfolio far outperforms my robinhood memefolio
TQQQ puts
Yes 👍
It’s crazy looking at the 5 yr chart on that
This.
I actually like subway. Rosemary parm bread Italian bmt.
Lmao
Is this the power of ultra instinct?
VXX calls if you’re betting on volatility. SPY puts if you’re short SPY. UVXY if you’re an idiot.
Normal Solar is trash, Royal Dutch Shell (RDS) is way better imo - diversified portfolio in developing countries, premium efficiency and industry knowledge, main asset to Dutch economy and long lasting history of native population abuse.
That made me laugh, thanks for that lol
Idk exactly but I saw someone say it was the other day 🤷‍♂️
oh shit this legit cannot fail. all in baby. LETS FUCKIN GO BATMAN TRADING
Top 2 holdings of ICLN are PLUG and ENPH

Someone give me the reasons why I shouldn’t go 100% 2022 ICLN leaps
I’m currently at -0.9%
Son, you have a classic case of buy high and sell low
Plans for tomorrow. 

1. Wake up, watch my options expire worthless
2. Think about what I could of done with that money
3. Do it all over again in 2021
I like the cut of this guy's jib.
Holy shit. Well I’m retarded so maybe this response in a TLDR 😂 when was this announced? The stock is down big since the 10th. Calls on zombie repellent??
Yeah I’m fucked 😔🥺
Yes. This is the way. *Retarded chimp noises*
hell yah. got the long VIX gang comment below u-
“SHUT IT DOWN NOW!” (Puts phone on mute to nibble on tendies)
Wholeheartedly agree, ban my candy ass
Whaaaat? Section 230 is on the eve of possible repeal? Enforcement of Privacy laws in the EU have yet to be fully pressed in court, monopoly concerns and stuff. Buy puts if anything.
AAPL $134s gonna print, yes sir yes sir
Who doesn’t want tasteful Ackman nudes?
GME likely won’t even crack $30 by April 1.
Time to sell the house
If you bought 25 June MT calls at market open, the day after he recommended buying them on his first DD , you would be up 57% on those calls. I know this because I have them
CNBC should tell that guy to buy QQQ or ARK
Has ARKG run its course?
Mines pending twelve hundo to play with
I’m gunna laugh when you sell right before then it rockets up like 50%
1.8*
Depends, what are you looking for? Trading is complex and there are many approaches to it
Jesus it's just gross looking.
Hmm.  I’ve heard so many different places talking about TSM and chipmakers recently.
Man ackman better not fuck up this psth. If he does the sell off is gonna be swift. If he gets something good it will be fun to watch fomo
I never understood buying gold ETF’s to hedge against the dollar. Just buy a Rolex at that point. Lmao
Excuse me - we all make 10 mill a year, we don’t qualify
Why
That was a good write up, your points make total sense. Looking at options now, let’s fly 🚀
Ha. Probably 90% of the people here, including me. Fuck.
Some guy was showing his $100 per month dividend portfolio. With $45k invested...
So 99.7% survival rate in the general population vs 99.8%?
Wouldn’t that make it a good time to buy them?
Rimjob is the best job.
You're biggest regret is gonna be not letting that shit go and fucking move on.
Bro it’s almost 2021
Let's say someone told me a rug pull incoming. What's the best way to profit? UVXY shares? Vxx calls? SPY puts?
I have been shilling CEHL, check my nasty DD. And look at that AH 🚀 goddamn
And who will pay me to program in Solidity?
Early I think
How do I change my flair
For sure
Yeah, but did they feel alive as it happened?
Downvote gang are the last surviving bears, bull prepare the gas chambers for tommorow I want to go into the new year with a complete bear cleansing. Nasty little shits need to finally be eradicated completely
couldn't agree more. hoping for some big volatility. take some gains and throw it on some of those stocks. I'm also long BFT.
Shares or options
thanks!
Nice
All in SPACs. Not holding any positions right now that isn’t one. Been making big percentages the whole time. Ride the wave til it’s over.
I like turtles
well.... at least you're retarded.  just like the rest of us morons
Half? That’s being quite generous.
I sold literally the day before BC I’m retarded and didn’t know can I have some face paint
Whoever invented options was a sick fuck
[deleted]
Interesting who will be hiring in the future for this?
I feel like a social media personal online presence consultation service would be popular. I don’t I really have seen any. What do you guys think? Would be easy to start just hire a couple chicks they are good at that stuff
I'm 100% convinced CNBC pulls their ticker info from algos on these threads
D o w n v o t e

my juicy balls 😋
Factual.

I recently switched to theta gang selling CC's on the PLTR shares I own and its been the best sleep I've had in years. 

Sorry to all the people in here that bought my contracts
Should have bought more NIO in August
Same thing with LMND... Like, at least wait for earnings to load up more
Yessir! Let’s gooo
It’s a long term hold. Yes. What of it?
[deleted]
Yours
[deleted]
well this basically has been its lowest dip. When it goes over 30 cha ching.
What if it's a URL to a meme of my gains?
https://cathiesark.com/arkq/trades

Switch tabs to see trades of other funds
Cathie holding BABA 🚀
ORLY? there's a cut-off? Why would it not go straight to December 31st
i got a feeling i'm not alone when i say this.... my wife knows exactly who all you idiots are. haha
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/lbadvibes the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Rip astugfurallah
FUCK YES
You’re wrong.
sell me your AAPL call for $1
Is New Years resolution traders a thing?
Imagine gme tanking and retards on the sub are left with their dick in their rewards membership and all the money they spent on reddit awards to make themselves feel better
And congratulations to me for that juicy -79% return!!!!

🤑🤑🤑🤑
I too am bagholding this garbage with a $140 average, debating if I should harvest some tax losses or just wait it out and hope we already bottomed out
Hustle? We gamble 'round here the retarded way
Covid will never crash the market again
I’m following big money. Somebody bought Slv lottos, I bought too
The sign should be on the other side of the door
R/antstreetbets
That 1.8m to 600k had him scared for a minute
Hello, it’s me your best friend from a parallel universe. My 12/31 options are expiring worthless tomorrow but you can save me and I’ll be your lifelong best friend.
Yeah can't wait until something else comes up
Dang you are really late for her party
Thanks, full day right?
Long vix. Inshallah
What are their commissions?
Dude go to therapy
Does this mean no more shitposts?
The bioNtech vaccine has a small chance of combining with the covid virus and creating something worse than the current covid. Moderna vaccine is engineered in a way that makes that less possible. How would you label this meme to make that clearer?
[deleted]
they probably got more like 15-20% just from SPY and dividend stocks. so better than half the people here
AI and robotaxis
thats a billion dollar lunch
[deleted]
Good come back bruh guess you're also SIMPle minded
is there a website or only mail?
I no trust post with no 🚀...
Nio 50c exp 1/8. Nio days going to gain a lot of momentum and I’m gonna sell right before. 

Nio is having a chip shortage apparently so I emailed and am waiting on a response (Ik Im retarded but sometimes reps respond). If they confirm this is false  then I’ll make a shot term otm call if they do then I’m just gonna leave it alone and keep my stock. 

Regardless, long term I’m very bullish. 

P.S. FUCK NIKOLA. It’s a fake company I don’t care what the retards at JP morgan say.
Nice, and scalp spy-QQQE. Build up to Berkshire  then go full retard and dump into pltr and GME. Then go to your grandmas ask her for more money and explain that an equally retard making a diamond symbol with his hands told you tooooo the moooon! Told you to do it
FLY
If you’re a programmer, let me give you the best financial advice you’ll ever get. Quit your job and learn [Solidity](https://docs.soliditylang.org/en/v0.8.0/).
Dark days. Miss the real degenerate action...now just a bunch of kids worrying about $600
she had to pick up a few red bulls on the way back from the  office today
Legend
All of the pumpers work there.
Just tomorrow
Fuck you
I got denied a few times by Fidelity for options level 3.  The trick was saying I would make a lot of small trades instead of telling them I'd YOLO all my money on weeklies.
[deleted]
Great entry point tmrw
Yay, DD on a company that has recently tripled. Do you also show up at murder scenes and tell the police you feel trouble brewing?
YESSIR! a great sign seeing fellow vix gang in the comments 😎
I’m gonna share you a little secret, I bought SLV lottos with my $600 stimmy. 5 cents each, 120 contracts

Need dems to win so this will print
stfu retard nobody cares
Ford can’t even get a normal vehicle right, let alone an EV...
So upvoting will?! ALL IN!
Bullish🚀🚀

 [https://www.nytimes.com/2020/12/30/health/coronavirus-mutant-colorado.html](https://www.nytimes.com/2020/12/30/health/coronavirus-mutant-colorado.html)

***‘Grim’ Virus Discoveries in Colorado and California Alarm Scientists***

 A more contagious variant of the coronavirus may alter the course of the pandemic in the United States, researchers said.
that greedy bastard not smh
The problem is you read like Reddit does. Reddit isn’t real life. It’s a gut reaction to small snippets of information without the whole story behind it for entertainment. But you’re obviously falling into that trap. Imagine if I bought into every little negative thing I saw about Europe on Reddit? That would be retarded. Don’t be retarded.
Username does not check out
11/16, day after S&P inclusion announcement.
[removed]
We still holding onto gme?
IDK man.... Baba is up on the ethiopian chalk board
Those loss posts ain't coming from Theta Gang. Sell covered calls to enhance your gainz my dude
Ok this ones actually good
I did, this was one of these that I got jumped on in that comment and sold most of it, something better than nothing I guess.

That was the day I became relatable retard on here, got scared
Season 3 isn't that bad. The biggest complaint was that it was too much like the first.
The king is back. Long live the king.
3 wasn't memorable either . Never finished
Has anyone else noticed all these tiny accounts popping up with their weak ass gains and losses? Sum pussy shit right there
Congrats to r/investing for getting that juicy 7% return this year 

🤑🤑🤑👀
I miss that feeling of turning on an inside fast ball to take it yard.
Normally you tell your partner when you're getting there.  Not ask for permission.
Copy that.  Thank you for the info.
Are we 🚀🚀🚀🚀 into the new year? Millions heading into new RH accounts?
Yup. I tried E Trade. Horrible platform. Terrible hold times. Moved to Robinhood and TDA.
Is the market open tomorrow and Friday?
🤚🏽
Tesla goes up too much she has to sell to keep the fund at 10% exposure
So if I put my entire port into ARK, Cathie will basically manage my portfolio for me? That’s so fucking hot.
if you not old enough, try for like a city league. It can be a nice hobby
Has anyone gotten their $600 stimmy yet?
good work
This kinda screenshots always make me feel uncomfortable
I think extended unemployment benefits ended a couple days ago
Nice
Lmfao this must be from personal experience
This guy starts his article off by saying PLTR is a long term stock simply because of the retard strength and determination of PLTR bulls
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/palantir-stock-one-own-long-162223172.html
I hope it dips hard so I can buy more to bring my average down
I bought a toothbrush, some toothpaste

A flannel for my face

Pajamas, a hairbrush

New shoes and a case

I said to my reflection

"Let's get out of this place"
Don’t think he cares
I have told my family too. They don't understand though.
No it wouldn’t. Diseases become less lethal over time because if it kills the host, they can’t transfer to other hosts. Viruses do become more transmissible overtime though. Wear your PPEs people, virus is still very real. I’m doubtful we’ll have a March like crash again.
[deleted]
Autists. Those are the same things. Get a real broker. Margin is another way to say loan

Robinhood uses margin (they lend you money) while your money settles (3 business days +1-2 for wire transfer.)

This is margin. The instant deposit that you can spend even though it hasn't settled. When you sell your shares/options and can use the money right away, it's margin being lent to you so you can pretend settlement days don't exist. too complex for RH brainlets.

When you borrow money, it's also margin. They are the same thing.

From their website: "When you sign up for a new account, you'll automatically start with a Robinhood Instant account, which is a margin account."
When a position gets larger than the percentage allocated to a portfolio, managers readjust. Retard.
Who would win, a bald bear boomer, or an army of autists?
This place is now filled with r/all retards
Come to my office tomorrow Chad.  We need to have a chat,
Ahem,

#YOLOOO
Congrats, when did you buy?
🌈🐻losing money now downvoting lmao
Classic Ackman
I’m very dumb. What is “bk”?
LONG LIVE CHAIRMAN MAO!!!

also I just remembered I have AAPL 4/16 125c, what to do?
How many ARK analysts are in wsb you think?
Tell them the shut the fuck up and that you’re baitin’
Sell bi-weeklies or monthlies at the next strike higher than what you got them for, or if you've already made money on the shares the second lowest OTM strike. This will get you a lot of premium while guaranteeing a decent profit if you get exercised. The only way you "lose" is if the share price shoots way above your strike and you lose out on all those gainz. Wouldn't be too worried about that happening with F though. 

Whatever you do, don't be a retard and sell calls at a lesser strike than what you bought the shares for unless you're willing to lock in a loss.
No buy high sell higher
Riot continue to pump tomorrow?
wow holy shit u fucking legend
congrats and fuck you
i jacked it to cathie woods since she made me tendies!
TIL I have hobbies
*shudders*

and SPY/Nasdaq were most certainly *NOT* flat in 2008 and the recovery afterwards. C'mon now.
Foooooookkk. Hope to see you with the gains!!
 How long do you plan on holding for?
The thing is, he did quit his job.
Roughly 45 mins til we can peep the gyna market dumping again
People will lose a lot more money shorting tsla on it slow burn up to 1000.
i still have heartburns from selling my JD 90c 1/15 yesterday for a 50% loss. F

Theeese handss.
 Are cryinn
[removed]
Where do you see that value?
https://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/knaoqw/bernie_today_on_the_senate_floor/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf

Pretty sure we can all agree that Bern is 100000% better than Sleepy. Dude keeps calling Harris “President Elect-Harris” god damn it.
Die icln you cunt whore
Top is in
Bovada has Alabama -180
I’m feeling like this next cannabis spike could be the one that never comes back down
🤡
Tell Amazon that... tell Walmart that. All this pandemic did is expedite E-commerce. Brick and mortar isn’t the play. Distribution centers / retail is...
You've cracked the code!
sound like they tried to ge you to talk to retard to manage your money for you
Google.com
Nobody seems nervous, everyone seems to be on the idea that holding shares u til mid year next year will be easy gains. Holding shares myself
How tf does he have money left? And when did he short it? Is he still holding on thinking it'll go back to $60 a share?
Almost same for me but take out the girl and insert the party scene.
It's already in Los Angeles, where OG COVID is already out of control. We're fucked lol
bruh
Most people think the company shouldn’t be valued what it is right now so most people are paying a premium out bidding each other to buy puts. Buy calls, trust me it’s looking like a sure thing based on how many people are buying puts!
Once he loses his shirt, he’ll shut up. Trust me.
Inkscape! To be honest I have no idea how to create memes.
I remember when I was new to options
It's an iceberg order. The full amount only shows up after hours
Hope it goes back down so I can buy some more
[removed]
I was hoping that there was a pull back to $155 pre earnings honestly but it looks like that isn’t gonna happen.  Stock is up over 100% in the last 3 months. It’s due for a correction but I’m probably gonna snag some Feb calls at open tomorrow
You felt the life force in you draining, for years. One fast food meal and one night in your mom's basement at a time. Your life was safe and comfortable, but dangerously so. Your life was devoid of risk and, thus, thrill. Hell, you didn't even *drive a car* anymore. The transformation was slow. So slow, you didn't realize it was happening. Until you discovered options.

Your first 10 bagger made your heart race in a way it hadn't since...well, it had never raced that way. But you knew immediately it was good somehow. Natural. You knew your body was supposed to feel that alive. Options created the same cocktail of bravery and stupidity that made your ancestors climb down from the tree. A cocktail that killed many, but was essential to pushing *everyone* forward. For the first time in your life, you felt connected to this truth of things--to your own courage, to your own manhood.

But, of course, this is ridiculous. You are still in your mom's basement, and those are just colored lines, zigzagging across a screen. Usually downward. The saber-toothed tigers are all dead. You're bald. You can't get up without a pill. Options are not The Great Hunt nor the lost destiny of your Y chromosome. They are an illusion. Snake oil. Options won't make you a man. Nothing will.
"Hello gentlemen, I'm here to teach you youR ABCs. Agony, Brutality, and Crying." - Jet Fusion
Just looked today... -6.5%

Fuck mate that hurts me
I don’t get it
Been warning y’all forever
With a brain that big this motherfucker can’t be wrong? 🧠
If I were your wife’s bf, I’d slap you across the face so hard rn.
Yup. Someone unlike us who would buy low and sell high. This could be the top for tesla
Holy fuck, those are going to be a milly in a year. Congrats and fuck you
What a legend.
Lets be honest.  If he somehow wasn't aware of that before buying he's not gonna hold long enough to get those warrants anyways.
Mitch has a loose anus.
ARK's cash positions are getting really big. Cathie not confident or too much cash inflows recently?
You live and you learn. Dont dwell my dude, learn and move forward
RIP
He’ll go real quiet after he blows up his account
Look at this big baller here throwing around the real money
Yup.
You belong here.
He meant he does it when his sister wasn’t there but doctor thought he does it when she’s there.

Only genius people can understand that
Downvoting won't bring ur money back 🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡
PSTH was one of the few SPACs up today. Hope this is a good sign.
Was he the guy that started crying?
The question is how to notice when the correction starts. At the moment all indices like sp500, nasdaq, dax and so on climb. The companies in europe can only exist with help from the government. That means they aren’t healthy. And that means they’re overvalued right now. But everything climbs because of FED and EZB. 🤷‍♂️ I have the feeling that I should do some puts on the indices. So that I can save/hedge my longterm portfolio. But I think nothing will correct. Instead there will be new alltime highs everywhere. 🤷‍♂️
Cathie agrees with you.

I disagree.

Having said that, PLTR to the moon. 

/thread
lots of talk about cathie wood but no love for tasha keeney?
Hope you’re right
Have lots of kids, good for economy and stocks go up. Look at shitty Europe economy, they arent having any kids.
My gf recently found my reddit account and she might actually know how fcking autistic I am now
Nice
[removed]
Someone took investing advice from WSB, lost their shirt, and has now lost their integrity with the downvote tantrum.
[removed]
probably gone keep buying MT and CLF on dips
Cathie gets me so hot 😩
China
Ironically it seems like most the
People that post there are like 18. Nobody ever tells them to focus on growth stocks either
What r vegas odds for college football championship?
I stand corrected.  It’s Peaky FOOK’IN Blinders.  Long may they live.
We aren’t gonna head a peep from FL. The idiotic governor messes with data, definitely will mess with the new strain
feels good to see a few VIX gang peeps speaking up. I'm def riding thru the runoffs. Like the guy or not-Trump will not go out with a whimper/ he's going to do something to rock the boat/ elections. let alone what will happen with a dem sweep
Bezos bought Zoox do late, it’s funny. He probably never wanted to get into capital-intensive products and services. AWS is a cash machine. He’s now realize there’s a bigger machine.
Dude I bought boeing.. 
Did you see the dip it's on now after corona? It's practically free money. Guaranteed to x2/x3 in price on the way back up in 2021. Same goes for other airlines and oil companies.
Magic crayons ftw
she dont suck ur dick

u suck hers
interesting. BIDU was mooning today too. Wonder why Cathie wants it?
But CNBC would be fucked if they couldn’t sell the narrative!
Yah man I know :-/

Squandered my gains from this year, Grinding right now hoping to be able to sell theta one day.
this place is in shambles
Just wait till you see what I can do with a 5 pack of crayolas
Imagine thinking TSLA isn’t going to hit $1,000 in the next 6 months
Remember when Ackman called CNBC and said the world was gonna end and he fears for his children’s life only to subsequently profit 2 bil off his shorts
Imagine buying SNAP 55c 1/8 at the top. 

I did that, I bought one call
Let peasants celebrate their mini “accomplishment”
Whose Mitch?
I’m a doctor now but baseball was so much better haha
I agree and MT will benefit bigly.
Nice!
It's my favorite past time.
750-800 if basing it on SPY
Thanks.   When you say you sell when IV is high, are you doing spreads?    You’re not selling naked calls right?
This evening’s email update
lend out enough shares at 200% of float were probably getting there, and they'll never have to cover.
Created in Windows 3.1 paint.
[removed]
This I can 100%agree with. Way to many low effort GME posts atm. It reminds me of to much PLTR spam a few weeks ago.
F Etrade.
It’s like coke
Its clearly just an arbitrage opportunity when he knows the stock will hit $50
i reposted this on my instagram and gave you credit
[deleted]
Had a seat on the Tesla rocket to Mars and pulled the rip cord before leaving the atmosphere. FML. Coulda been in Valhalla.
Lol, hit 694.20 at 4:02. Hahaha.
We're gonna need all the neurodivergents we can get if we want to win the existence game.
No one cares about granny supporting your gambling addiction with your parents money, you fetus
just use your projected net worth for the application
melvin is melvin capital, who has large short positions on GME. It's an investing firm full of boomer cucks.
Adamantium hands this time, I’ll never be a paper bitch again!
I'm a millennial with a boomer brain long on index funds and humanity. Moderna vaccine was designed in a way that has less chance for longer term efficacy risks.  If I didn't have a boomer brain I'd buy the moderna dip. 

Upvote for DD on why I feel this way.
Energy is going to break out here soon. 

RDS.D, CVX, XOM

Refineries went hard today. PSX, COP, VLO
I think tesla will drop too but damn short 500 shares of tesla is a risky ass move
Never said impressed... Said interested in. If you 5x your account in OTMs I'll be interested in it.

Not sure of you know this or not but if you have a strategy that can 5x your account balance you can follow the same formula whether you have $100 or $100m and the stretegy will still 5x your account.
Make yourself a watchlist for the holdings if you trade FNGU.
Why is the front page only memes now
Live in your regret. Imagine what could’ve been man
Agreed they could have done it for  unemployed folks atleast.
I deserve to be banned. Just for this you should be banned too
Gatekeeping...
Commodities going to rip 2021
I got in a little early, but these opportunities don’t present themselves very often. I’m riding it through the runoff
Wallstreetoasis.com already has that idea
One day homie, me and you!
Ah yes that trader on YouTube who went from delivering your mail to now walking around with $600 shirts that say GUCCI across his chest is someone you want to be taking financial advice from.
Well yeah, he needs a 🕳
Think apples better for the next month but don’t listen to me
Wait until they take their first big L
Slow down you can’t make him a millionaire over night.
Consumers don't want inventory spread around the nation. They want to walk in one place and walk out with a full build with a reasonable amount of choice, on the same day, for a competitive price. If one thing is missing, you may as well buy the whole thing on Amazon.

You simply cannot get that experience in a GameStop-sized store format. Even a smaller Best Buy would be tight.
LVM 🐻 VS HVM BULLS
You see the shit these idiots rub on the walls here. This is art.
You got time, there will be more
Nice
Moved 50k 2 weeks ago from TDA to Etrade to try out the Etrade platform. Was placed on account restriction and could not trade until I spoke to an “advisor.” Two weeks and four calls (each lasting more than 30 minutes of waiting before getting disconnected) later, i still cannot get through Etrade’s lines to talk to someone. Fuck you etrade, if you want to force me to talk to a bullshit advisor, at least put me through. Transferred my 50k back to TDA. Never again will I use Etrade.
Pretty sure it's 31st for US.
If a new covid strain came out of florida it would crash the market
[removed]
I thought I was a degenerate retard wsber, and I still might be, but I think I might also have thetagang tendencies.
I need an empty house and my sister comes over all the time
Absolutely
lmao im 80% spacs in my account. diamond hands
[deleted]
Mmmmmm sweeeeet TSLA tendies:

[https://imgur.com/a/a9naiRK](https://imgur.com/a/a9naiRK)
So many Cathie trimming TSLA comments. I guess these retards don’t understand what proper portfolio management is. 😂
Good response, I’ll look into American cable
This just reminds me of my wife having sex with her boyfriend
when you have tendies
Who’s the dickhead that lost all their money and is now downvoting every post
My idiot friend Shalen
Well did you make money??
My account hits a new low as the market reaches ATH. nicee
wtf?
the Queen.
====

dont get it fucked up
In math she’s my solution
I bought 33 shares. Hoping for some quick tendies!
I really hope his wife has a boyfriend.
Risky - one never knows how their gov't will treat them. Or how the USA will treat them. But BABA does well worldwide. I've been buying options on the dips and selling when it goes up.
One of my biggest regrets is quitting baseball in college. I was nasty in high school, threw right, hit left for power. Got to college and a girl ruined it because I couldn’t handle my emotions. Probably my biggest regret to date. 😞
Fookin
Futes are dead , only like 3 algos trading them. Everyone on vacation
Right.

I'd prefer or hear some millionaire regale me with his tales of the day he won $2,500 on the blackjack tables.
[deleted]
If you think MT was an elaborate P&D scheme, you are retarded and will not survive in this market. Learn fundamentals.
Just like an anti-vax’s child
Hadn't seen that thanks. I feel slightly less retarded
Now this is the quality buffoonery I’m here for. 
Your logic checks out but GE I think is too far gone to make a come back. My personal logic is to pick up some broader infrastructure picks like the holdings in IFRA
fuckin ded
Does masturbating count as a hobby?
[Arks' trades today](https://i.ibb.co/hKjQVzH/image.png)
Bezos is going to lose his numba onee crown soon if Tsla keeps mooning like this
I’m kinda retarded and only own shares. I’m guessing this chart means bad news?
-WIFE’S BOYFRIEND
Google will be regulated and broken up. Best days are in the past.
Yeah when you guys where fucking each other in the ass. Fake Chads
Stone cold creamery!
To the moon and Valhalla we ride shiny and chrome💎🤲🏼
[removed]
You don’t sound like you’re holding strong. Sounds like you’re a paper handed bitch.
Lol r/stocks is celebrating 1M subs.. WSB 1.7M strong😎😎😎
I’m going to start selling otm options and capture 100% premium to impress you
that's fair. do you see a rotation into a specific industry/sector for Q1 of '21 happening?
These dudes are out downvoting again. Bro if you lost money today you're just dogshit at the stock market, quit now
I’m not gonna persuade you how fast EVs are gonna come 30-40%
Gay bear hunting other gay bears for anal? That’s your Craigslist add post ur welcome
Gilf queen
When wsb goes full-tilt, go short. You’ll make a fortune but sorry tards, no one wants your sex dolls
I feel like people harvested already.  Many stocks are up over the year.
I buy 100 shares when pltr dips then sell when  goes up 50c or doller I been doin this for weeks easy $$ I have some long shares too about 400
Oh, /r/Wallstreetbets, trick me like that again and I'll *fucking kill you.*
I watched a few of his videos and half of the video was him talking about how he is “no bullshit” and not fake. Yeah, no thanks
How long have you been trading options-UUumm 10 years sounds good.

What is your yearly income-115k

Truth: never traded options and makes 1.5k/month working at McDonald’s

Fidelity:Approved here’s some margin for short selling in case you want to fuck your self.
Nobody messes with the Peaky FUCKING Blinders.
I relate...
Sounds like a certain daily thread... 👀
Bezos, would be cool if you do Stock Split
Did you tell her that you were talking to imaginary retards on the internet?
Who the hell buying PSTH at $27. Lmao
cathie needs to come over and give me one of them ark blowjobs
meanwhile all of the whales around here follow this exact strategy: go in hard on shares and some options on one big play... see any number of posts about pltr or gme or now psth

everyone laughed at the gme guy and now hes up a few million
Cathie sold 20k of her tesla shares today.
The last time we laughed at r/dividend the guy's yearly return was like three percent.

I use that as my bench mark.
My Doctor: "How often do you ejaculate"

Me: "Depends on how often my sister comes over"

I think he misunderstood what I was trying to explain.
shit tomorrow is thursday
You can still sell CC on stocks that are in an up trend. Be sure you keep the strike price well above your cost basis and be prepared to accept that you profit will be capped if the price of the underlying jumps above whatever strike you sold the CC at.
It gets worse
Who is this Cathy?
TUT TUT 🚀
ALLLLLLL ABBOOOOAAARDDD. ORANGE MAN GON ROCK THE BOAT
Market close early tomorrow or at 3?
Jimmy from San Diego?
Oh wait it doesn’t exist
on what exactly? SPY?
I think the cut off was 2 days ago
Show me the proof 150 to 150
The thought of that is absolutely hilarious.
Robinhoods a fun game
Bingo perhaps
Before anybody shorts anything they should do a little reading on short strategy....you never short something because it’s high, you short when it starts to fall.
Here's a fun game!!! Edge until JD hits 90 and bust when it surpasses!!! I have been playing this game for 5 days straight and am only 10 cent's away from my reward 😁😁😁😁
don't pull out tonight
Black bear ain't shit. Grizzly bear the one you gotta worry about
So that’s how you get the 60 baggers you just have to hold them for a long time
Yes, i'm pretty sure someone knows
Ahh got it...forgot about those bad boys.
There's not point in reading about some retard winning a FD lottery ticket they spent their monthly allowance on any more than there is talking to the geriatric smoker at the casino who just won a 100$ jackpot on penny slots.
TSLA collapse is going to be so cathartic. We need a cleansing
It's out in the open animosity
Ban
Less money equals more porn potential though.
Me too pls
Gravity bad
Please for the love of everything holy AMZN get back over 3300 tomorrow!
Short positions had to close today due to T+1 rule for tax years. Long positions are still at play and can be closed tmrw. Most positions that needed to be closed are already by now imho
The 1 minute volume at market close for TSLA was 420,000 with a closing price of damn near 694.20. You tell me that’s not market manipulation!
What if Disney made an EV car.....for KIDS.....😯
>EV adoption will drive necessity of everything I’m writing here

Yes. Someday. Tesla Roadster production started in 2008. What's your investment horizon?
buy low sell high
Yeah I'm a gay bear loaded with SPY and QQQ call leaps. Genius.
Why would you go in on...PLTR....you are a fool and a coward
LOL ALWAYS INVERSE CITRON 🤡
[deleted]
[deleted]
Man I hate that James mother fucker. Jesus he likes nothing
[deleted]
I see you did a ghost edit....

Noice.
i laughed so hard at this my wife asked who tf i was talking to
LETS GET IT!!
LOL. BRUH who are these.
i actually have a 25k account but go off dip shit
My favorite so far was Parasyte... but im kinda an anime noob. Only watched like 4-5. Most recent is Kill La Kill.
Unfamiliar with eToro, but if it’s like Robinhood they will still lend out shares even if it’s cash secured. In order to prevent this, sell your held shares at a completely unreasonable price so that there is a pending market order on all the shares preventing them from lending and letting you cancel the order at anytime to maintain control over your shares.
Lmao I remember those days!
I took my protein pills.
Hey Downvoter! FUCK YOU, YOUR ACCOUNT, AND YOUR WIFE!
Where is the so called short squeeze...lol
I just have a bunch of stock in my portfolio that I’m holding for the long term and I sometimes get options envy until I see some of the loss posts and then I’m no way
Enron  🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
O ok my bad
Same I'll always have TVIX in June though.
Those are some expensive ass calls
Also it was closer to 100 then 120 so your def a gay gay bear
I don’t think either of them knows what an iron condor is
I'm thinking there is a reality check at earnings and we get an entry point at $150, which is still stratospheric
Ok boomer
Do you get a free stonk with Reddit gold?
Yea, I love robinhood for making it feel like a game lol. It honestly makes trading enjoyable aka easier.
Wait for Thursday next week
Cathie been buying Nintendo
vix gang WYA?
Michael Burry seems to agree with you https://whalewisdomalpha.com/scions-q2-13f-portfolio-big-call-position-goog/
Bro you have a 2k account. Stick to /r teenagers
Jokes on you, I was a manchild for the years I didn't game too.
Cathie.
ya exactly....think about it...that much money on the line, and wsb identified as the center of GME bullishness. Goddamn right they gonna do it. SAme way celebs and politicians use twitter bots to be like "u go girl" etc.
no the kid asking about atvi
thats little boy stuff


we only play with Inverse Broken Wing Butterflies 'round these parts
For an evening
Pltr at any affordable strike
Wow my life is nothing without Jimmy Chill
hey thanks for that, it was a very clear explanation.
Just ordered a thousand shares
fast money gme summary:

boomer on fast money doesnt like gme

black bear whos long vix the last three months doesnt like gme

millenial said said its a good play, worst is behind them
[deleted]
This is my first year trading, and I feel like Dec 31st is a prime-time for tax-loss harvesting so I'm expecting tomorrow to be red or sideways and prob not going to play. Am I way off?
You’re going to get roasted on all of those puts
Tacticus wassup? 1v1 no scope me on rust bruh
5k 5k
Yeah because according to this genius, SPX going from $1500 to $1500 in 13 years is definitely not flat. No wonder most of you lose money all the fucking time.
Okay, here’s my gripe with learning options. Options are useless, absolutely useless if you don’t have a way to predict where the stock is going to go. KC doesn’t do too much FA or TA teaching which is the most important part of trading.
[removed]
He's just the designated scapegoat this time around.

Nancy agreed to take the heat by blocking the $1200 checks before the election, now it's his turn.
Buddy of mine just started trading options and won't shut the fuck up now.  BRO DID YOU SEE TESLA TODAY, OMG BJLBALHNBLAHDLGJKNLKQENT OIQHEOUIGHNOIQWng oliueq
Just shut the fuck up cnbc you don’t know shit
Baba pls m00n
xvideos was always the superior platform

don't @ me
ARKK trimmed .5% worth of TSLA. Trimming for other plays I assume
eyeing it. but still haven't bought
GILD??
This motherfucker failed basic math and thinks he's got the market figured out lmao
Some fuck gave Himax a $11 price target and the stock moved up almost 25%. $7 puts for Jan 15 hella cheap rn
QS, PENN

Sold BLNK, NIO and NET
PLEAS
CNBC podcast just had a review on GME a few mins ago. They said they don't believe in GME and they said to sell. Someone from wsb called them to ask the question.
Onlyfans.com/PSTH
XL might put me on the streets if it keeps playing with me like this
Strangely, the options didn't budge on robinhood all day. Maybe they don't work very well right after ticker change lol
Needs more crayon I have no clue what this means
Leaps on WMT
No sell the fund and make mgmt fees. Not work against the strat
U fuk
I exited a NIO swing this morning and had cash on the sidelines so I picked up the VISA 225.50c at $.26. Held too long today and theta crushed me on these, they were 0.14 EOD so I am down almost 50% of the position. 

Now I'm holding some really expensive fliers for me tomorrow
I typically do individual stocks/sectors since it's easier to get a feel for the directional bet to place.
Got the hot sauce for dem toes...
Lightsheds' Rich Greenfield he is trader
If earnings is 2/11 and your call is for 2/19, when do you sell?
moon
WSB individual purchases of their stock/options for a long 3-6mo position is not going to move the needle on these massive steel conglomerates, and neither will choosing not to buy them, but it might help us individuals make some money and live a little more comfortably. Don't confuse living within a system for being the system that most of us are not empowered to change.
[deleted]
> authoritarianism is not “part” of fascism

[Here you go. First sentence ](https://www.oxfordreference.com/view/10.1093/oi/authority.20110803095811414)

> Trump is not in league with the government 

He is literally the government :D

Okay, using legal means to overturn the election results is now illegal. Yep makes sense...

I hope you read up on what fascism actually is by reading up on Mussolini, Hitler and neo-fascism to get an idea of what you are talking about.

Was a pleasure debating you. I hope you will be less narrow-minded and immature in the future
Whoever was bitching about Boomers ruining the sub below the 12 year old down vote brigade is fucking lovely.
[https://ibb.co/Kh1S9tX](https://ibb.co/Kh1S9tX)
GME AGAHAGGGGG
ARKW & ARKK bought a combined 900,000 shares of BIDU today. Cathie Wood always up to no good. 🚀
lol this guy thinks fundamentals matter to TSLA
Please kill yourself in a painful way
Fucking lol
LOL
Man my 20c got crushed today that I bought last week. I’m getting an impression that this stock is like a slow sinking ship. No matter how many shares ARK buy, the stock keeps dropping.:/
Always my dude
[removed]
Clitcoin
i [upgraded](https://ibb.co/zx4m5B4) your picture with a higher price target
where is everyone getting this cathie selling tsla info from
😂
[deleted]
Oooh a good dip to buy tomorrow morning.
Downvote if ur gey
There was a huge bull run, not flat and then a recession
Ya IM gonna need RIOT to open at 19-20 to save my account from blowing up
fubo still looking to hier a VP of investor relations, has no IR person on their squad

they aren't pumping shit and the lockup expires next week.... 20P here we go

[https://boards.greenhouse.io/fubotv](https://boards.greenhouse.io/fubotv)
[deleted]
Lol
Tesla sold in ARKK was only 0.5% of holdings chill lol
If you see an arbitrage opportunity you have to ask yourself if you think the price will be higher when it's exercisable. So if it's 11.50 strike price and the warrants are $3 then do you think the stock will be $14.50 at that time?
At first I thought it would be ridiculous to pay people to troll on here, but at the amount of money the shorts are set to lose, it does make sense and the uptick in FUD isn't natural imo
Thank you for this tip 👍🏻
Well, yes, but it's going to have to happen without the support of the Senate unless something changes drastically.
Cathy must’ve gotten a Nintendo Switch for Christmas and is currently selling turnips to an orange pig in Animal Crossing.
Dear God, please have mercy on my spy puts
Ipoc?????
Who’s the 🇬🇧🚬 who’s downvoting?
Hold until Covid is gone. That'll show who is boss.
Bullish on the dickheadery
Imagine spending your time downvoting every comment. Get a job losers lol
Buy the dip
Should I get into Tesla now? I can only afford 5 shares lmao when is the next split?
This is the way
Truth. I was doing so well for like 2 months, now down 90%
Should have bought more NIO today
in 5 years they could be. Did I ever say it would reach that level within a year? Obviously not. But even if it got to 50B it would be a 1000% gain from where they are at now.
I'd you're not in any of that list of phase then probably not for quite awhile. 

The distribution and actual poking of ppl is going pretty meh apparently
Just had one and I miss it
[deleted]
First season the best
when you see a fatty red candle right after you buy
That's me working from home holding a presentation over Teams whilst tryna keep an eye on my FD's
She didn’t sell any bidu. She bought 184,557 shares
This is fine and great and whatever I'm happy for the guy but I made 30 times his yearly gain accidentally collecting dividends while swing trading over the summer.
What did you buy today
>fucking gatling gun downvotes

Fucking beautiful lol.
[removed]
Wrong sub. Ban.
Urbandictionary.com
That’s called a weekday.
Accurate.
She's 2yrs older than me.
I’m on the finale of season 1 rn

That’s disappointing lol
I wish he uploaded more but as someone who makes things knows it would mean taking a dump on the quality.
That's why I got a Fubo subscription a couple years ago. But it was about $25 back then. Way too much now, plus a shit ton of channels no one would ever watch. Puts on Fubo.
Don't need to because your chart already shows exactly what I said. Get an eye doctor idiot.

SPY in 2000: $150s

SPY in 2013: $150s
TBH that's not a lot of capital to do what I suggested.
GME pump on CNBC lol
Oh damn I thought you meant 2 mill $$ 😂 not 2 mill shares. Gotcha gotcha. It’s a micro cap that falls into the penny category, yeah
$GANDHI
if you haven't seen "don't be a menace to south central", you shouldn't be trading
[deleted]
[deleted]
The premiums on F are pretty low, but you have so many shares you can make it up in the number of contracts you can sell IF you’re planning to hold them a while.

What’s your cost basis on the shares?
You don't understand how PLTR works. 

You don't understand how percentages work.

And you don't understand how the word "literally" works. 

Literally everything you wrote is wrong.
I'd eat her ass
Only first season
I see I just started following the email chain so I didn’t know
🎻
I think they up-charge the menu. Either way I view all of them as race to the bottom businesses. I’ve recently joined theta gang myself and have been looking for good covered calls/naked put plays.
NIO green AH means $51 tmrw
Why the fuck are you on tik tok
no such thing in murrica
True Detective’s a solid show

Highly recommend
[removed]
So, realistically, how much are weed stonks going to pump with the dems winning Georgia?
Also you tards should know that Peter Theils private equity fund is Tilrays largest shareholder. You know the guy who cofounded palantir.
Yea it is also in anti trust hell.
True she’s bought about 1.5% of ARKG into Roche tho
source?
You could have bought the day AFTER Cohen's S-1 came out and been up 25%.
[removed]
Lol not anymore
CNBC talking GME stonks rn. They said sell. Damn paper handed boomers
u/Chuck_Embargo and I go way back bruh
Moving from sp400 to 500
Damn cathie with another Nintendo buy today. That’s like a week straight for her. Must like them.
Post a chart that shows otherwise fuckwad... https://www.macrotrends.net/stocks/charts/SPY/spdr-s-p-500-etf/stock-price-history
Easy PnD
GME puts fuck your mother
sure
GME on fast money
Yeah which is peasant amount. Kinda rough I'd you needed the help
Not "save," just buy time, or postpone the inevitable. If you're short or buying puts, you're on a timeline.
[deleted]
Then the only option is to exercise all the uncovered calls he sold so you both lose money.
r/AJelqForUs
NIO TO FIDDY BY TOMORROW
Downvote party lit in here.  Someone lost a lot of money and got nothing better to do 🥴
Dis dick
But when there is the time where you know it’s right to get in a short term option? 
I have an example. T had download records with WW84 and HBOmax. I think in january there will be the next earnings? Will the days before be the right time to get in? For example if you bet that HBO caused a gain in the earnings?
[deleted]
Is it too late to jump on BIDU? Cathie likes BIDU more than BABA
lol is this downvote brigade gonna be a nightly thing now on
LVM are downvoters
Hope you don’t have palantir puts
You know people got burned bad today cuz there's no awards, just fucking gatling gun downvotes
Source?
those post deserve to get ban and blocked....
I only use yahoo search bro

thats what PIMPS use
I made my biggest gains on a dozen TVIX shares last march. Shit was wild.
Oh noooo jimmy and his gme calls
If they're from the same dad, not so bad if he's not a complete tool.  If both the kiddos have different daddies, bounce before she goes 3 for 3!
Yea that’s what happens when you have a 10% limit of your portfolio in one stock. Do you just talk and not know anything?
She has to, it’s called managing an etf
RIOT CALLS literally free money
Obligatory this is the way
You can find it in /r/options, or use a screener. It also helps to know what's in the news and what's being talked about on this sub.
True.
MAMA CATHIE SELLIN TSLA OH LAWD
Cathie sold a lot of TSLA today and a lot of BIDU.
She’s from Thailand
Says the fucking moron.
they've been buying it for many weeks now
followed her on tak today
[deleted]
Google (and similar) grabs like 30c of every dollar spent on ecommerce.  That might sound good to you, but sounds like a dinosaur ripe for disruption or breakup to me.
Wheeeeel bitches
google isnt a monopoly, theres hundreds of search engines, we just all choose google, lucky them
She was a guy... I didn’t read the article lol
Haha, same here. Fuck you Disney+ charging me for Mulan. I lost literally 100x that, let me watch it for free
lmaoooooooo yea that pissed me off multiple times
Be the change you want to see in the world
It’s literally 10% of her portfolio and she keeps it that way everyday someone says same thing
BHP is the largest miner in the world, PTR is the largest oil company in Asia (is a "drilling" company a "mining" company?).

That's what you're comparing to a magnet miner who owns one mountain?
LHA needs to be shorted. I know bears are gay, but this shit needs to dropp harder like my jaw when I see anime tiddies.
they have 3% in cash why let it sit
My eyes are fine.

SPX in August 2000: 1500

SPX in December 2013: 1500
wait if you don't have kids you're only getting $600
[deleted]
My guy!
Covered calls=same collateral with less delta. No thx. I want leverage
That’s racist. Chinese prefer their bats in egg roll.
really insignificant % though she just eases into positions
They’re all over MT. I’m a CLF man. It’s been my workhorse for the past 5 months and hasn’t let me down.
[removed]
broke asses having 1 share of Tesla isn’t owning Tesla. Even ten shares.
“WE SMASHED IT” 
“WE BUILT THIS” 
“DESTROYED”
Alright r/FemaleDatingStrategy, quit downvoting!
Not even close man. The volume that day was 1.1B. it was fucking stupid. And that 2 mil of stock only cost like $2k. So uhhh micro penny stocks? Is that a thing?
I am -1 Vale 03/19/2021 11 P. Gonna collect my 19 dollars foooor suuuure
So did you fuckers have a meeting and decide to infiltrate Fast Money today?
Vol is here to stay imo based on low commissions plus popularity of trading
[deleted]
I read this as give them COVID.
GME!!!!!!
Does that mean short?
how about broader market volatility...i have uvxy/vix/vxx calls
boomers figured out how to down vote or what?
The risk is second to all
12/31
I wouldn't even know how you'd get to the "the dark web."  And I don't think I should google it....
finally someone ENLIGHTENED! I considered hanging with a trans girl once. I thought it would get me cool points. but then I was like well does she (yes, she bro) have a dick? I don't know if I  WANT that per say
I plan to spend around 30k on the calls
Yeah you’re right lol my b
Nah it will turn bear some years. Probably as soon as stock trading becomes seen as something boomers do again. Right now it's trendy to trade stocks, so when the fad dies the market will likely do some corrections, especially on overvalued stocks like Zoom. It's already begun for Zoom to some degree.
[deleted]
Good DD

I'm in
If you were going to buy any one call to hold for 1 full year for those swanky cap gains rates... 

What would it be?
More than one person can know someone
The markets the game and Robinhood is the platform I use to play. Boomers just upset people are quadrupling their yearly returns
Youtube Movies is good, 3.99 to rent. 100% worth it.
Well besides that I just received my pair of robinhood socks and custom robinhood wireless charger, maybe it wasn't such a bad year after all.
Some people aren’t a fan of dark chocolate and some ain’t a fan of white chocolate
[removed]
[deleted]
How did that work out for you LMAO
SEC filings retard... plus they are cash strapped. What do you think
TSLA. 

Am I close?
Then you would not be able to see his face and how fucked he is, as are the legacy autos.
I’m convinced stocktwits has a bunch of bots both bullish and bearish
>m personally going to continue investing. This is just a lesson to me. Don't buy weeklies, don't put too much into options. Diversify. Ignore "YOLO" and "FOMO" feelings. Spend more time on sane 

new here. who is melvin
There is a 60 minute delay fetching comments.

I will be messaging you in 17 days on [**2021-01-16 22:32:27 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2021-01-16%2022:32:27%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://np.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kn61hp/this_should_be_fun/ghjml0x/?context=3)

[**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fkn61hp%2Fthis_should_be_fun%2Fghjml0x%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202021-01-16%2022%3A32%3A27%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%20kn61hp)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|
Cathie buying Nintendo back to back days what’s going on?
Sex
r/inclusiveor
It’s a great strategy and has worked well for me. Just remember not to start holding calls til they expire worthless the first time you sell early and miss out on 1500% gains
[deleted]
Me. SoCal is a hotspot right now
Disgusting.
Cathie sold TSLA lmao
Stay away bro, she's looking for a meal ticket and poking holes in your condom
Don’t do that. Don’t give me hope.
What was the website someone made to show trends in the daily chat about which stocks we are talking about? Thx.
Americans finally got their fill of wars I think.  Late 1960s-1970s same way from Vietnam.  Whenever the government is pissing away trillions on wars stonks suffer.
1v1 rust?
google it?
get her back bro
BIDU might have some more upside.  But I would not compare it with NIO or TSLA.  One is a quack, the other 2 are real doctors.
Seems like you did a lot of dd. Google will grow a lot next years. They also go more and more into businesses solutions which get implented in big companies.
Based on today, you might just get what you want!
ARK released their trades for the day

Cathie still bullish on ARKG, all she does is buy 😊
Been accumulating LUMN since 8 something. Even with SPYD, though, you only need to put down 200-400 to average a dollar a month in dividends. Same for PFE. I almost wonder if he's got some wonky ass setup where he's got his dividend dates staggered so he's literally getting a dollar a month. I kinda hope so, honestly.
Cathy selling TSLA
Let me make it more simple for a retard such as yourself. It makes your stocks go "brrrr"
800-400 i kept buying when it was dropping my biggest mistake when I first bought i could of sold for a 900 profit tho I decided to hold and buy more to adverage out my first Yolo with options
Call jg wentworth pussy
Kind of fucked up but $1200 vs $2000 wouldn't have been much of a difference for a family of four in current setup. (still meaningful for an individual tho).

Two adults + two kids = $4,800 max before

Two adults + two kids = $5,200 (if 2k for adult passed and $600 for kids remained)

Of course what we're really getting is :

Two adult + two kids = $2,400

Which is pretty fucking sad.

Moral of the story is: don't be poor and don't have kids.
Perdue won last month, just didnt get the 50% minimum.  
Too soon for GA to go full Dem
I have the June 450 call and I sold the 480.
If you're actually asking this question, why not cut to the chase and just your money to a Nigerian prince now.
Send me a link so I know what sites to stay away from.
🤷🏻‍♂️
Cathy sold tesla, tsm and bought more tak and biadu.
This poster is a fucking idiot
But if your money was in them then inflation didn’t affect you
Sounds like you have some pent up animosity towards your friend
Everyone else seeing that the stimmy status website is down :/
Yeah, why?
NEED MOAR BUYING POWA
This girl hit me up with a boyfriend. She told me she was in love with me. Now her and the boyfriend both text me he says she’s crazy that’s why she acts up. She left me know and is again back with him... for now
Forgot to sell
[deleted]
which leaps
[deleted]
Blaire White is hot for a trans girl

Lauren Southern is HOT for a guy
Why’re people excited about EPNH? News after hours?
[removed]
My July 25s throw tendies every day
Because obviously  that’s not what it is anymore and you don’t like it ...
Aaaaaaaaaaand it’s gone...
Bad idea. Don't let his retardation infect your mind.
These apple 12/31 134C gonna BRrRrRrRr tomorrow
[deleted]
Good luck, in all sincerity...
Where do you think market time is when the market is called the **New York** stock exchange?
how do you do this with a $1k account?
u wanna go? just name the time date and place.

Oh? What's that? ur afraid to back up ur hateful retoric? 

thought so ;)
[deleted]
Imma go july $22.5's
It gets worse as you get older. The plus side is they(single moms) will do *anything* to get a stable man - just try not to get attached.
Well coming from you.. yea..... I guess it’s time to go buy a néw house cuz I’m gonna be rich from being a math wiz. Thanks bro
[removed]
680
🙏🙏 that’s what I like to hear
It gets easier but man i miss them
I rode it up to $30 from $10, sold, bought back in at $23 and sold at $24 something. I wasn’t close to a margin call I just expected the downtrend to continue and when this stock starts falling with any conviction, it drills. Didn’t want to chance it and missed out on some gains
Man that sucks. Congress hasn't adjusted the commuter tax benefit to capture those high cost areas.
Funniest shit I’ve seen in a while
Just buy anything the past 8 months and you should have made money
The big brain is taking up all the calories and space
You bought the bottom of the November up-trend channel.  I hope it holds!
Only $5900 in your bank account?
How the hell did you lose that trade. I crushed V
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dMRdMP4OPgE
Tesla is like that cute gf next door everybody was with in the beginning of the year then people started to cheat on her in stupid shit like slv, prpl, rocket, pltr, GME, insert your meme stock here. And now she's hitting ath people are crawling back to her now.
When will I get my vaccine? I want to go out again
Would buy
is there legit insider trading on the darkweb or is that site a scam
If you hate money.
Why would I make it when that’s literally what wsb is?
Rare earth elements are not rare in the earth, the problem is the refining process which is notoriously difficult to do cleanly. This is why China has a monopoly on it. If REE prices spike, mp will suddenly find a lot of competition. They already have competition from the banned oz miner, who actually have a full mining-refinement chain in operation, sully outside china, unlike MP. 

Another banned american miner also has a functioning mill in the usa, which mp does not have (yet). Another startup in TX is picking out a mountain that is superior to MPs mountain pass.

This is not a 100 Bn dollar company. This is a miner who has a good marketing team and a decent resource who is exploiting a gap between realizing China can't be relied on and the inevitable rush for miners to equalize prices.
A literal donkey could’ve made money this year. Go ahead and YOLO that 20K young man, good luck. Lol
🎰 actually. Meme year gets a meme close
gonna go buy it rn so we can hold each others pp
how do u post pics to this website
The average person who will be out and about post COVID is going to be more interested in recouping money and will probably pick up more side gigs. This has become the hustle economy, and there is money for hustlers. I think work life balance will shift, more people working for far fewer hours for more companies at once. I think consumer spending and entertainment is going to be very warped for a long time, movies are going to become less and less compelling to people as time crunches continue to change our leisure time into a permanent on call status and the few hours or days we have to ourselves have increased pressure to hold meaning (sex, drinking, friends, experiences that are memorable rather than easily digestible media created for mass consumption) 

Automation is going to swallow a ton of transportation jobs within 10 years, unions are not strong enough to stop it, so jobs will shift towards interpersonal jobs, care givers, sex work, psychiatry, teachers, the medical field, physical therapy, and military personnel. We’re in housing bubble that is collapsing too, properties are worth staggering amounts with no real buyers. Rural and suburban areas, if they prioritize fast, cheap internet access will see a flood of telecommuters after the work from home test period shows beyond a shadow of a doubt that it’s more productive to have your labor force not sitting in traffic to sit at a desk surrounded by people they don’t necessarily like to do stuff they could have done from their living room. This means you don’t need to have a centralized location which means you can have a much broader talent pool. If humanity is going to make it, we are going to have to find a technological solution to warming, gonna likely be nuclear in addition to renewables, and those markets are going to accelerate as fossil fuels continue to decline, more cargoships are going to be nuclear powered, i think a lot of ships which have maybe another decade or 2 will be decommissioned for scrap as scrap steel prices increase into the coming year, and the new ones will likely utilize some kind of nuclear power. I think fighter jets will continue to require combustible fuels for the next 30 years, just with how heavy batteries are. It’s theoretically possible to design a nuclear jet but considering the state of a lot of the recent jet designs, I wouldn’t hang much hope on it at all. 

I’ve been doing a lot of window licker day dreaming about farming, like returning the ogallala aquifer to brimming levels and having people go to work on sustainable farms and kitchens which replenish the soils nutrient content rather than having buildings of pigs burned alive because they have less market value than it costs to feed them and pay for them to be processed (although honestly fuck pigs, they suck, pig lovers get fucked). I don’t have like some lib ass dream of pre-colonial america as some Native American paradise but if the Buffalo roam the plains in america again before I die, I would die happy.

Tl;Dr: PLTR $400 EOY🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Hello darkness, my old friend
I May enter Monday.
Mitch’s favorite
Should be you “wrote calls” but w/e
DUDE YES THIS SHIT I DO
LIKE!!!! Go get your health on track my dude❣️
Fuck!
What the fuck is this gay shit
Those are rookie numbers
Love the DD on this one. Nothing like picking a mega cap to moon. -1 though for forgetting 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Im gonna hold for awhile....”surely the bottom is in”
[deleted]
Gambling addiction
This is the way.
Lmao been hearing last day for tax losses since Monday 🤷‍♂️ Good thing I’m broke
What do you use to find low IV or high IV stocks?   A site?  Or just check the Greeks individually?
How are people still broke? 🤣🤣🤣 Just buy ICLN calls you dummies 🤣🤣🤣
Why do you hate money so much?
[removed]
TMO 6/18/21 500c is a semi-boomer play for you
RESPECT EARNED BRO!
Wendies, it’s honest livin’
Lol it's fine. It stands for real estate investment trust. They are tax advantaged because they have to pay out a certian threshold as dividends to shareholders each year but don't get taxed on it.

Alot of them are down big because they are all heavily debt laden, aren't collecting rent or got saved by the fed.
Depends on the ticker
Keep going.
You guys are like a little autistic cult and it’s cute
My commute cost 10k last year (and that's all post tax money!!!!) - fucking disgusting
Not a bear but ban for being a dickhead
You don’t like art?
Full Gore

https://youtu.be/KSTlnYOQyrw?t=135
Damn, got caught bag holding VISA dailies. Down 6k and have another 6k in $222.50c expiring tomorrow
google is a monopoly waited to be busted imo
I’m up 700% this year, boomer
SPY obviously
That’s a good point of view. My problem is that I think ZM, Netflix, nvidia and so on are already high rated, perhaps too high? I‘m not sure if they can climb again and again. Will there be a market where every company is worth more than a trillion? 🤷‍♂️
I'm going to **go out on a real limb here** and say that we see a slow and steady green climb tonight, with a +0.3% gap up tomorrow morning.
Tsla
You can’t time the bottom but you’re telling me Disney wasnt a good deal at fucking 80? Come on Buffett. If it went lower then buy more. Disappointed
Buy high sell low?
Prob cuz its flying up
you had me at Apple edging.  is that how they keep their stock up?
Where are the pics
So it somehow bottoms out again tomorrow? lol, jfc
In since PIC 👐💎
A lot of them are dicks I noticed .. it can be a 10k gain and they say “ that’s small shit , come back when you get 100k gain “ like what
I need to pee
so has anyone actually gotten the money or was dildo face Munchin lying again?
Puts on the BMW. Horrible transmissions
Ok I'll hold you to that
Fuck, all in
Caught it in March from a student that travelled to wuhan and ate bat soup.

100% dead serious. Teaching english to japanese businessmen is a weird experience.
Just bought more shares. Fuck Melvin. 🚀🚀🚀
and what are you seeing?
What if this mf on purpose posted this knowing everyone will fuck him up and in reality he is long on it!
My favorite part about this picture is that you are running down *hill* and the further you chase to get your dollar back the further down the *hill* you will be.
Dude, just means she for sure puts out and has snacks for after you take her to smash city.
Video of a guy in a gas station who high fives another dudes face with a twisted tea

Videos pretty great tbh
[deleted]
Bingo
When that happens sell as fast as you can.
I saw a thread somewhere the other day on the tax on dividends. Imagine worry about a TAX on 0.75/share when you own 6 shares
Upvote for diet ginger ale
If I was gonna guess I would say you are related to Alfred Einstein.  Theory of gameativity.  Shits about to get published because I peer reviewed it and it is definitely flawless.  🚀 🚀 🌝
Holding, still up but not looking good
[deleted]
She fucks bro
Google “countries without extradition treaties”

Pick 1

Gtfo
All day pump tomorrow Apple to $145
Present
Oh yeah go ahead and be in debt for the rest of your life. 🥴 Ask yourself, what do you know that the institutions don’t? Just because one or two people made money on here doesn’t increase your chances of making anything substantial.
Imagine not owning any Tesla before the split.
It's Iron condor time
Prob a solid strategy. Could build an algo fund to profit and sell that shit
Then why don’t you go make your own thread for strictly options ? Why continue to sit here if you don’t like a place dude ? Like really ..... create a WSB-Option only and you won’t have to listen to “little kids” talk about shares
Where did meet kevin buy his personality from?
Nice! Snack packs after the old in and out.
Doesn't mean it's not a meme stock. GME / PLTR top tickers in wsb dashboard.

Edit : holding both
The powers at be are definitely going to clap Tesla’s cheeks tomorrow and pin it below 700. No way they let those print on the last day of the year.

Or I’m wrong and it’ll go to 720.
Already miss them and it’s only been 16 hours
I cant diamond hand PDD, gonna wait for it to hit $200 then buy puts. It’s not Baba.
Could be a sell off to take profit if there is expectation that the upper tax brackets will increase for 2021 due to Biden being president.
Bezos take the wheeeeeeel
You got it.
[deleted]
[deleted]
That brotha starving
I'm starting to suspect this sub isn't really running a successful space program.  
That being said, I still bought more PLTR.
GME coming up on Fast Money 🚀🚀🚀
Hmm I’m just a shit talker.. you lost me at reits I will now google that
What is this app for trading??
covid is a hoax so the govt can gain more power n transfer wealth to the elites.

it has 99.97% suvival rate in healthy adult.  people that died were either 90+ years old or have some serious underlying medical condition n they were gonna die any way.

the proof is that the death # for 2020 is actually less than 2019  basically they are counting every death as covid death.  

but the sheeps can't think for themselves n only believe what the media tell them.
Roll call if you're broke because of baba and still buying baba
Who gives a shit about a $2k position, do you get excited over that shit?
-10% in the past 3 months does not qualify for diamond hands status.
Two extra stimulus checks
I think they contracted covid and then died. It was a friend of a friend. I read the obituary
👨‍👩‍👦‍👦
What platform?
Awesome, thank you!
So yesterday and for a week MP materials took an absolute shit all over itself at the christmas party.  Huge drop in stock price after something to do with warrants that i don't get.  Long and short is this stock only ever went up, till this week.  Friends I bought the bottom of the crash, the very bottom, like within 20 cents of it.  The stock corrected and I find myself up 7% today from it.  Is this a dead cat bounce?  Will I be slaughtered tomorrow?  Who the fuck knows.  I'm up today.
Europeans are very smart people it’s just your regulations tamper innovation. Also the cop killing stuff is also more propaganda. 99% of cop on citizen deaths are due to the suspect resisting arrest.
Holy fuck. Do people actually live like this?
It is not bad service problem is they are not making any $$ and are at mercy of DIS/ATT which can jack up the prices
I'm a simple man, I see low IV I buy options, I see high IV I sell them. AMA
By transferring to a single buyer?  Anyone buying $79MM of stock is the definition of “big money”
Very rude
Dude is a grade A fucking bitch, I mean this with the upmost disrespect, I hope he gets covid and dies. Honestly. The guy is a fucking cockblock and a half
[removed]
[deleted]
I have that version. Not a fan personally.
TSLA bears really believe the mission of the stock market is to properly assess the value of a company like a fuckin baseball card price guide

I was in and out of TSLA in 2 weeks and made enough to pay off my car (BMW of course) and yall complaining "oh the PE ratio oh it's overvalued" OK...so you don't make money on it...and youre virtue gets u what? Oh yeah....jack SHIT. 

I'm out of TSLA now but I wish great luck to all my fellow WSBers even the haters jealous of me constantly for plowing the hottest chicks on instagram, pornhub, and E entertainment television (joking about the last one hahahahha)
Tendies in the new year
3,300 x 365 = 1,204,500

1,204,500 is a larger number than 65,000.

&#x200B;

There is also a factor of people just wanting to talk about "Covid" because it's popular. In 2019 no one would share their story of having the flu or granny dying of it lol.
This illustration needs to be taught in business school.
Why are there twisted tea memes floating around... what’s the lame meaning behind it?
MT had a good day today, I sold for a profit and will likely get in again at some point. Adjust your strategy homie.
This.
I wish you could snuggle bears without being mauled to death
I didn’t. But my parents, sister, brother-in-law, and brother-in-law’s parents all got his. My brother-in-law’s father died from it (he was also fighting colon cancer, so his immune system was shot)
Unless he does the Kevin method of removing one item from the sandwich each time to make another sandwich 🥪
really hope so. my tendies are couting on it
Died from it or died while having it... that’s the difference
She knows youve been short since your own ipo 😂😂
Do u have a link or guide for this technique
Yeah I was thinking of selling for tax but it’s only a few hundred bucks (I’m about 40% down also).  I think I’ll hold with a lot of hype for EV in January and inauguration maybe.
“we’ve had first pandemic, but what about second pandemic?”
lmao love that pic, reason why I quit finance
Fuck her and dump her
Titcoin
Yeah bag holding
In the last 2 weeks, the market has been moving, on average 0.21% per day. We are back to pre-covid market movement levels (2017 to 2019). Actual volatility is around 12 while VIX is at 23, so VIX is about to come crashing down unless actual volatility picks up.
[removed]
PDD 0DTE put , you’re welcome
Deal.
Not if Trump daddy is in charge
i just want to be so rich in my portfolio that I can sit at home by myself and smok weed all day and learn how to draw, but i have to 9-5 to fund my gambling adiction
I know. I was pointing out how a .30 movement can be alot. Lots of dollar stocks like REITs for which a .30 move given how battered they are would be a big swing.
We still get the percents 😈😈😈🤫
ENPH THE ONLY SOLAR IN SPY?  Bullish ICLN
Is that guy still doing awards or did he switch to gme calls
Why
Did you just say when shorts sell their positions.
Hey pot, you can call me kettle
This sub is meant for options...talking about shares used to be an instant ban
SPACs near NAV
Bye
I miss cigarettes
Mission failed - get them next time *COD voice*
Atta boy. Gotta show that you're willing to take your money elsewhere. Just don't abuse it, because if you threaten to leave or move money back and forth between firms too much, they'll just tell you to fuck off, lol
What are these, returns from 1945? I'm desensitized to $1,000/day swings at this point
so today algos decided to switch it up and instead of ripping ah and dumping at open to just slow dump all day cool
I’m not sure, but I bet GOOGLE DOES you lazy bastard.

BP Jan 2022 $18c
It will be big up in a matter of 1 to 2 weeks hopefully
Thomas Peterffy is my wife's boyfriend.
3 million in PLTR shares 3 million in leaps 
Hopefully I double my money before they notice
>you will never see a circuit breaker into a big Green Day again
He was expecting another 08 and that is why you can never model stock market runs based on historical data
[removed]
[removed]
So, anyone else holding XL?
He’d probably steal your wallet and you’d lose money
Lmao knew that intro sounded familiar
Oh true true that’s a different case then
This guy's a bigger retard then us if he's just jumping on the GME short train now. I mean the things already over a 100% short and he's just finding it now.
TSLA
How old are you/her
[deleted]
Yeah possible. But I have leaps and day trade weeklies against them so I like the liquidity of qqq too that I don’t think j has
Step 1 Apply for 0DTE options 
step 2  YOLO on Nikola.
Step 3 Post Loss Porn
Bezos has to be the biggest cuck ever
People in the United States who are really into soccer
Upvoted
I’ll get my student loan (around 20k) for housing, books and tuition next week. I’m going to yolo the fuck out of it, any recommendations?
I eat pieces of shit like you for breakfast!
A mouthful.
Boiled shit sandwich tomorrow.  Who’s hungry?
Return of the King!
I bought an solo loop band from AliExpress to replace the original silicon band on my Apple Watch.

Calls on my infinite comfort.
me everytime.
So H I P

Hop o potamus
Your question Literally just starts this whole conversation over but changes the Meme to NVAX.  Just pick a horse and stick with it.  Even if it’s cause you like the name or color of its eyes or the way it shits or whatever
Um, your first rocket is aimed right at your award on my screen. It looks like the rocket is shooting a load of bills after some lovin'.

I'm doubling down again!
Be their new daddy
U balls deep in enph
[deleted]
Yeah but wasn't me complaining.   As long as people know they degenerate gamblers its kind of fun to egg on.
Welcome to level 2
The FOMO was retarded today, they needed calls and shares sooo fucking bad...
AA
We found one
Lose it all first
[deleted]
[deleted]
Lol dude. You’re a huge phaggot
Tendies from Wendy’s.
No cigarettes today and drinking a gallon of water. 

#LESSSFUCKINGGOOOOBROOOOO
That 🚣‍♂️went right over the waterfall
This isn’t pennystocks breh
Sounds like you’re too antsy you should held till $170, the bag holders always win 🚀
Congrats then
[deleted]
...
Spend it and keep track with iou's
That or an acquisition target. Hard to say, really
True but wage growth is non-existent and factor in commute,  other costs and having to deal with chad all day and it's kind of pointless.
Yo people in here cant read, why u posting flow charts?
They didn't tell me, they need to run it up the flag pole and it will take 2-3 days. I did tell them i had an offer from another broker for a reduced rate.
SPY in 2000: $150

SPY in 2013: $150
How?
RH is receiving flak for being a “game” attached to the market. Some say it’s unethical because noobs don’t understand the RISK behind the game. Well, most of them anyway.
Unless a Double-Reverse-Joker-Harvey-Dent-Flywheel-Gay-Alfred formation occurs directly after, we are headed to the moon
[deleted]
So I been exhanging texts with this girl who gave me her number last night at work. And I just found out that she has 2 kids.......fml.
Turtle boy Mitch isn’t wrong in that a ton of people who dont need it will be getting checks.  The pissed away gabillions last time with ppp fraud, checks to dead people and those who didnt need it, etc.   

But ffs why didnt you sort that out months ago to come up with a solution you geriatric old bastard rather than deny it for everyone including those who really do need it.
I second this.
[removed]
I just opened a robin hood account and put $100 in. Now how do I make this into tendies
Who the fuck would downvote this
Calls on hospital bills
Get a hooker and a diet ginger ale
Oops I meant 2019
Not anymore.  Ex div 11/27. 

See my DD that has went no where:(
Give me one good pullback on Dis tomorrow pls
Downvote this if you’re gay
woof
why why why, im down
Correct reply
Mitch's antics have narrowed the odds on the Georgia runoff so renewables might run up to price that in.
That was 2019 lol 65k
And what’s the problem with shares ? Last time I check money print both ways ... correct me if I’m wrong now
I have 100 shares, I bought, to support u guys. I'm honestly not a big contributor on this board. That being said , I hate people who go out of their way to demean others. I'm buying 100 more shares tomorrow,  and I'll hold til GME goes to zero,  or $100. What a putz.  I hope one of u, take ur tendies, when this triples, and send him video of yourself bangin his wife or significant other.
if you haven't watched the movie "a bronx tale", do it.
Seems like my move to double down on TAN today was a good one, ready for a piece of that ENPH pie
All in on PLTR
How did you not notice this for a week you retard
Take it out and move to Cuba
Ew a bear
I am sure if someone is a gamer they are on the unlimited plan
And sold airlines at the bottom. Really damaging his legacy there towards the end
Yes
I dont know a single person that's died from covid
**Tendy Ameritard**:

Would you like Futures and Forex with your level 3 and make it a combo?
Before Covid .3 move on SPY was an exciting day.
Tesla 1000c 1/8/21
theres boomers but doesnt make them dicks for shitting on dumb crap
Straight deposit to robinhood and YOLO on tsla leaps.
SPACs killed this sub, don’t @ me
Go to war with the government
no u
😂😂😂 big facts. They've worked so far. At one point, I had almost 2million shares of one stock. It was stupid.
[deleted]
I was fucking beyond broke my guy.
Investigation committees famously lead to nothing. It’s a standard “oh look we’re trying but actually fuck off” move.
I think my money computer is broken. When do my meme calls make me an overnight millionaire?
Even more reason to ban.

No noob shits.
🌈🐻
Late 1990s were even better imo.
They are
this sounds like taking mushrooms before a family reunion.. Tooo big of balls on this move.. and sounds (to me) risky.. ONE OF US!
I pay lmao but split it between 3 people so not bad
It doubles every 69th day of the year after hours at 4:20pm so yeah
[deleted]
Shit I didn’t see it that way, I was anticipating a sell off for tax reasons, didn’t think of the short shorts
No
3800+ best case. 7-15% drawdown after opex. Depends on which way vol goes after GA elections nearing inauguration. If we squeeze instead then it makes a feb drop even more obvious
JACK was $12 a share bro omg. It’s not $100 a share. 

He thought fast food was gonna go bankrupt? I just don’t it. Only reason I didn’t buy shares was bc I’m not rich and i would only been able to afford a few. Not capital efficient. Maybe  in the next crash 10 years from now I get the opportunity
earnings typically result in higher premiums for options. I tend to stay away
You do unspeakable things to the other mods out behind Wendy's.
This is amazing post. can you please let me know which website you pull this ? I would love to see a scanner like this (even once a day would be good). not sure if its possible
1/30/2021 inevitably
With the exception of JCP you are possibly wrong on all counts
Have it right now
Finally a true broker
I'm with you!

10x $28c 01/08/2021

5x $25c 03/19/2021
U check your bank account and the government accidentally sent you $6 million, wat do u do?
No
I like ur thinking 😤😤😤
bought a super cub right before the pandemic hit and I barely use it now. 

gonna throw a cooler on that bitch and doordash so I can buy some $DASH puts 👍
Am noob, pls forgive. I thought the entire sub was a meme
Medium length(a few months) or LEAPs are probably better, especially on stocks that you expect to grow over the next year or so. Anything shorter is literally gambling. I know this is a casino, but I like to play on the side of the house, because the house never loses.
[removed]
It's more of a casino than anything else. At one point, I was down like 5k.
[deleted]
A tug and a taco for $5?
Easy 10 bagger in 5-10 years
We've all had seasons of degeneracy at some point in our lives. I certainly have. 

Eventually, you realize it's a shit way to live, and you latch on to enlightened hedonism with an expanded time horizon. It's a harder path, but worth it.
Nio going up and is striding to 50 dollars.
[Friendly reminder of the most-consistent way to make tendies, boys](https://i.imgur.com/1RsVatc.jpg)
Lemme put this into perspective real quick. Soon we will have election certainty, Biden will drop the defense protection act, on top of them being the leader in vaccines pair that with a potential reversal to a bull market 2021 and it’s a perfect storm 😏📈📈📈

Edit: andddddd stocks only go up :)
Wait I’m confused, why is everyone saying this is banworthy?
TSLA
😂😂 nice! So unlike their promotional video where they rolled the prototype down hill these go above and beyond! 🚀🚀
Tsla and/or amzn
Tesla predictions for tomorrow
What about me can I be your best friend?
$MSTR calls only trade you need in 2021
You are comparing the annual rate of death of the flu in it's most extreme years to a new virus that had to ramp up. It hasn't even been in the US for 1 year.

Take the monthly number, 65k lets say mainly dying in a 6 month window during winter is 10,000 per month. We are at 3,300 per day or 100k per month. 10 times more people are dying from it.

This isn't a perfect comparison, but it's not the flu lol. Also people don't go posting on twitter granny died of the flu. They just say my grandmom passed ect ect. Saying Covid is much more impactful.
!remindeme one year
I like this character. Great set up!
1330 P/E ratio... Realistically it really isn't a matter of if, but when. But don't underestimate these retards, they could keep it pumped longer than you can stay solvent.
It’s easier than buying crap calls ....
Anyone have thoughts on JNJ for 2021?
What’s the catalyst for an $13 gain over two weeks?
lmao imagine assuming i use robinhood. 

&#x200B;

yes, while what that says is true, you also have to realize that the more shares get lent out, the harder it gets for shorts to cover if/when it actually squeezes.. if short % of float is 100, thats pretty bad, but if short % of float is 300...well that suddenly makes getting the shares back quite difficult in the event of a short squeeze.
Not many people realize that both SPY and Nasdaq were flat from 2000 to 2014 for a period of 14 years, or down after accounting for inflation. We could have another period like that where stonks stay flat for 10+ years.
I know someone who died from it
Exactly
someone has to do it, I'm making the sacrifice so your calls will print ;)
Because if you look for stock tickers alphabetically AAPL would show up before APPL.


I actually don't know I just made that up sounds decent tho
So how long till Intel gets kicked out of the DOW? I’m thinking 2023 or 2024.
Becky is heading back to SBUX for her double dirty chai.
I want to get into an ARK ETF, either leaps or shares. I like ARKQ. Some GME shares. I got a lot of capital in SPACs so I don’t think I’ll go too crazy.
Expiry?
In disbelief I bought GME 25C 1/29. It surely has to drop now
He started buying again so I don’t think he thinks that but he’s the most famous “buy on fear” ever and the fact that he bought nothing really damages his legacy
I hope that’s in a tax-advantaged account. Although you’ll still benefit from long-term capital gains if not. Grats!
You should only be able to post after $10k MINIMUM, anything less should be browse only

And no fukin shares
Again
GameStop CEO giving everyone gold hahaha
Probably 20-30% if our sub count is legit
> There’s over a million people in this sub. How many of you fuckers have had covid?

I *”Think*” my wife and I got it back in March. 

Since then we have been bunkered like nobodies business.
So you tossed a salad
Well if it traded at .30 cent the day before that's a good day.


😉
Big brain DD right here

https://twitter.com/eddyelfenbein/status/1344392435212951553?s=21
JCP
Most millennials would because it is cool and you can brag about it in social media.
Far OTM weeklies are literally the point of the sub
No dude you misunderstood. The days I promised to take off were Monday Tuesday and Wednesday of this week. I’m still balls deep so you will see me tomorrow indeed.
Selling covered calls is your safest way to start which (I lied accidentally) they did approve me for. So you can sell calls if you have lots of 100 of the underlying stock. I’ve made some money on stocks moving sideways but you can make a lot on bullish stocks too
Basically, it's a one way bet with limited profit/limited risk.

Bullish version, Buy a call. Sell a call higher than your strike on your bought call. Most of your bought call is paid for by the sold call but you still pay a small debit to get in (depending on how far apart your strikes). The closer your sold strike, the less the debit, but also the less potential reward.

I play these frequently when I have a strong idea of the direction an equity will move and timeframe of that direction but am not certain of the velocity.

A weekly like what I wrote on BABA when I closed it out earned ~100% return. Weeklies will usually be about that if you are just out of the money with your strikes.

Edit: And no, it doesn't protect your shares. Was just a way to try to make back some quick cash when I was expecting a nice bounce.
[deleted]
funny thing is that tiktok is that kid saying he’s gonna kill himself 😭
I miss TVIX bros
Doing another $500 on GME shares
-$20. -$30 if you want eye contact.
Not upset. But there are rules against this.
Nah repair a leak in a GC companies on holiday break
Not even a third of a stimmy tbh
I dunno if they’ll let it break $700 with options expiring. I would love to be wrong.
Don’t sell
"The squeeze is neigh"

\- Horse, probably
Can someone TLDR this? Too much for me to read
Bought ARKK and ARKG dip up yesterday, holding icln leaps. My portfolio is blood green right now
The FOMO was ridiculous today...They tried like hell to get newbs to buy calls or shares...
I’ve been in LEAPs on JPM since $90 and LUV since $25, it’s not tripling overnight but nothing but solid steady gains since September
I was never a tranny zoomer who thinks I’m a girl, so no I didn’t start where you are
They give you a decent rate? I've seen some that are nuts, from a variety of different firms. Like, sub 2%. In this industry, you gotta have big boy money though and show a history of profitable trading. One of my brokerage team guys called me over a couple of years ago to look at a 300+ page consolidated 1099 showing regular 1000-lot trades of AMZN. Crazy stuff
Announces what? They're a not-for-profit now?
Yelling
I lost so much money on Disney In the early Covid days that I canceled my subscription out of spite
Well it was PLTR and fdx neither were going to hit and I saved quite a bit of money by trimming. I would be blown up rn
Compound gains add up! I gotta learn this
Spacs, the ones that cannot be named and big fucking tendies
🦌 gang
Depends how bear the gay is
Dont forget "do this now!" Followed by "this is not financial advice"
This. Im going heavy on leaps after the lockup. 

https://www.marketbeat.com/ipos/lockup-expirations/

Mark your calendar kids
i used to stay up all night looking at futures and checking my phone every minute during the trading day. developed a bad shaking leg tick
And when do you get in? Before earnings? Do you look for special events? I tried this on battery day, but nothing happened.
Stock goes up 30c omfg it’s mooning 🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️
Me
[deleted]
Live in krakow now, half the cars on my street are fiats.  There is a fiat panda circa 1980 parked permanently off to the side... my shih tzu pees on the wheel a couple times a day.
I didn't say "impressed" I said ["interested in"](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kn7rij/were_trying_something_simpler_with_post_flair/ghj74ug/) ... Big difference. 

Also, I'm negative levels of *impressed* when someone yolos their $500k account to zero, but highly interested in it.
Not even a good meme.
Using RH but trusting it with more than 4 figures. 
You're  too retarded to be a mod.
There is a 59 minute delay fetching comments.

I will be messaging you in 14 days on [**2021-01-13 22:23:37 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2021-01-13%2022:23:37%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://np.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kn8xl4/created_this_account_8_months_ago_back_when_this/ghjljwj/?context=3)

[**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fkn8xl4%2Fcreated_this_account_8_months_ago_back_when_this%2Fghjljwj%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202021-01-13%2022%3A23%3A37%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%20kn8xl4)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|
Fuck no. If I listened to reddit, I'd be broke.
when will it get to 105 though
[removed]
Didn’t mean to upset ya
You must be lonely
Yeah like what is an investigation committee going to do? Rule the same exact same way as the courts saying there is no case?
This is it. You can see the portfolio diversity circle is full
Check the rsi
No, TLS will hit over $100.   
TLS has 1/3rd the revenue, but 1/30th the market cap in the same space. It's an easy 5x play on no news.  
  
Imagine Coke had a revenue of $30bn and Pepsi of $10bn, but Coke is $300bn market cap and Pespi is $30bn market cap. 
  
That's the gravity of the misprice.
PLTR has made my wife's boyfriend's dick so soft i had to order him a strapon
Zoom zoom
2010-2012 was the shit
Serious question fellow, tards. How dumb would it be to put ALL my money in Tesla ? About 200 K ?
Used to be a bear, not worth it. Am Bull now
Hey, you need guys like us to keep selling you those calls, don’t chase us away lol
There’s over a million people in this sub. How many of you fuckers have had covid?
I bought 155 unfortunately
Fk u and ur covered calls, TSLA 1000 tomorrow
Who would pay $4k for a stationary bike with an iPad glued on it?
You need to have at least $222,700 invested
>you will never see three circuit breakers activate in the same day again
Okay I was trusting other guys numbers
Gross this retard gots kooties.
holy shit youre not playing
yeah i’m running credit positions of 2% of capital with 6-7 open trades at a time, so available max credit ~14% at a given time. Stops at 100% of max credit
  
profits at 40-60% depending on move
That’s a cheap blow job
The king
Same, just finished college but my dad still claimed me, so he and I both lost out
[removed]
The ones that make us $$$
I'm deeply troubled by your words and sincerely apologise for any damage I might have caused to either yourself or your family.
So he died right?
THE EARLY 2010S WERE BETTER GOD DAMNIT THE WORLDS GONE TO SHIT

2015 WAS THE LAST GOOD YEAR
she hot doe
Lmaoo you getting old
Your insult range is impressive
Insufficient funds
buy the fuckin dip f&gg#t -Warren Buffett
Robinhood IPO is releasing soon, the more exposure it has the more we go top tier derp.
We all were son. We all were
Touché
#SO IF I WERE TO LET A DUDE JERK ME OFF, HOW MUCH COULD I MAKE?
> Dude, jump on the ICLN train before it’s too late. Tomorrow scheduled lift off

Got a DD?
Tortuga is turtle in Spanish
Like they'll expire worthless and I'll roll that premium into new shares.
Ok then what’s the range of accounts WSB should have then ? The minimum
Got the same set up in my boomer brokerage. Set and forget.
[deleted]
And he sold Amzn in march when everyone was talking about how it was Covid proof
I can't tell, does this chart say to buy or sell?
Governments have started putting dates on these sorts of things being legally requiredlike panning sales of petrol cars and increasing subsidies etc..
Whoa there. Slow down
What are you gonna buy if we’re bleeding?
Did a side job to make like $150 today instead of trading probably for the best seems like theta rape day
I’m already deep in ICLN, that’s my girlfriends birthday though. I guess an etf is deciding if she has a good birthday present this year
I like short term stocks for the yolo factor.
This has been repoooooosted so many fucking times
\-zoffett
NICE I like a fighter let's fuckin GO
RemindMe! 1 week
Why not 420 in 69 days
why is everyone saying that, I mean, im all for it, but what happened?
[deleted]
Ah. ok. let me delete and try again.
Sir this is an MS Paint
So tomorrow’s the last day for tax losses. Expect a short squeeze tomorrow when all the short shorts sell their positions. 

TSLA to the end of the milky way
Someone should host a WSB game of Monopoly. But there’s a buy in price to get in the game and winner takes all
Just because I’ve been here for like 3 years doesn’t mean I’m old
[deleted]
He rebought berkshire stock before it recovered but yeah he could have made a lot more
It’s actually the opposite, little kids with tiny accounts infiltrating
A few people are trying to turn this into a meme stock
🧐🧐
Stimmy & paycheck just hit my bank account. Which 0DTEs are we buying at open??
ur getting there
One more reason to buy ARKG: you’ll live long enough to see 4/20/2069
Instant deposited 5k into RH and proceeded to lose most until I yolod into Nio $50’s...bank account at -1600 rn, Nio save me
But wait. Should I get more?
Yeah they do. I’m sure most understand the danger of not being up front about it
Just wait until second pandemic.
Fuck it I’m going to stocktwits there’s no good stock tips on this sub right now.
[deleted]
I wouldn't risk it. I'm not sure when TESLA announces their year end deliveries, but if they beat 500k, it could push the company up a bit more, but I think its more likely that it might be a more sell the moment kind of stimulus and Tesla may go down. The stock is primed for perfection right now so any bad news could make it drop. But the issue is less how much it will drop and more if it will drop out of their breakeven price point. If the price drops below that point, then it doesn't matter...you will have lost a lot of money. So i would sell tomorrow. Don't get greedy. Gains come slowly, but they wont come at all if you YOLO it all and lose everything
they all have beautiful hands yes
My ears perk up whenever the wsb synth says "rocket rocket rocket"
That or
Damn wtf. How much did the put cost?
Tesla doesn't have dealerships. They deliver to your  house, and if you have issues they send a guy to your house.
Lmaoo dude I'm bigly long on PLTR one of my largest positions but this is a long shot even for me. $50 by Jan 2022 maybe but 3 weeks ?
I already have my calls and will 💎 ✋ until Aug
Almost paper handed 3 times today but GME never fails to come back up 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
[deleted]
2000x $35 1/15/21 calls checkin in
Ban for abuse of the yolo flair. Min is 2.5k. This is a meme. Blue arrows and ban to the center of the earth.
His broker is merely the middleman here. That was a call he bought from another investor- retail or institutional. He has the ability to buy 500 shares of TSLA at $40 from whoever sold him those 5 contracts.
Has anyone else received their robinhood gift?
Why?  What’s causing it to go down so sharply?
Damn what’s with all the fancy talk.  We aren’t that smart here so dumb it down.....If you boned my mom just say you boned my mom so we will understand that my mom is a hoe.
$49.99
address? 

cuz it sounds like u want a knuckle sandwich delivery from punchmates
Shares on these are solid, finance will make a huge comeback early this year BNKU baby I’m in it pretty big
You can buy 69 one cent options.
Leaving GME before the end of January would be a mistake
Ask yourself, Who would pay 65 bucks for TV channels?
>Kamikaze cash

\+1 for that channel - real quality stuff.

`The Plain Bagel` channel is good - but a turn off is that guy is too sensible and makes a lot of rational arguments.
$100m is nothing to GE.
My bodies natural alarm clock causes me to panic wake at 4:01 every single day on the dot to check premarket, knowing there’s not a mother fucking thing I can do about it until 7 when I have to leave for work
[deleted]
105 or 110 would be good
Likewise dingbat
Downsie
It’s a 730k bet,  not 10k.
Next week when
You think TSLA is at 800 eod tomorrow lol
Short % and the borrowing fee costs are what matters, we need the borrowing fees to go up so we need to limit the supply of shares to borrow
If your portfolio is red you can’t clown him though
If he had a diversified portfolio, he would be looking at $1.15.
Who’s ready for 2021 Tanker Gang?
Would be odd if they were.
The valuation will track alongside the price of REEs. As demand for EVs and other emerging tech reliant on REEs the prices are predicted to go parabolic.

Projections: https://www.statista.com/statistics/450152/global-reo-neodymium-oxide-price-forecast/

Current prices: https://tradingeconomics.com/commodity/neodymium

Note that the current price is nearly at the predicted 2025 price already due to China restricting the export due to their faster EV adoption
Tsla calls
🌈 🐻
GME is also only selling them in store as a bundle. Don't forget about the new XBox.
Exactly.
[deleted]
THIS is art
Buy
What I’ve learned this week. Inverse WSB. I’be lost so many gainz from buying the PLTR “dip”
I have a power

Once I buy a stock, it falls

Once I sell, it spikes up immediately afterwards

Conclusion: Life hates me
AMZN is stuck in a diamond until February. It would take dramatic news to break it out before then.
Looks like my PLTR options
Exercise all mate and hold it
That last one hurt.

I made 20k in 15 minutes on a single put this year.
Lost it all on airline leaps
95 years old and honestly I still think he thinks this is a dead cat bounce or something.
Not looking too good, don’t be emotionally attached and sell out
Lmfao good luck messing with Tesla bro that’s dangerous, big chance you fail timing the dip is next to impossible
yeah fuck off 2020
[deleted]
He likes porridge, don't judge him on it.
I guess any contract is good, but GE is so large that much money will do nothing for their bottom line.
Holy shit, you fit into the stereotype of the sub.
Guy should do his DD to learn what a YOLO is tbh.
[deleted]
WSB becoming a place where old ass man with money try to shit on the smaller guys . Remember you started right where we at too
Couldn’t be anymore true
show us your portfolio :)
20 p/e is priced in when half the stocks in the market have 500 p/e?
Oh god how dare a screenshot taint your lil stock shitposting board
bro hate to tell you but those are mannequins not models. starts with the same letter tho!
I’m just saying we have 3X the deaths of flu and 40X the number of people who “know” someone
Retard strength 💪
LEAPs, shares, or short puts no FD’s
What’s with all the SLV plugs in here? Very Sus.
> Or he's using counter psychology, trying that 4D chess move.

He needs to 4D a toupee on his “*hairline*”
Is FUBO fucked?
[removed]
If they pass then they good enough to smash
It's a parody acccount, jfc
WHO LIKES SHORT SHORTS?
Doubt on all these 🤡 world persists
So it’s worse than the numbers show?
Ahhh it’s been a while
Just check for the Adam's Apple on their neck bruh, or if they try to hide it in the photo

Source: Months of experience in spotting Thai ladyboys on the street
Sold 5 covered calls at 750, expiring next Friday. My balls is hot
There's two keys to success in the broker business. First of all ahhh you gotta stay relaxed. Do you jerk off? How many times a week? Gotta pump those numbers up. Those are rookie numbers in this racket. I myself, I jerk off at least twice a day. Once in the morning, right after I work out. And then once right after lunch. You're dealing with numbers. All day long, decimal points, high frequencies. Bang, bang, bang, ek, ek, ek fucking digits ge, ge, ge, ge, ge, ge
Any hope for XL?
priced in
Top for whatever meme stocks you guys pump. I learned my lesson last week with gme / pltr. Never again.
True...also once in a while it will come back to kick you in da nuts and then resume running away
[deleted]
Ban
I put in the call. Next stop lendy tendies.
I’m waiting on it. Holding strong
You sleep better selling options than buying calls?  We couldn’t be more opposite haha
$SLV gang taking new members, leave your shitty meme stocks
LETS GO
Stfu
Oh ok... In the end you achieve more or less the same profit. Just if you exercise you keep yourself into the game holding shares.
[deleted]
2022 going to be our year cruise crew toot toot.
Are you his anal buddy
NASDAQ is past pre-crash levels. I rode the crash like a moron and I'm still up...  \~45% ish, but I was real heavy into tech and semis. If you rode like the Dow, then yeah, you're probably still bleeding.
I learned monetary value has a lot more to do with stock prices than stocks do.  USD gets cheaper stocks go up.  Dollar gets stronger stocks go down.

I also learned that stock news companies will blame the fluctuations on anything they feel like.  It never matters and it never makes sense.

I've also learned retards can manipulate a market with memes.
Yes
[deleted]
I bought my TSLA 700c lotto tickets for last Thursday, not this Thursday. Fml.
*Cathie Wood has entered the chat*
Next week.
My 1050 shares hope so...
Nah you’re good don’t be a puss about it
Certainly beats owning weeklies on the Macy's of video games.
Sold for total profit of $1,038,000
$MP went public via SPAC to raise money to fund their stage 2 construction of a refinement site to go from ore to concentrate completed in 2022 and expected to create 2023 EBITDA of $250M. Stage 3 is to create a magnet factory to go mine to magnet onsight to increase their margin by many times
It will moon once spacman announces something in the next couple weeks
So your argument is the entire population is lying to you? They’re all in on some secret plot and got together and agreed to trick you? 👈 /r/conservative is that way, lunatic.
ARKG 105 when?
TSLA
So many of the true boomer stocks like banks and airlines are still solidly down from 2019, if you need slow free money they’re basically guaranteed comebacks
Make fun of her, I deer you.
Exactly.  
Why have 1 call expire worthless when I can have 100?
Xrp
How’d that work out for you today lol
Multiply that times 100, sir
I still can’t believe Warren Buffett bought nothing in March or April bottom. SBUX at $55, LMT at $260, JACK $12, DIS $80, BA $90. 

Idiot
IPAs are usually fine but when seltzers are about to freeze they hurt like a mf
Just put it in some speculative pink sheet stock
There’s still time for more Tesla shorts to get fucked this year it seems
Prolly shoulda held sounds like you got shaken by the whales
I haven't lost anyone close to Covid-19. But I know a lot of people who were personally impacted. You are making an large generalization.
Must be GME themselves buying everyone gold
Bruh I bought at 27, mostly because it's my first account and I'm hype in it... But I have absolutely no ragrets at this point
mfers spent more on awards for this guy's post than he made in 2020
>ny options. Unbelievable that this fits their risk management.  
>  
>Reply

Cool. I am pretty new to margin.  So I do not have a battle-tested strategy.
This meme was lame and should require positions
1 million in the trading account
Retards
He has to spend time with his family or they will leave him
Hammer means reversal!!! The reversal lasts 5 minutes and now I'm a bag holder. Fuck.
You’re a fucking idiot
One more
Let’s fucking go bro LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOOO
And Tesla’s at 695. 
Fuck the shorts.
Haha I'm prouder of it than I probably should be but was so glad to be out there a free man again after a shit marriage that I knew better than to enter in the first place. Marriage is great if you have the right one if there is any doubt though you'll be miserable.
If you’re a gambling crackhead, penny stocks are for you
> god when they said wsb was retarded i didnt know it was literal

False. 

/r/invest is retarded

We are an evolved species(Autists).
If I had a time machine, would I be wasting time asking tards on wsb for investing advice?
Robinhood thinks I have friends to refer for free stocks? HA

puts on my social skills
goodbye 2020

\>you will never trade negative oil prices again

\>you will never trade off of a Trump tweet again

\>you will never have a trade war with China again

\>you will never short JCP again

\>you will never short the S&P500 in one day and make thousands of dollars in an hour again
Absolutely. Already nice and green.
Never said I was an actual trader I’m here for the shits and giggles 😚😚
Imagine not thinking tomorrow will be red lol. 12/31s expire. Hedge funds close out 2020. I don’t see any reason why we actually go up other than pure autismo retardation power, which I’m starting to fear we’re running out of. Except GME, I’m full retard Chad Bull on that one. Anyways, i am hopefully buying the dip tomorrow.
How do you know which to go
With. I want to start doing this but it scares the shit outta me
[deleted]
PTR and BHP are both well over 100B, and if you count for inflation there were many mining companies worth well over 100B in the recent past.
Down 110%
Why would divisible by 9 positions be better?
Dude, jump on the ICLN train before it’s too late. Tomorrow scheduled lift off
Nice
remember charlie sheen?
I'm assuming you're talking about AAPL. I guess there could be a pin at 140, but I actually hardly ever play AAPL. We just don't jive
...so you’re the special kind of retard
Yes
I want to, but have been in collections for over 3 years and I got 2 payments left at 580.
think it will hit 200 before 1/15? 🤔 I’m feeling bullish
Pltr 30c 1/15 LETS GOO
Sir this is the unemployment line
Now looking back, separate variations was right about one thing. A few did made life changing money...BECAUSE THEY BOUGHT FUCKING CALLLLLLLSSSSSSSS
do it, it’s bound to be a spacex merger once you do that 😎
Calls on your wife’s boyfriend.
Tomorrow is last chance to get in on GOEV cheap... profit takers/losers last chance to sell. Then buckle in for January moon
Everyones figuring out that TSLA is going to beat 2020 delivery expectations and bears are shitting in the woods. 🚀 🚀 🚀
Assful of handholes
It it though? I mean like right now? Might take some time to rip off the unicorns head for selling on the black market.
Market open tomorrow
They went ex div on 11/27. I did some LUMN DD awhile back. Still holding leaps
Buy close, sell open. Rinse and repeat
Nice
This week caused me to sell off about 75% of my positions. All long
Moron.
If I exercise I get the 500 shares, for around $20k, not realizing any profit until I then sell some or all of those 500 shares. Alternatively, I can sell the options, collecting the 322k in profit. Essentially.
She's a hand model right.
10k ea in ARKG ARKK ICLN tell me I'm a genius....
Did you fuck a chick who was actually a guy or something?
Most do tbh
Your poop?
Use fucking margin or some shit you can't escape student loan debt.
> ALL the gains after March 25 were After-Hours – everyone lost money during daylight hours... in one of the biggest rallies of all time.

https://mobile.twitter.com/macrocharts/status/1341715177507590146?prefetchtimestamp=1609370225185
This is the way
First time I’ve seen TSLA up in AH all week. 🍆🍆🍆 710 EOD
I have a totally unsubstantiated and poorly thought out feeling that PSTH announces next week
What? The beer is too cold for you?
I'm not clicking that
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/justforfunmarriage the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Have you been spewing this lately? I followed the advice of monthlies 10% OTM and it’s working out so far
You fucking retard.
Parents still not proud.
When you look at these overvalued piles of shit, your 10k of real labor dollars has real buying power. They're frothing and pumping prices to create FOMO. I knew this was the top when they implemented zero commissions...
At least part of it will go to NVAX FDs expiring 1/15
So fedex is just going to go down every single day, even though them and ups just had the busiest holiday season in history? K
Buy a condom, go back in time, give it to your parents.
Why?
Ban
Yeah dude 

Let’s get the boomer cult money
Hunting accident.
5k Bare minimum
Goddamn why don’t trans put that they are a trans in their bio 😭 like that’s pretty important to know
The entire back is cameras. Apple 🚀 🚀
Mods, please pay attention!
Google Ads slower than two turtles trying to fuck. Bullish on government splitting them up
PLTR lockup? Thoughts?
Mb I miscalculated it.
But the other things sounded perfectly reasonable to you?
Ban
Seriously, the levels of pump and dump are through the roof
Hahahaha you’re so fucked
But we know they agreed on $25/share. Unlike bunch of retards here, I'm holding this for long term, and totally happy with $25 EOY and $35 2021 EOY.
DIX:

40.9% -> 41.8% -> 44.2% 

GEX:

8.65B -> 14.5B -> 11.5B

Good night of sleep tonight probably for anyone with calls 💤
ICLN 7/21 $30c
Thank me later 🚀
SWI!
You’re just jealous of my power
.
/s or douche?
For every normal stock those 5k would probably end up being 0,00. Amazing!
I’m sorry you had to find out this way
You got pumped and dumped. The pumpers were not WSB regulars.
3!? Those crooks only offered me 2
What. We all know you paid them
You a 🤡
Will be using my student loan to buy more $PLTR instead of food and toilet paper

TLDR: 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Covid update: on top of my body ache, headache, and explosive diarrhea, I now have the chills.

Getting tested tomorrow. Puts on me. Tell my wife not to paper hand 2021
I had similar line of thought, but wasn't sure where I can buy these SPACs. Can we find them on Robinhood?
Obviously
What are you in bro?  I'm sorry that really blows
IV crash next week after Georgia elections.
they are gonna see more than that lets SQUEEEEEEZE
$COCK
Absolutely no one cares
u/zjz for the win!
[removed]
[deleted]
Is this gone be a slow up hill grind or what..?
Is it though?
Just want to let yall know.. This is the Real McCoy.. I've been in contact with OP discussing options and they have been incredibly helpful.
Because $GOEV aka Canoe .  Complete dog.
[removed]
Thanks. Updated meme. Let's see if it makes difference.
YEs
Your battery life not low enough
Yes please so I can get back in
worked for mango.  Almost 200 million last I looked. (edit:  wow well over 200 now)
No one here gives a sht about small accounts and for good reason. There is literally no risk if you can make all the money back in half a pay cheque. I do agree that big accounts shouldn’t post small % gains but I’ve almost never seen that here
you a gangsta fam
Yee
Or he's using counter psychology, trying that 4D chess move.
it's basically flawless
No! actually, if you place them at the top of a soapy ramp, they slide down. I just tested it in the sink. They are also amphibious, and float really well, so can be used for trans-pacific ocean commerce as well.
O M N I C H A N N E L
another g-bear gone
Come back
They didnt decline to comment, a reporter reported the President saying 50k. 

Selling out of 50k is easy.
Why do you doubt Elon? I bet he puts out numbers tomorrow morning
Every year you are allowed to contribute a certain amount of money into your retirement account. If you have a Roth IRA, you don't get taxed on gains. Good way to build wealth
Oh wow. ENPH being added to S&P500 and ICLN holds it as 3rd largest holding at 5.38%. Only PLUG and MEL are larger at 6.01 and 5.46%.
Time to ^(short PSTH)
You serve no purpose. Great fucking addition you parrot cuck 🤡
Business as usual
whatever happened to that female Twitch staff/streamer who believes she is a deer?
tbh the only drawback to dating models is they ALL smoke, which is kinda gross at times. honestly if u coulda told me back in height school that one day I would be tellin a supermodel to go brush her teeth before she kissed me I wouldn't have believed u. Or maybe I woulda cause I was captain of the football team. Don't be jealous haters
[deleted]
I saw the sub go from 1.6 to 1.7m not too long ago... today it hit 1.8m....  time to buy puts, were growing too rapidly.

Top is in.  Everyone and their brother mortgaged their house for $TSLA calls that already expired OTM

#notanadvisor
It's over 27 now....
A announcement soon...
0DTEs spy calls or puts, depends if I shit my pants in the morning
yes
Yeah I think he got some things straitened out with the higher ups, it’s like dramatically quitting then realizing you actually need him so you agree to fix stuff.
Yes . A little lol
Been doing the same for a week, but the FOMO is strong. Thinking the same plan as you for Jan/Feb
On stocks you want to hold long term, set the strike above where you think it will go tho
JD was $79 a few days ago and I had Mar $95c lined up and didn’t pull the trigger. I’m dumb
Never got the first one, won't be surprised if I dont get this one. Yes I filed taxes.
Apple. The ER will be absolutely monster. Historic.
Put a cock in your mouth
Wish I could relate bro
Theta already killed my calls 😑 I hope it moons soon
Best of luck to you also. I love bouncing constructive conversation
Sounds ridiculous, but as someone who was in PLTR, SPCE, XL, and GOEV until recently, I needed this.  Thank you.
i just put out information.  i'm a complete dumbass.  I also put it up a 3rd time on my own page r/stocktawk
Is the market closed on Friday?
Biden and its literally super cheap now (solar and wind)
Dude I’m big time jealous of that. I’m married so that won’t be in the cards for me anymore
You Only Live Once
futes going to +0.32%, just like every night
Are u blind
FUBO calls.
I had to call them for penny stocks (OTC). I don't recall having to call for options though.
Is theta gang taking new recruits?
Red at night bulls delight
Green in the morning bears ass loose
Completely agree, when you are young you want to pick the companies that will have a dividend once you need the money since you don't need it now.
TSLA
Let’s fucking go bro
$37 after hours? I think not lololol
Why? To the fucking moon
I saw the sub go from 1.6 to 1.7m not too long ago... today it hit 1.8m....  time to buy puts, were growing too rapidly.

#notanadvisor
It’s a bank account that jumped 3% in a day you crazy what do you want from it?
#this market shit is hard, we can make way more tendies if we opened a cult.
I downloaded the app and said yolo why not 🚀🚀🚀🚀
Except he paid only 500 dollars
Putting my last $3 on the line for you bb. I'll let you know when I bust.
I was able to get level 2 with just the application. I have been a customer since forever though
[deleted]
Sounds exciting
[deleted]
ICLN long calls is free money
Girls can’t trade
If your gambling your $600 stimmy, comment below for research purposes
You gotta do it one more
Time
Who wants to tell him?
Oh ok so if you exercise you don't get 300k. You can just do another call using the 300k as "capital"? If you sell you get the value of the 500 share at the present price per each share right?
[removed]
Do they need to be pushed down a hill to roll?
bro
How many bears have you personally recognized and seen wiped out this year? I’ve literally noted about 200ish and that’s a small percent of the ones who have come and gone. Comment below, happy New Years bulls
What is google
I understad that if you wanna throw, fuckin I'll pay 4 ur uber and we can throw? K? I'm SICK and TIRED of haters gettin on my case
Nope just a retard with cash
lol nvr said that but whatevers
r/thetagang
I give them away for free cuz I don’t need the money 😉
Call their margin desk and tell them. You can get lower rates than posted from just about any firm, but have to have enough assets and make the call.
Cant be too late if it hasn't happened 🚀

January 11th gme will convert from retail and consumer to Technology. 

Now I'm not saying that they are going to be the next amd and start creating GPU's or some shit but let's just say the calls for april are mighty juicy considering March q4 earnings will be a blast off since people are flipping next gen consoles but not just that, the short squeeze 🚀🚀🚀🚀

The more gme goes up, the more these bears get fucked, the longer we can hold 19+ the stronger the squeeze.

Tldr 
100 shares 
4/16 25$c + 23$c are my positions  so buy your 100 shares before you buy calls dammit support the boys
You legit are a clown and a shite one at that. Who spends this amount of time on this you angry little troll?? Eat a dick cunt
Tesla is at 694.90.
What if I have small PP?
Do you just double up all posts and comments between wsb and smallstreetbets? What do you crave?
im jacked to the tits with icln, whats the news why?
U must like losing money
I did this early on with Tesla dropped about 30k in a day just swing trading calls and puts. It felt like someone was watching my account and flipping a switch whenever I took a position.
I'm a millennial with a boomer brain. I see a low probability long term efficacy risk with the BioNTech vaccine. Currently hold no positions in either company unless they are in my index fund. I'm long on humanity and the amazing science from moderna. Use their vaccine if you have a choice. Upvote for a detailed boomer report on why I feel this way.
yeah its clear but it needs to go up more
🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Me selling my $BABA calls to buy $SNOW puts, and then Snow recovers from 298 😔
Sounds about right.
200, right atm when I bought it
Lol amen. I've got some losses I will take to my grave.
I need a +200 points earnings dildo
Thought the same fucking thing and he's probably a virgin if not a gay.
Right there with you man...had huge swings of thousands of dollars when i was buying options and couldn’t sleep at night because of it
I can’t be banned and be a mod.
no i mean big up
Logitech is a better play than hear
Republicans control the presidency and the senate. If they actually wanted $2k checks, they would have done them. The markets are not surprised by this. This is like announcing the sky is blue.
Imagine not being in $Bili
Glad i sold my xrp
[deleted]
20c 3/19 

Thanks guys 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
"Star Whores: The Phantom Anus"

Thank me later.
It has a real healthy moon trajectory but the options are OMG expensive. Im just buying shares.
Incorrect
wrong question, right one - how fast did you become broke after WSB's moves
No I want to be a mod.
250 ez tomm
60 votes are needed because of the filibuster rule. Only judicial nominees and cabinet appointees only need a simple majority to pass through
Yes
PSTH really need to do soemthing my god ..
TSLA
god when they said wsb was retarded i didnt know it was literal
Bro options are honestly fucking gay right now just buy shares till things smooth out
Didn’t you feel anything on Monday/Tuesday? They’re done, I saw them gorging on paper hands today.
[removed]
Visit r/cryptocurrency for some XRP maximalist loss-porn 🤗
> Jesus, Florida positivity rate for covid fucking doubled  from 11% yesterday to 22% today.

My wife’s entire family has been stay at home since March with no interaction with anyone but each other(the bubble thing) except for the occasion we have to go to the grocery (masked up, use sanitizer before we get in car etc). 

We don’t even interact with my family because a good chunk of them are half retarded and think a virus is apparently a political belief. 

**Within 5 days** 4 of her family members tested positive.

When I say we’re careful, we are no joke. She’s an RN and acting like a tyrant regarding all our daily routines(in a good way, to keep us all safe). 

This shit is getting nuts.
GME IS WACK
Elon said Tesla would make 500k cars in 2020... in a 2014 tweet. He says he's gonna make a million next year, I'm not fucking arguing. 

And I said cars, total. All models. Model Y is going to be the majority of those, but definitely less than a million.
Ban yourself
Fuck futures. It's the same shit every day. We moon overnight, open green, then fade all day and close flat or red.
[deleted]
SP up like 90% isn't mooning? Anyone who bought OTM calls early december is up BIGLY. Nice shill attempt tho
Just ban this garbage wtf is this
I'm diamond hands, going to add more shares on dips. I've already got plenty of greys, a few more won't hurt.
Ride this fucking wave to the end boys! Tomorrow green af as well. 

(If I'm wrong oh well, less taxes to pay 🙂)
First stop before the moon mission. Parabolic overnight.
Going to see a lot of "gain" posts where they haven't closed position yet lol
No chance bro I’m not friends with 🌈 🐻
Checking in 700 at 10.68
Buy ge for the turnaround then and spend the dividends on avocado toast
I exercise only to give myself more time in Tesla. If I didn’t want to hold tsla still for at least the next year, I would sell all the options for $322k profit. I will likely exercise at least some of them to ride it a little longer. I have exercised options only three times previously, generally sell them not to use up capital in stock
Does this mean you bought $160 calls pre-split?
Just leave
Shut up gayboi and kiss me
This is brilliant!
I’m only holding SPACs I like that are close to NAV. I’m predicting a sell off tomorrow as hedge funds tie out the year. Then I plan to go long ARK-anything because mama Cathie. Already made a heft gain on ARKG right before the 10% tank. 🤤
That would be amazing.  It would virtualize the whole used game economy and no one could deny GameStop would thrive in a digital environment
Ban
🪄
Do you even know how much it is already up in the past month, 3 months , 6 months.... god damn greedy people here
Nice I’m in PSTH too. To the moon 🚀🚀🚀
You are impressed by someone with a couple hundred making a high % gain? You are one of the few then
[removed]
No I’m just jacked  to
The fucking tits what don’t you understand
300c 1/22
You retards took the bait
Lmfao i got $600 from them today. They went up today’s
Yeah the context clues didn't point that way. I'm sure that's what you meant tho...
Instigate the venture capitalists and your consort will receive the spicula
Bro you want a scholarship?
Poopy poopy ass volume in the daily thread, I think this week (hopefully) did a number on this sub
I didn't think it was. I was asking a question you fucking retarded bitch. You're not a quarter of the trader I am bitch. Don't get it twisted. Fucking loser.
SoyChamp
Just mention GME, PLTR, PSTH or TSLA in a post and you automatically become a mod.
Jk, I'm probably wrong. Don't listen to me.
I’m pretty fucking all cash going into the new year. On the next red day what should my strat be?  Thinking mostly CSPs and CCs wheeling with a couple K on the side to throw at calls I really like around a month out. 

Thoughts?
DOWNVOTE GOBLIN MUST HAVE ICLN PUTS. 🤡🤡🤡
Fuck it im going to say it..
did you miss the fact that the bus is empty…? i can only assume this was 100% intentionally set up for one reason or another
In process for it, 90 days for a response and if they don’t respond I need to escalate it again lol smfh rbc
I been thinking side ways too, even if it drop it will bounce back next week earnings in 2 weeks believe
Fucking boomers still don't realize this is a new paradigm.
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/handbanana42069 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Na u
Yuhppp
Please ban these stupid kids
Thank you to BABA and RMO... This make my 2020 end in a deeeeeppppp hole...
[removed]
BIDU and TSLA are both up....
How much were the models
I wish lol
🚀🚀
Do you know any mods?
Omg blood green
All of them. 🚀🚀🚀🚀
RUG PULL WARNING

MMs are out to fuck us tomorrow so careful buying calls.
As short as my manhood ?
Where did the "Short Squeeze" play come from? I thought it was a long play until after the Q4 report.
Yea but then you just get in an endless self reversal loop
Anything else you want to get off your chest big man?
[deleted]
Feb $28
no i mean literal memes
Gma knows what's up
dude ur obsessed...did ur wife die in a shuttle crash...?
Go for a few SPACs targeting different industries. Checkmate, boomers.
Bold move. Good luck.
I feel you. Went from 209k to now 73k in November haha. That being said I started in May with 10k so I can't be to mad. Just going to stick to selling weeklies and go for slow but steady growth this year. I had my fun.
I’m 36 and I think I might have low T already.
tsla is going to blow past 700 isn’t it...
bruh, get that tik tok shit off wsb you FGT
ban
LMFAO BEAR GANG ALREADY MASS DOWNVOTING AGAIN TONIGHT BECAUSE THEY KNOW BIG FUCK INCOMING TOMMOROW FOR THEM HUGE HUGEEE GAPES FOR BEARS TOMMOROW
[deleted]
January will be the month of 499% gainz cue the rockets 🚀🚀🚀
U most hate money
[removed]
Intravenous
JPOW crosses the isle
Yeah. I feel like common sense will get to that stock. I don’t see how they make money. I live in DC and 7/11 uses them through their app to deliver stuff and they have had no delivery fees since October.
This whole sub is shit posts. Is anyone here for the accurate post flare?
Can you exercise before the call expire or you need to wait for that precise day?
Basically pump and dump schemes
No. We dont do that shit in here
[deleted]
I would prefer if the poor teenagers like you left. You have nothing to offer
i have never slept so well this last year until i  strictly stayed on the sell options side and managing small positions
  
sure i only make like 3-4% per week but it beats SPY and my anxiety levels are down and don’t feel like straight gambling anymore
yeah i need more up. at least to 105 soon. I'm basically yolo in arkg. my first yolo. shares and calls. go UP!
The diamond hands among us will all have turned grey from the stress of holding these bags against the short sellers all year.
This legit deserves a perma ban
See you tomorrow at 9:30
Bruh that's some tik tok you on some shit
I know for a fact when my $SPCE put comment gets downvoted that I am making the right decision. The chairman Chamath sold 39% of his stake at $25 a share last week for $98,000,000.00 and you think that’s bullish? Fuck you
If investors lose faith in the management team they'll sell at a loss instead of keeping dead money. That or a big miss on an acquisition target.

Overall I'd agree that your strategy is safe but I have a high risk tolerance.
I feel like some of ya'll could be my best friend If we met irl.
[deleted]
Really Dave? That is not how you put Kentucky on the map in a good way.
Ok now this makes sense. Appreciate the explantation. Think I'll do the same tomorrow. Pick up more shares and sell some CCs.
Please fly again
I mean they have been really good recently. PLTR NIO CRSR GME
AMZN setting up for $4000 by earnings
I dunno I guess the auto open chute thing was my tandem instructor.
I was looking at leap puts today.. didn’t pull the trigger though..
[removed]
There’s a difference between trading, real trading, and investing. I’d argue 90% of the autists on this sub fall under the first category and probably do worse than coming ahead ~10% of the time. Investing increases the chance of doing well because time + stonks only go up in the long run. 

Moral of the story: stop pretending you’re an actual trader you fuckwit autist
Thats what I was thinking but with so many people looking to buy tomorrow I think a lot of people might be surprised!
Selling all my VTSAX and spreading across ARK ETFs come 01/01/2021
8.25% I believe. Whatever their highest rate is for accounts with less than $25k in assets. It’s posted if your look it up. I’m not really sure why I haven’t accrued any interest with the margin plays I’ve made though it’s only been a few dollars.
My 83 $50 12/31 Nio calls are either my revival or my death blow to the homeless shelter.
Good riddance retard
[removed]
BILI. Shit gonna double at least
I bought some of those at the end of day Monday and sold on that first dip this morning. I will only hold shares on it long-term. And by that I mean about 2 weeks and then I'm frustrated as hell with it. I don't like their products or Tim Apple or Steve Jobs either so I mostly only like to buy puts when it has a big green day.
**Fidelity**: “We are just trying to protect you from yourself. You are too retarded for this. You will lose everything.”

**WSB**: Fuck you Fidelity, fuckin nerds! I wanna buy lotto tickets and gain maximum tendies! Let me lose my goddamn money like a man!
what if youre selling naked puts 😎 #thetagang
What about CCL?
Since the first short report in 2018.   The citron report in October 2019 was the greatest thing ever.  Stock dumped to $18 and then rallied to $60+ before covid hit
This man doesn’t know who he’s messing with
Invest in up and coming stocks then not has-beens like big tech. NIO/Xpeng/clean energy, ark who always adapts, Solid stocks like TSM etc etc
pls fly again. again.
It’s all cameras now. Front, back, just cameras.
Interactive Brokers, because I like paying commissions through the arse.
Serious question, how are the GME 1/15 30 C looking ?
[deleted]
you guys actually sell?

i just hold on to my shitty stocks forever
📃 ✋
Holy shit BILI mooning hard
Probably so .. 10k gamble can turn into a huge profit
"Two things happened!"
yes buddy NIO calls go brrrrr
The memes on this sub used to be really good
I’m pretty fucking all cash going into the new year. On the next red day what should my strat be?  Thinking mostly CSPs and CCs wheeling with a couple K on the side to throw at calls I really like around a month out. 

Thoughts?
Dont they have shit that auto opens when you hit a certain altitude.   You figure the first guy who skydove didn't go in tandem.....   

I don't even like hugging my parents, don't want some stranger strapped to me.
ever herd of culture?
First of all how dare you
Green means good
Enphase has been straight money since the short seller report
[deleted]
boomer alert. alexa play wap
That's the alpha top. BUY
Wendy’s dad bro. DUH!
They can be as competitive as they want but if demand for REEs far outpaces supply both will be big winners
[removed]
Ohhhh sexy
Why hasn’t lord cramer uploaded any mad money episodes
Bear fuk is overrated Y’all whack as tits
Anyone else suk dik for cold brew?
You would be surprised at the size of the accounts some of us fool around with. Maybe they mistakenly bought 2500 twice.
[deleted]
july 35c's
Uh, it’s been going up since yesterday morning. Where you been
Open up an ESA account and you can trade stocks, EYEs, and options.
My entire salary goes into gme stonks
Sell covered calls, could go all the way up to 25 contracts.
Lol we can have a rug pull any time. No one knows
This guys not retarded!
[deleted]
Holy crap, a dollar bill that can type! 😲
give it a couple weeks
Niceee
You really can leave my friend . No one making you come here .. you choosing to stay here
future red market green lets end the year green 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Apple of the solar industry
TSLA $700 tomorrow easy
And how much money do you make selling it instead of exercising it?
wait til you find out their revenue is like 8 million
That’s how strong Tren makes me bro lmaooo
[removed]
nicely done 🐻💉📉
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [I Am the Bullgod            ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c1siWoO2YTg) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c1siWoO2YTg)⠀►►⠀ 3:14 / 4:51 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
[deleted]
Your calls tomorrow are already fried, TSLA is a window dressing stock, it’s almost assured to hold or pump a bit more tomorrow.
There was this little election you may have heard about in the US
I know I really should but I pussy out thinking that the day I buy it’ll dump in AH or something
Just sick of wsb turning into kindergarten
Awesome, I’m up 210% PHE, 45% EQT. They are doing well.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Who else just read the title and looked up WTF on robinhood?

REEEEEEE
Normally I'd say TA is trash but this plays into my confirmation bias so I'm gonna agree
I'm on Interactive Brokers (and a total shill for them by the way), which starts paper accounts at a default of 1 million.
I could’ve went with the DD flair and had absolutely zero DD.  Was just looking to share this news with everyone.  Back in may when they got added to the S&P Midcap 400 I made a decent chunk of change off of the move.  Just trying to possibly help others make tendies.  Mods ban me
people keep saying this. but when is it gonna go up?
Alexa play I am the bull god
Bubble confirmed. This dude thinks owning TSLA entitles you to ownership in starlink and spacex
Agreed too much words needs more rockets to drive home it’s only going fucking up despite these fuck head melvins thinking they can fuck with us
What % interest did you get? I am shopping for margin interest rates.
[removed]
https://lmgtfy.app/?q=market+hours+dec+31
Who
Yes sir
Never heard it phrased that way... you just sold calls? Why wouldn’t you just say you sold calls rather than saying you shorted shares?

Edit: also, F
“You idiots”? I feel profiled. 

What kinda bait are they using? 

If it’s a Wendy’s gift card, a LOT of people are about to get banned. 🤔
Asking for a friend, what is the going rate of a nice website like pornhub go for these days?
You still have another 100K, VALE calls brother
True talk I see more red in the near term, but 2021 will be good.
Cuck show
I got some Jan calls!!!
You lie but your flair tells the truth
That's just a gamble on either ICR coming up big (I'm not holding my breath), or some unknown event before then.  I would buy at least 3-4 months out on days the market is red (like today). In my wall of picture text I recommend april or julys.
JACKED TO THE TITS IN $SPCE PUTS.

*fuck Richard Branson and graham stephan.*

*branson is dusty*
 720 fakiie silenced shot is better
Tomorrow will be red *and* green.
You look like you rub cum on your face
Threw ten G’s in that bitch lol
I’ve only ever gotten 20+ baggers on puts so I have no idea what you’re talking about
Have 18k in spy 370P 2/19. Hope I print boys
Correct. I have the ability to sell the options, instead of exercising, for the ~$327k.
Anyone holding ICLN calls? What strikes and expiry?
3.2B drinks company? nty
#+0.04% get the fuck out of here
Did you get out balls in tact? Or are you going worthless?
lmao
Someone who's born in Kentucky and named Dave probably
I’ve got both.
Which platform is this
hope you bought the ARKK and ARKG dips yesterday
URLs can be DD.  

Haha, just kidding, no one here cares about reading SEC filings.

EDIT: I think the gain threshold should be bumped to at least $10k or $25k. No one cares about small gains.
#+0.04% get the fuck out of here
Yes !
I’ve never had two consecutive good days since I started this. I promised myself I’d take a few days off after my big win last week and now I’m practically where I was before. Fucking hell.
Thank you SE for the near 5 bagger .
regular, unlike my mental facilities
Have you tried not doing that?
The markets are always open in your heart. 

Normal hours tomorrow.
Also 38 checking in. I did fuck a 23 year old female this past year. That kept me feeling young but dear God it's impossible to have a conversation with these kids. Late twenties financially independent without kids is what you're looking for men.
Yes
futes blood red
I tried to sell at the bell and it didn’t go through. Not happy I’m holding!
So buy at close and sell at open.. duh
im thinking a lot of people gonna use stimmys on apple products. whether its priced in idk.
Why are the unintelligent always that aggressive? :D 

Trump Derangement Syndrome is indeed worse than I thought.

Btw: authoritarianism is a key feature of fascism. You just played yourself by denying that Trump is authoritarian 

Btw2: the “would” refered to the hypothetical scenario “that what a fascist would do”. Your reading comprehension is quite lacking I must say ;)

Btw3: Covid-19 does have a low mutation rate unlike influenza viruses. That’s why the vaccines designed 9 months ago are still perfectly working but we need every year a different flu shot
[deleted]
I can do it for you if your not into that sort of thing.
Yes!
What does it mean?
Doin the lords work my man
Leaps for 2021??
Idk man I was thinking sideways
Ok dude just giving a few worried people confidence and you here being a grinch. Relax
Mam this is wendys
I moved down to her ovaries now bro 🤤 TDOC!
Are you me??
Puts it is.
Regular hours
May i ask which one of you genius designed the bot ?
[deleted]
Is nvax a good stock to buy ?
Wolf of wall street
Yup building up to that day that we can show some stupidity that accidentally went up or down...hopes and dreams are why we are here and I miss how it used to be.  It kind of felt like your big brother stopped by and was telling you stories about university when you were 10 and you could not wait to experience it as well.  Now it's like a bunch of kindergartners flexing their piggy banks.
You need to let it go
It's more of the huge amount of weekly 30c this sub bought that needs to be culled
Nio. They are the ducking shit in China and will only continue to grow
WHO THE FUCK IS DAVE FROM KENTUCKY
How does GE have an edge over ABB or Siemens listed as more popular suppliers on that wiki link for HVDC projects?
Lol literally all of these are going to fail, this is a troll I’m assuming?
I've seen a bunch of people on this comment section that think they are on r/investing
He doesn't have puts yet. Man they weren't lying when they said you idiots couldn't read.
Leaps on $mga
virgin galactic 🐻 checking in for war any $spce bulls who want it from me I will legitimately fight you in a boxing match for $10,000 must be 170/180 lb weight class
Why is FNGU up 4.2% when every stock in it is down?
CELH DRINKS FIRE THIS BITCH GOING TO 100 soon
[deleted]
[removed]
Yea, I don’t see where else money would go with a propped up market and zero interest rates. The fall will be pretty ugly tho. In fact I think the US is gonna be fucked with how they’ve been treating the lower / middle class.
RH the real plug
I don't lick buttholes for less than $50k.
i like travis but this is ghey
RIP SolitaryEgg in scrambles
"Apparently I look like a "penis in a suit" on WSB. I never imagined that I would one day be insulted so much by some dimwits with $100 RH accounts on Reddit."

$100 RH accounts? Everyone here already lost all their money on $30 PLTR yolo calls. Joke's on you, buddy.
closing at $47.80 tmw
[deleted]
[deleted]
Agreed. Fuck all except j pow our hero. HAIL JPOW.
[deleted]
Balls deep since the 20s
I only buy stocks that motley fool has a triple buy rating on.
Interesting how it only takes one idea to get the GOP to stop licking Don’s balls; Ask them to give money to people who actually need it.
Or big money moving out before it tanks
Tomorrow markets close at 1 or regular trading hours?
Yeppppp
Bears and Bulls r so fuk
[deleted]
Idk it’s just becoming a feed of articles with no commentary or context. Screenshots of articles and tweets. Just junk. Oh well 📉
The manipulation on these biitcoin mining stocks are unreal. Dumps all day then pumps in AH 7%, rinse and repeat, fuck
This is the way
Bozos go back to 3100..plz
Hahahaha this guy thinks we’re making money.
i need pltr30 tomorrow pleas
[deleted]
Big big big
!RemindMe 1 week

good luck lmao
Don't worry, mama didn't raise no 🧻👐 bitch
Same. AP.XT, BF.T, then PLTR. Oh and NN.DM
Anyone know what happened to that Bruce guy trying to fight everyone? I know everyone hated him but I thought it was kinda funny
I can tell. $10k is nothing
Bears are extinct now, they will always die if they come out of hiding. Their time was December and it’s over now, nothing for them till after Q1 at the soonest
You don’t need that many employees for a mining operation.. 3 people could maintain a warehouse full easy. 

Better for tendies because less overhead & more profit
So now you need 20k to buy those 500 shares correct? What if you don't have the 20k what are your options?
[deleted]
No joke if I didn't go tandem I would be a splat on the ground.

But anyways back on point, I don't think it's all people make it out to be. It's fun for the first 15-20 seconds then you reach terminal velocity and then it's like theta gang day.
This clown really asked about CCL
Probably looks like the 12. Let me guess, 2x2 cameras now?
PSTH




Big boi Billy gonna carry us to the moon 🚀🚀🚀
Ooh thanks, I’ll cum in my pants at work when market opens then
don't be jealous bro...I got enuff haters
Big big ups my man. I am absolutely astounded. What a dream it would be to buy a Tesla w money made from TSLA, now I see how it can be done.   
All of this is new to me, just over a month in the market. Had my biz burn in the Oregon wildfires and have been dabbling in the market in the wake. I have yet to look into options and have no clue how to set up such a win. Please advise on any of this.   
  
Well done. Happy New Year!
Thanks for confusing everyone even more dumbass
Yeah I gotchu. DM me your number or email
I have 2500 shares of Ford.  You think there's any money to be made selling covered calls?  If so, how would you do it?
With buying call options you can only lose the premium in you paid for the contract(s)—in his case 5k.
oooooo trying to shitpost on ELI5 and you went in my post history. 

Man you hard. Fucking clown, your life is so obviously pathetic.
Tax deferral deadline was yesterday . Green Day’s from now onnnn n bbbbbyyyy
So when I was 19 I worked at a pizza shop that consisted of everyone getting super stoned in the back. So there's me barely hanging onto reality when a customer walks in. I hardly give them a glance and since we just had the one order I say "I'll bring your pizza right up sir". Go grab the pizza, bring it up and the customer is tall, overweight with really short hair. So I say "here you are sir, your total is $10". Then I hear the most high pitched voice ever and decide to actually focus my eyes. The woman says to me "I'm a lady, not a Sir. Please stop calling me that".

Then my high stupid fucking ass responds "I'm so sorry... Your haircut makes you look like a man". Realizing what I had just said i just go fucking blank and stare at this poor woman for way to long because she's yelling and I'm way too fucking stoned to deal with this so I just walked away.

I still have nightmares over that altercation.
I like your math brother!
Depends on the broker but yes. I trade options in my IRA using TDAmeritrade
[deleted]
A $34 portfolio... And it's gains too 😂

Congrats!
The golden rule is don’t buy anything you won’t want to explain if it tanks

Like if I somehow lose money on Amazon or Apple or ARK, whatever, I can live with those decisions. But if I have to tell someone I lost 4K on fucking Alibaba or 3k on fucking Express I’m gonna feel like an actual retard as I should 

This is what I think about every time I get an itchy trigger finger looking at some dumb meme play
Praying for massive tendies.
Ya know... cuz of the death
Boomer!
__Bears r fuk__
Shit stock, buy Bitfarm   Just listed today
Do cheap cocaine
Would a good strategy for him to sell that 580c 590c and let his 490c run out till before 1/15?
HAMMOND
Graduated college 2 years ago. Not the richest my friend 🤷🏾‍♂️🤷🏾‍♂️
100% if you don’t get greedy
This is the way
What SPACs are you in retard?
i actually lol'd so hard at this. I don't even know why. Take my Upvote good sir!
RemindMe! 17 days
Well I’m in both. But ones not moving.
Lol I sold one on NIO that's worrying me too, $52 1/08 but I don't think it's gonna hit the break even by that day... I hope. I can always home since it was just one call that it's some retard with no cash. If not it's all good, my avg cost on shares is $16.91, and it would do wonders for my $55 2/19's (which I had planned to scalp anyway)
[deleted]
That’s fair I just looked at the composition and I thought there was some room for continued growth that would outpace the qqq a little bit
TSLA predictions for tomorrow?
Serious Question, how are the GME 1/15 30 C looking ?
Less shares to short means higher borrowing costs which means a higher price shorters will cover at to get out of a position.
The moat could close fast but you’re right, the non-Tesla options for charging in the Southeast suck right now.
When you look like a penis, you get fukkkkkkkd
Yea, that sounds like work man. I was promised easy money with rocket emojis.
Heh heh heh.... still have some for a year iut
i bought 25 130p for 150 bucks lmao i just want my tendies quick pls sell bc long weekend and tax :/
Yeah youre just doing it wrong bud
[deleted]
Now that SolitaryEgg baked his last omelette, who will be the next notorious bear on these boards?

Perhaps we should hold a reality TV competition to find our next superstar 🐻🏳️‍🌈. Sponsored by Grindr
Hell yea
They gave me futures access too, I haven’t even used it yet
What are you drinking? "Mooning"??
CELH was the play yesterday, damn i was so close to buy at $38
Just the 5k, unless that is on margin in which case you would pay the margin interest.
NIO
You must be poor
T gang has entered the chat
I don't know what ENPH but don't buy it thinking it'll repeat TSLA.

Most of you are smart enough to know that but my good deed for today is this PSA.
Check yourself bro

https://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/k4fapv/eli5after_poopy_how_come_we_have_to_wipe_but_dogs/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf
God you’re dumb. No wonder you think it’s a half day tomorrow.
[removed]
[removed]
But I don’t wear diapers... anymore.
GA senate runoff elections next week. I'd expect weed/EV/solar to gap up on Monday up until Wednesday and if dems win GA, expect parabolic movements.
🌈
ICLN IS 5.5% ENPH.  WE EATING WAYGU BOYS
Hopefully the genes skip a generation...
Tomorrow will be red or green
Y’all know if I can trade options in a ROTH ira? Tryna get my profit untaxable
Better make it 540 to be safe
Where are you looking? 5,300 calls with that strike/expiry is 730k..
Stocks go up, stocks go down, but they always go up. Not that hard to understand
Dave from Kentucky represents this sub. Monera
Try selling ATM $QS puts and see how you sleep at night.
I agree. Bears always have a weird smell with them. Not sure if it’s fryer grease or dried semen breath.
Tell me more
Holding a Jan 2023 $105c that I bought when the stock was like $90.  Holding until expiration
Amy Reid a goodie
If it weren’t for people like you the market would collapse.
For your amount there is some juicy premium on DASH, not sure I’d want to own the stock though...
Futures always green and then  sell off all day what is this bear shit
[deleted]
[deleted]
ICLN is 5.5% enph
I have been contemplating selling at >$28 and buying back <$25 on a repeated basis as that's where this stock appears to be going at the moment.
That $LIT etf tho 🔥🔥
Green dildo already in my butt
You still long Aquabooty? Or licking a different part of Cathy's 🍑?
Millions of people sold 3 shares each of PLTR right before closing.
lol
Both
ask not for whom the bell tolls

it tolls for thee

-- stick a fork in him, he's Donne
Damn bro making it sound so easy until the guy is another 25 grand in the hole
Thank you for this info. Now, how do I pay you $20 for this
Ray Dalio is down 18% for the year 🤡
What did you just call my mother?
/u/OptionsAndTren

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n5VZMzs8BkA](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n5VZMzs8BkA)
Market time is different depending on where you are. I can tell you aren't good at this.
GME calls RIOT calls NIO puts
Ban
Unless you wanna drive more than 12k miles a year
Wow that's amazing... And do you pay a % each day the call is open? Or just the 5k and that's it?
In USA at most brokers, if you have an open margin balance the broker is allowed to lend out your shares.
Any one in EOSE?
My cock is rock hard just thinking about how my portfolio is down 50% over the past month
When was it ever a joke?
Is Mara green tomorrow?
RIP
really... your surprised... in a sub of self proclaimed retards who think they are going to get rich off of GameStop because a short squeeze "has to happen"
I have literally seen so many bears come in here then get wiped out within a few weeks this year, it’s going to keep being great next year too. You silly bears never learn I swear to god it’s literally insane how pessimistic and fearmongering you want to be for a 2 bagger instead of just buying some shares and not getting fucked everytime
Level 2 order book data shows a sell wall around 50, but can’t tell if it means anything, as I watched that wall move up from 48 to 50 today like there was a string attached to that carrot.
Wow, that's some serious bad news. Thanks for the recap.
They bought ton of mining equipment today
I avoid this fucker like the plague on the last day of the week. Seems like if it always has its best runs on Mondays. As to your question I am not sure.
i take apologies in tendies
How do we know this isn't someone covering a short position that they sold up to the last week?
I need this
Diamon hands my friend
[deleted]
[deleted]
The only time that exists in this sub is market time you fucking turtle.
Ray Dalio owns NIO. Now I can rest peacefully
Made me laugh
Op should be proud. Well fucken done
Dave from Kentucky please show yourself
[removed]
Solid chance
That is the RH dinner bell 🔔
now you just look sad on top of not knowing what a meme is. Poor guy.
Except in reality
I need to lick my wifes butthole so she can deposit like 10k more into my account
AH trading closes at 6 on RH. Get a real broker and you can go until 8
Go strap on your helmet and go back to bed, kid.
[deleted]
Not so sure. As a Georgian (who lived in several towns during my time before I escaped that shit state) I found the vast majority of people I interacted with payed less attention to what individual candidates said and moreso whether the people who did things that they liked/didn't like had a R or D next to their name.

I'd harry a guess that a lot of people are going to see "Repulicans deny $2K stim" and go "fuck R". Another lot of people are going to go "D bad, go R" because Georgia is definitely full of tribalism and the only reason the state turned out vs Trump is because Atlanta's minorities fucking went to town.

I mean, a little over half the state (pop wise) is rural as fuck and they're rated #30 (formerly much lower a decade or so ago) in education for a good reason.
Max loss of 5k
Would take out half to pay rent, buy $100k worth of stonks, and use the rest to hedge. Do retarded shit with the profits you make off the longterm. 

But you’re gonna do some other shit because this is WSB
If big money comes in to square next month $260 is actually reasonable 😎
and you know this because....? reddit told you?
Don't worry brother, there's still hope as long as you think of nothing but Palantir with the exception of the brief seconds of sexual satisfaction you allow yourself every few months. Tomorrow is a good day to buy.
You're right, the more retarded we become, the stronger we become.
[deleted]
“Wait, I’m retarded?”
You don’t live in California. People here drink Celsius like water
Start by complementing her looks or what she’s wearing and maintain eye contact for just a microsecond longer than necessary
Sir this is the Catholic Church, were you trying to reach Scientology?
that mccarran outbreak sucked. every pilot was like ayo what u mean i’m like bro what u mean they’re like aiight well go to fresno lmaooo i’m sitting there thinkin damn that’s a king uber
Grade A analysis my dude.
Do you know any of the mods? I’m looking for a job.
No rockets for you, ban
Maybe it's not RH but you then. Also just buy ETFs like that other dude said.
I got fidality trader pro. Can see all big trades per stock that I want
buy high sell low, amirite?
I heard NIO got signed to FaZe clan, hoping for a 360 no scope rocket tomorrow
but did he die?
I mêmed into day trading amount of money. What’s the best move here? I want to buy 15-20k of stock and sell CC’s and use the remainder to make scratch offs. 

What stock should I buy and sell Cc’s? Is there a better move elsewhere?

TSLA 710 EOD tomorrow 🚀💰🍆
Following
Then she can definitely call you a loser!!! Cuz she's the only winner in your family.
$110 in LUMN would give somebody a dollar a month in dividends. Can't even imagine what this goofball is doing.
It’s a lot easier to yolo when social security isn’t solvent and you don’t have a pension. Worst case scenario you work until you die of preventable illness which would happen whether you yoloed or not. Galaxy brain moment
38 as well. I feel like a chaperone to all these retards in here
Dave from Kentucky LOL
Wtf you idiot talking about
They are such fucking retards they think everyone should just panic sell and die so they can double their Wendy’s paycheck. Suck losers I love seeing them come into our sub then getting wiped out in a month never to return
# why the fuck dave look like a supervillain lmfaoo

why does he have a race car chair 😂😂😂
🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀 I’m going to add another 5k shares next Monday
I'm on west coast time dum dum
You mean the racist one?
[removed]
[deleted]
Some of you retards liked this last time I posted. Most of you all hated it. Here it is again for the 2 people who liked it
Thats just not cool dude. I dont think you belong here and I would like you to leave
God speed.
I'll never sell TSLA, not even if there's a fire.
Off the top of my head - Reagan Foxx, Julia Ann, Rachel Steele, Kailani Kai, Brandi B, Claudia Marie, Sally D’Angelo, Jodi West, Kit Mercer, Alia Janine, Cherie Deville.
Is there a way I can turn of the losing money feature as well? It’s really ruining my experience
Where did you see this?
They don’t have social security though.
Then you do that tomorrow then
Ok well we’ll keep on advancing society and inventing everything while protecting you guys with our military and you guys can keep on boasting about how you are so fortunate to pay over 45% on taxes for “free” healthcare and vacation. Sound good?
[deleted]
[removed]
I was just on RH and a bell dinged at 6pm EST. Never had that happen before. Anyone else experience that?
You need to wait for the money to hit your RH account, you get instant buying power but it takes a couple of days for the money to get transferred
I remember someone asking what theta gang is. The response was “so you know how you keep losing money on retarded option plays? They’re the ones the get it”. It was that moment I knew I need to switch to theta gang. 

Small percentage gains but I’ve been on a green trend for over two months now. Worst losing trades on theta gang plays have been break even, and I only close them to free up capital for better plays.
Unrealized gains dont count. No proof. Ban.
I'm a helicopter pilot and I always feel the need to apologise to ATC when I can. So that being said fuck you and I'm sorry
Smart. May roll them out if it trades sideways for a few weeks
Lol. You are entirely wrong. I watched the whole adjournment on CSPAN from start to finish and they all heavily oppose it and were not even considering a vote on it. All they cared about is Defense Bill bullshjt. 

Bulls r fuk.
Meme would been better with actual short bus.
no its going down AH
Means alof of the shit hit... he will be laughing to the bank
Whose the blonde analyst and does she have an onlyfans (asking for a friend)
De Ja vu 😢
[removed]
I invest in qqq over spy cuz that little extra management fee enables them to run hilarious ads for my investment

The car one and the chip one are great. I hope they spawn a series
I bought it when it was $7
good gains and all but no offense ur position was $7K and you thought you were the big dog? cmon now. you're not the big dog in any stock (except maybe penny stocks) unless you're in it 6 figures. especially with shares only.
[deleted]
[removed]
I've been patiently waiting, the gap will fill eventually, CRM just moves slowly. Hopefully the New Year volume will pick up.
Say what?
Yep
I was born in Poland, and till about 1992 about 90% of all cars in Poland were Fiat 126p, also known as 'maluch'. Seems like many people think TSLA can do this in several countries in near future. Only thing is, that that fiat thing inpoland happened only because planned economy. Kapitalist free economies tend to diversity and individuality.
Roger thx
TSLA pls 650 just so I can close my call credits im sorry elon
It’s recovering AH
Grandma cashed out her Roth ira and yolo'd into Tesla 345 calls for 2022 low key
It doesn't matter how much of a drill the final 10 minutes are. 

Within 5 minutes of close, SPY will start to drift up and to the right, like clockwork.
It’s 3% of my
Portfolio. This might be good :)
The bong or the DD?
Just watch....

https://youtu.be/IAkBYSbMYA8
I’m long.... at least that’s what I tell my wife 🍆
Yeah.  Hi.  I think thats me
Futures open and we're mooning. Bears will never learn
You don’t have to pick it up as income if you are insolvent- just an FYI
[deleted]
To make this post even more sad, I’m pretty sure they are talking about bank account dividends
What? You’re saying someone bought them?
I’ve been long Tesla for awhile, don’t own an EV yet because am working from home and my paid off Hyundai SUV is doing fine sitting in garage.  My next purchase WILL be an EV. 

I actually like the Mach-E styling compared to the Model Y, and would consider one next year.  Big positive is the $7,500 credit.  Main negative is the lack of fast charging in my area.  I checked ‘a better route planner’ and there’s currently no way to get to Atlanta or Dallas via interstate with a Mach E from my home state (I live in between).  Tesla has plenty of superchargers along any route.  

For now will wait to see if any fast charging networks expand along I-20 anytime soon, if Mach-E has reliability issues, and if Ford’s free self driving/assist software is released next year, as promised.
Thanks for the info.
# FUTURES BIG GREEN BEAR FUK LMFAOO😂😂😂
Serious Question 
What are those of you with GME 1/15 30 C gonna do?
[deleted]
My Bull thesis: 15% pullback from all time highs leads to a steady run up and push back to new ATH and stabilizes around 260 end of January. Similar to what Apple did when it pulled back from 130 to 115 about a month ago. No bad news 15% pullback= automatic 🌑🌑🌑
The Minus Touch
Iraq
Mara said fuck it I am gonna jump off a bridge
Canned goods and bottled water
Priced in
I thought that was only for individual.posts not just dd
I always wanted to, but they make you do that tandem dive first and that's pretty gay.
Love the autism baked into this answer.
How much does it cost to have a call like this? 

What's the downdraft if you don't get the price right let's say tsla share were going to be below 50$. Do you lose your 5k? Or do you lose even more?

I'm a complete autistic noob that's why I'm asking
Got in early, congrats. The FOMO is gonna be ridiculous....
And B(i)NGO was his name-o 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
If you call that mooning, you're new here.
You may now dock penises.
That cost what, 10k? Means nothing
Well, despite all the autism here it actually is
Congrats Mr. Chump Change.
if ENPH does the same as TSLA on announcement, it will hit $300
[deleted]
Why do you say that? It's like renting an apartment for life. Granted it's a new apartment without any issues...

Hmm maybe i just answered my own question.
careful of that new strain
That’s only $7.3k. A lot of retards here could do that.
GME AH pump
[removed]
I should be applying for internships at hedge funds not getting fucked by them
I have the same calls so my confirmation bias says you’re gonna make so much money.
No.  Seattle smells like the end of a week long music festival in europe.
Flair looks incorrect based off chart
Fucking Christ I'm going to buy some NIO calls to clear my eyes
Wait  is icln actually gonna moon tomorrow? How come?
[deleted]
Anything new or cool? Or is it just like the last three?
It's based on the change in percentage, not monetary value. That would be like having all your money in a $1 stock and thinking it's fine if it drops 50% because that's only $0.50 a share lmao.
I guarantee there are boomers here
Closed out last positions for the year. Between wheeling options and the occasional wsb yolo plays, ended up +88% for the year. Shoutouts to AMD and PLTR for being responsible for over half my total profit in 2020.
It just keeps flirting the line wondering what it’s doing
They are if you get in at the right price
not too late - just announced S&P500
680 I think we bounce off the ath and kick around the 600s until earnings

Got a shit load of condors 620/625p 695/700c for $4.1 credit
What’s got greater 2021 gain opportunity? NIO or PLTR?
Cum in me daddy
Critical information missing in the article. 

Was she hot? Or are we talking of a 45yo/5kids/2 divorces walrus?
I'm about even after finding WSB. Was up though then last week and early this week happaned.
[deleted]
They should just spin it as T&A.  They don’t need the E. (insert drug pun, etc etc)
Same got a lot of feb calls
I heard the GME train is stopping at the moon next, hop on
You think pltr has a $100 target?
Eat my dongus you fuckin nerd.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Imagine having 400 Tesla shares assigned at $40/share lmao. Well done
JD you are 20 cent's away from winning the prize of making my phone's screen sticky for a week
What if he forgets he's not fat.  Power of the mind.
[deleted]
Take out a loan and pay it back with your PLTR tendies
Bought an additional 400 contracts
[deleted]
For once it's an honest news article.  95% of the time no one really knows why the stock moves, which is why you get into the mystical charting analysts "interpreting the patterns"
Some of those posts should be a minimum 6 year ban...
I used to think that, but now not sure.. Both republican candidates have come out strongly in favor of the $2k stimulus (which is meaningless except for the political points it gets them)... which could be enough to swing it back the red way..
^(1 minute until I say it) 🤫
DID SOMEONE SAY COOMIN?
Bro the people who bailed for the year are finished lmfao it’s a bull run now
[removed]
[deleted]
"""how's  your stocks on RobinHood loser :)?"""... Look for the signs buddy, Grandma knows what she's talking about.
Someone just bet a lot on that date . I’m looking at it now
What about Tim?
Surprised they don’t have everybody switch over to the CTAF like they’ve done at McCarran and John Wayne when they had outbreaks
[deleted]
CHOO CHOO MF’rs! 🚂 🚀 🌚 🦍
You seem upset
Because more assets means the company has more leverage with the 401k firms like Fidelity. If someone with a big 401k balance left, everyone else would pay more fees.
Bidu mooned already. Was like $120 at the beginning of december. EV news priced in
< wsb
43 bro. I bet neither one of us are close
Not a chance
Only 25 here
This is Ban worthy.

Report and blue arrow this bitch to the earths core.
The best is bless
i sent two
[deleted]
I managed to get approved for options when I did it on my Roth IRA account. I lied the previous time on my regular one and got denied for some reason. Lie hella hard I guess
Looks like a fucking childs game trading app.
What would you prefer?
Flying for the first time since Covid next week. How is it overall?
I almost shit my pants last night fucking around with options. ( never done it before ) then I saw my account was down 14000 K instantly. I don’t know what the fuck I did but fuck that shit ( I was able to cancel the order on time and money is back )
Tesla at 694.20

Nice.
You're not getting anything with the 0$ after today lol
Why the fuck do I just hear about these now?
Someone put 5300 call options for NIO on 1/15 and 60 strike price .. just a FYI lol
[removed]
> UAA


University of Alaska Anchorage - University of Alaska System

No.
Don’t disrespect Cory chase
What about shitposts?
No you won't.
This is the DD I needed.
[removed]
Cathie wood
Will we have another september rug pull in Jan?
Wasnt replying to you. To the other guy
should have put a gay bear emoji on the guy passing out
Worse. If they're here they're probably buying options on UVXY. Same retards who probably never heard of drift/decay on leveraged etf's
The play was always for shares and leaps, rip short dated call options.
What happened? I’m loaded on ICLN as well
I’m in ONLN for a baba bounce and AMZN return to ath
Any chance of vix going up disappeared after the elections
I’m a pilot. Social distancing on planes doesn’t really exist. Side to side might make people feel better but somebody sat in the same seat before you last flight. Stay safe.
Anyone see the supposed iPhone 13 leak ??
Lets not act like its not what the GOP wanted. They support $2000 in public to save face knowing damn well turtle Mitch would block. Dont be retarded. Fuck the GOP, fuck Republicans, fuck the shill top democrats, fuck trump fuck them all
Ban
Please stop posting this shit.
I'm still dirt broke, but now I have a gambling addiction
all my positions are listed in my blog www.beatingbuffett.blog
I could see it going back to 125 or probably even 120 first but I do think those will be ITM before then.
So...im in for double that I intended
Mitch just sealed his buddies oust from GA. Blue Wave 🌊 means $SLV FLYSSSSSS
Christy love
Why would that be the case?
[c l I c k   m e   t o o](http://imgur.com/gallery/djds4Fg)
People who think there’s going to be a crash, what the fuck has changed since March? Nothing. No one cares about Covid anymore just fucking buy shit or don’t we bulls don’t care. I’d love to hear your reasons though so I can correct you
$nvax on sale at the moment
Basically Spotify Wrapped, but trading. Figured it was autistic enough
[removed]
300+ shares reporting for duty. 2021 will be wicked for Nio
The  moon
is apple overbought or oversold right now
I’m scared holding my Tesla calls
Who here has PFE calls?? Hows the retarded play going? Shit is grinding my gear
good point
Yeah they just cancelled the ground stop but my flight will be delayed to allow other planes, who left earlier, to land first. All in all only a 3 hour delay, so it's not as bad as it could be
#Reminder

Tomorrow is the last day of the year, hedge funds will slap you with their 30 inch cock possibly
Mitch Mcconnell the type of guy to fake a Fansonly account in order to get men to send him dick picks
Definitely roll it further out
Bullish.
Thanks for selling. This means the bottom is priced in 🚀🚀🚀
ATH
Your in a sealed container. There is no social distancing. Just count on the air filtration
And crying a little inside as my calls slowly die
Some of us just make more than $36k a year.  a few grand is a rounding error if you're making 250k + a year at your day job.

(I am not making $250k at my day job)
To the planet arium
To be honest, I want to know what his total investment capital is. I wouldn't mind a free $50 yolo every now and then. 

Ps gonna laugh when it's over $300,000.
Especially on robinhood
With an average round trip
Of 580 you’d have to make 935m of those calls GODSPEEDDAD
They must have solarwinds as their security
[deleted]
Fit chicks love it. See LULU for reference...
Just watched the grand tour episode on China   NIO 50 eod tomorrow 🚀🚀🚀🚀
thanks
Better question is how many are dirt broke \*after\* finding WSB
You seem to be also be the wrong kind of retard for this sub.

I didn't say that I was shorting anything.
I got 250k on it right now, 300k come Monday!
It’s still at a 3 year high and is only down from the yearly high by 7.5%. Also higher highs and higher lows. All the spammers that buy FDs are definitely being quiet, but GME is still heavily in play
I was all cool when it was just stocks, then I fell into Options..
Yes
I saw GME and  🚀  and then I instantly jizzed all over my pants
Melissa Lee’s leather jacket would look better on the floor of my bedroom
Holy fuck, I knew you guys were retarded but this is worse... Do you really think Mike Milken is shitposting on twitter you dipshits?
Hey guys I bought all the meme stocks when do I get my Lambo?
Bulls r fuk once again
My € value is getting fucked because I have all US stocks. At least you guys are getting stimmy and I’m just left with shitty dollars. ECB needs to print some more money and give us Dutch people stimmy as well
I wonder who the oldest person on this sub is? I gotta be up there.... 38 fuck me.
I think KO could be a good one. I like day trading but I'm looking at a hellish semester in college and don't have time for that. Figure I buy 10k worth of shares, I can sell 2-3 calls a week for 100ish a week gain. Plus the dividends of ~.40 a share x 200 shares.
\*cum
I am an intellectual.
I  went to April calls thankfully but wtf, could have bought them for half the price now
You’re confused. You must be able to read, the DD is there. 

Rumors of the death of all B&M retail have been greatly exaggerated.
Same, and don’t dare ask anyone here how to
Where can I travel right now that’s not Mexico? Need to get out of the states for a minute
News flair... RIP sub
named such because my 5 year annualized return is 66%
I’m still holding my position.
Idk, but it was pretty amazing how many upvotes they were getting at first. Lots of idiots here
God I miss GoT
Danger Will Robinson
200% it’ll be in the 60s to 70s minimum by then. This is your last chance to get in
I sold put at $30. Looks like I might get assigned tomrrow
I just bought 1. I shouldn't even be here... planning on using half my stimulus to build a hobby portfolio basically. Lol
Some filtering will be required.
I just trade options on shithood since Schwab and Fidelity both think I'm retarded... I ain't paying that 65 cents fee (isn't it funny though how 65 cents is too much but losing 5 grand on QS calls is fine lol)
how does one get candledicks installed in the brain
[removed]
This is all news to me
Still are
No stimmy means endless stimmy hope LMAO
LONG LIVE THE NEWEST MEME: ENPH
This, even if the RSI is pegged, I still have one share to squeeze out the profits...
lmfaoo
I don’t mess with Chinese company stonks more than a week. Don’t trust how they’re regulated
Holding 200 shares and some long dated options 😀
And you thought it was such an exciting story, you didn't even have to give it any effort.
Lightning rod turtle bitch
Anyone else in UAA?
I think it was Soundgarden, but I could be wrong.
This guy is a penis with ears. And a faithless blasphemer. Let us end him.
It's the other way around.
MY BALLS DEEP ICLN CALLS ABOUT TO FUCKING MOON. THANKYOU SPY ENPH.
How is it not? Explain yourself
I think March/April would be interesting since that would mark 1 year of the COVID crash.  Lot of stocks bought in that time might move into long term gains category.
Smart. Good luck out there.
Screenshot this post and frame it. When your account goes to 0 you’ll be reminded of how much better off you were before you entered the casino
I share my full portfolio, recent moves and 2021 plays in my blog www.beatingbuffett.blog
Damn, got all excited for a nonevent. Still in it for the long term
Yoy can buy and short them you know
2020 was great just the last month kicking my teeth in and my wife’s boyfriend even left
10.66 here.  Had it at 9 and change at one point but was capital strapped :/
Got 2 lotto plays for tomorrow

* TSLA 695/700/705 call butterfly
* AMZN 3260/3250/3240 put butterfly

I think TSLA will pin right around 700 for the weekend and AMZN has a tendency to steeply sell off on Fridays - and it's max pain is at 3240. Let's see if these pay off. Risking about 120 bucks total for a potential 2k profit
YOLOOOOOOO
You lucky fuck. Nice work.
Hello Daddy it's me your son
That guy was on Guy Adamis dick lmfaoo
Odds of nio hitting 51 by 1/15?  I mistakenly bought the calls twice
Ya I'm on board bc of that--I just didn't know if there was an announcement or something
If we hit 400 daddy will take all the WSB autist kids with him
Alexa play hate being sober
Ban
lol what play is this?

Also imagine if you risked more than 30 cents
Call options on this prose plz
As a shareholder (whether one grease stained share, or millions covered in whale semen) you are entitled to vote on matters like at the annual general meeting for approval of executive compensation, choice of auditor, and in years with contested proxies,...alternative slate of board members. But when your shares are lent your forsake these rights.
It was my 30,000 CSPs.
I know!  I sold them and bought wells Fargo OTM leaps.  another boomer move lol
Ban
They just post it as what it IS. It’s a big dick YOLO until it’s realised - so post as a YOLO 🤟🏻
Any last words?
I’m not super far into it but yeah it’s been great so far
Nice name my dude
Did they tour with Sonic Youth that year (only half joking)?
Worse then GOEV?
[removed]
lol i’m an air traffic controller in LA they clean for 2 hours then proceed as usual. happens all the time but usually they do it overnight
The 2nd part is kind of a joke, the first part isnt
No. Just a slap.
Settlement takes a couple days
So were those dudes pumping the shitty helicopter spac out of nowhere colluding together or bots or what
Hey one more question if you don’t mind and since I’m retarded.

Would you recommend call spreads or put credit spreads?
Do you still think it’s worth buying? I bought 1000 and I’ve been getting crushed.
NO STIMMY OFF THE FLOOR WE ALL FUCKED
Every damn time. Mitch fucking McConnell
💎✊Hold on tight my dude. 🚀🚀🚀🌑 by January 15th.
Ban
Yep, RMO fell today too.
I have admiringly done little research and own no positions, but now that they're public I'm hoping to be able to dive in deeper. But I think the market really puts a lot of value into data management companies, it's revenue it's consistent and never in low demand, it's clearly the future. The question becomes how does PLTR differ than it's competition with corporations like MSFT and AMZN partaking in the same field? People are way too bullish about PLTR here obviously, but I genuinely do believe it's IPO was incredibly undervalued, as it sits now we'll have to see how they perform and get a better look at their financials as new contracts become announced to make any real concensus now.
Lmao
TSLA really be chillin at 694.20
First post here. I have an honest question: How many of you retards were dirt broke before you found WSB?
It seems the shorts are more willing to pay the penalty costs than cover.
I'm impressed that you know all their names.. I have "research" to do
You sound smart.you’re safe dad, have a nice vacation this summer.
😅 perfect
Should have bought $WUPHF when it was at $11...
penguins are dying and seattle smells like a campsite
Travis Scott came out with a spiked seltzer and it looks pretty fire. I’m sober though 
https://drinkcacti.com/
Ban
If you realize them tomorrow, it'll knock down the tax bill.
I’m flexing my recovery not my gain 😂
I keep buying 6 month $11c and selling them once they make a few bucks.  It's not big money but I'll be damned if it hasn't been consistent the last few months.
On an international flight.

Delta understands social distancing from side to side, but that front to back really confuses them
[deleted]
Is CRM going to do anything
#Bears lmfao
More propaganda. I have 6 weeks of vacation and work 30 hours a week 🤣
No effort spent learning
Bruh is there something we are missing? Because that strategy is literally free money. With that being said, I’m still in 🐝
The fact that it’s literally the next dot com boom and we need it to happen for the planet and our own sake
😅 I dont disagree.  but glad to make up my losses with a 600% increase on ge calls in 3 months.
Or he's already long and uses the triggered retards to push the stonk up. 🤔
Then no it wasn't on margin and they did take money from my bank
U got call?
Rather park my cash in AAPL
🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
RT if you thought you were an intellectual and started trading.
Thanks for the confirmation bias
Fuck I have these as legit longs. I guess I belong here
A loyal soldier. Keep that flank secured.
    Valhalla is fire
Puts on my credit union. They keep asking me to change my password every month.
[removed]
Bet
Meh I’m interested but I think it’ll go lower. Merger isn’t until q2 remember
The market definitely does not open at 1:00 lol it’s a full trading day
This week has been the reddest green week ever
It’s a crime that Toad The Wet Sprocket is not listed in SPIN as one of the best bands of 1991.
This PP is even smaller than mine. Jesus lol
Nobody gives a fuck man and you’re not special so quit bragging about it
Dec 31 nde call on VXX and Dec 31 nde put on TSLA

All my trades this week have been disasters, so I decided to do the opposite of what I think will print. 


Swear to God if I'm in the green tomorrow
We moonin soon
I was down 50 percent a couple days ago, hang in there.
if EOY 710 I make bank, so 680
[deleted]
Different leagues I think.   India summer tho 🌶
Positions:

[https://imgur.com/a/Tt5px4q](https://imgur.com/a/Tt5px4q)
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vh8F-r25TWc](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vh8F-r25TWc)
It'll be available to trade.
It’s really fucking wild how it’s moved with no presence here (or really anywhere that I’ve seen) I’m slowly accumulating shares... you know anything about when the option chain drops? Haven’t seen much.
[removed]
[deleted]
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/calvinfroedge the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Ayyyy now we got ourselves a thinking retard
in jezus name we pray, amen
ICLN
Honestly I just have a fuck ton of leaps in this motherfucker from 21-22 
I ain't no share buying bitch, but leaps will do nicely. Let the MMs have their fun till lockup expires. Then board the rocket 🚀. From kov-now and going till Jan I just sell my leaps everytime iv hits 140% on the short term shit (mildly-medium spikes the leaps), then buy when the leaps come back down from the r-tard amount of activity. 

This is the way.
We don’t have that type of power sir
Biden
[deleted]
Good job if legit and not paper. I started June 1 with $10,000 and I’m currently at $24,000. So 140% in 7 months.  Not even angry
Fucking democrats
If you can’t even get a 10% return, you should stick to ETFs
[deleted]
Wanna see me do a backflip??
Borrowing costs for shorting the stock? You have unlimited money?
Jajaja
I only know from a schwab notification
50/50. Are you green already?
Up or down, either a little bit or a lot
I do, it adds up.
My guess, yes, strong close today
To the moon
Congrats manwhore
[deleted]
I've been here for four years and I still don't post as I feel like a noob still.
Set stops and right before they trigger, cancel double down and buy that fucking dip
Go back to r/options you money grubbing cunt. We buy calls here. On a bad day we buy shares. None of this covered call bullshit you’re talkin about jives with me
Haha I still use Robinhood for the watchlist. I just had to move on when I couldn’t day trade for 90 days as a noob.
WONT YOU TAKE ME TO.. TENDIE TOWN 🚀🚀🚀
Dalny
What’s a good play for January?
>FUBO

Should have known bro, even though I'll admit FUBO is the shit  


I have a hacked account that I use waaaay more than my real TV subscription because the app is cleaner, and it has a couple channels that arent available on Cable/Spectrum.   


That being said, once my login dies Im probably never using Fubo again
Relax man. I make 180k yearly after tax and I drive a brand new 60k car. I love wendy’s though.
I was looking at those exact calls but didn’t buy. I was thinking how would TSLA go to $1800 in a pandemic. Fuck me in the ass
I’ll be honest I haven’t done the research on GME. 

One thing I have learned in my years is that there is a ton of money to be made in dying businesses. People who bought blockbuster franchises after Netflix had started did fantastic because they bought them for a song. They eventually had to close but made a ton in the interim. I know a guy who’s made a ton of money sitting on the board of a yellow pages company the past few years. As in, phone books. I’m just skeptical of WSB’s pump is all, and their thesis about some supermassive short squeeze. Nothing magic about having more short than float. Wish you luck on your calls either way.
Anyone knows if i buy stock on Etoro if it is in margin or not?
Institutional investors come to Reddit to check us retards trade. I think we should write in code or something. 8eye 94ln73r!
It doesn't
Tesla predictions for tomorrow?
If you have to say "on Reddit" you are fucked.
I hate that little hard piece that forms on the Head & Shoulders shampoo bottle🧴. The first press down always grosses me out a little idk why
Try titty, it works most of the time
32% in a day? By my calculations you should have more money than Jeff Bezos in six months.
Nah we broke up in the summer. it was getting too serious and turns out Im not ready for a serous relationship. No i'm gonna share her pics, that is shitty.
You actually believe a crash is coming? Ohhh boy lmfao
[deleted]
Almost sold puts on it today but I’m like nahhhhh that’s gonna be a hard pass fam 😮
I long for 70% gains... I'm in the -10s and +15s. I don't sell unless it's above 50%!!
Already being pumped I see
[deleted]
Well that's when I realized it wasn't a dating app at all. It was an eight stories tall crustacean from the paleozoic era
What happened that is making everyone suddenly shill clean energy?
It matters where it ends compared to the previous day.
[deleted]
Good time to get into STIC?
bearish because those are mostly bag holders, strike is too far away with little time to exp, i bought at $300 at the top and cut my losses. 30c for march and forward pretty bullish tho.
All honda cars over 20k now
NIO pulled a quick one on me on what was supposed to be a low volume day. That $47 I sold was just tempting fate.
Anyone knows if i buy stock on Etoro if it is in margin or not?
Sorry to tell you but it’s going to hit 25 soon
Last time I saw someone in an Amazon store was when I was buying your wife AKA my girlfriend low fat organic pistachio ice cream at Whole Foods. 

Checkmate AMZN bears.
[removed]
they cappin b lol
Strike as how much i paid?
Ooh, almost earnings time again. Surely losing 60% of revenues and doubling debt will matter this time around right guys? I quit this retarded market.*

*until Monday
Whats the purpose of locking in the profits for the new year? who does it i mean? WHy exit out o fthe market?
That's the bitch of it.  Gotta have money to make real money, just like everything else in life.
A real fucking classic
[deleted]
I knew one of us had to be good at math
What in the fuck. All flights going into DFW are grounded because of a COVID outbreak in the air traffic control towers?

Thank God I skipped breakfast and lunch 🤦🏿‍♂️
here comes cohen with his massive calls to fuck your puts to shreds
So was the 13 days on the Sho list a lie? I was expecting more, and now it’s like day 15
no homo but i bet the patient was CHAD as fuck so unless thats you then your experience will be much different lol
I’m pretty wealthy but I only throw that kind of money into  safe stuff. Yolo plays are a max of 10k for me usually only a few k. No matter how rich you are you should always treat your money respectful
Take that 300 strike out to jan 2022 so you’ll sleep better
My dumbass was looking at similar calls during March but didn’t buy
Thats what I'm going to start doing,  unless I'm confident on some long calls ill just hold.
$BBBY got it
GE hitting $11 anytime soon?
Nonexistent. I have money.
I'm sorry guys, it's my fault. He knows about my $100 RH açcount. Little does he know my $100 account is now a $700 account. Got my stimmy! SUCK IT Penis Suit Man🤣🤣🤣
Ball deep
[deleted]
[deleted]
Makes sense now, the post hit too close to home because you yourself are a degenerate that pissed your piggy bank away and in doing so developed a superiority complex and now wanna preach to everyone without anything to back it up. My deepest apologies captain cuck, allow me to help you out with something you’re more qualified for,
https://www.job-applications.com/wendys-application/
Hyundai, Toyota, Kia, Honda, etc.
[deleted]
*free money, same thing.
Bold strategy.
I just gotta know if my $50 12/31 Nio calls gonna print
Generally people who have lots of 100 bands don't throw them around.  Mostly what you see on here is bragging by poors.  Lot of 30k millionaires.
More like FOMO TV for anyone buying above $30. It's me. I'm the FOMO.
because you’re a retard
You got a year and a half left on it too, fuck you nice work.
[deleted]
Stocktwits is so bearish right now holy fuck. Good thing I’m playing UAA.
as a samsung user im like the fuck are those. did you mean 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Umm. CELH?
Boomers and institutions scoff at WSB. They think retail investors are the servants of a society that only serves them. They trade, moving the market this way and that, thinking nothing will hurt them.

They’re about to take the largest greenest dildo right up their jacksie.

Hear me institutions shorting GME, you should have been afraid.
[deleted]
😂
"Face palm", you read that on Facebook?
Earlier this year when it was around $450 pre split.
Sold! Buying every share my life savings will let me buy based on this one single meme. 💪

I don't even know what they do.
You rolled to 2023? Cause your image shows 36 of the 100 strike Jan 2022’s.

Edit: NM you’re not OP. 2022 or 2023’s are good IMO. I think China has a solid 2021.
I bought a 15 put and a 17 call that expired soon lmao 😂
Israel government-backed colonizers occupy other peoples' territory illegally, shoots and kills children who throw rocks at the IDF, are supported by some of the most insane Zionists in the West who believe genuinely that if we get enough Jews into Jerusalem that the rapture will happen, building giant walls to keep people out of their own city, refuse to let Palestine be their own country by lording over their resources... need we continue?

It's got nothing to do with Judaism or anti-Semitic behavior, it's got everything to do with the shitty fascist right wing government of the country of Israel. Anyone who tells you "anti-Israel is the same thing as anti-Semitism" is fucking dumb.

Watch this and you'll see dumbasses like that Epiccure93 moron get owned  https://youtu.be/K1VTt_THL4A?t=2142
All weekend, GME this, GME that, you fuckers are real quiet all of a sudden. Every time I dip a toe back in to RH I’m quickly reminded why I shouldn’t touch this shit. I don’t think I’ve ever at any point even been up 10% on any holding. What’s the opposite of the Midas touch?
Learn options. Youtube "InTheMoney".
I’m an autist
What's it like having a big cock?
be on the distribution end of them and not the receiving side
THOR
best not to overthink it.  all you need to know is GME 🚀🚀🚀
Whos a hotter milf, Brandi Love or Lisa Ann?
Cory Chase is the best but her porn sucks
Sell drugs
Or just buy to close as it falls to a certain point?
I got stock like a poor but I like them a lot
$1.1m today..you still holding?
The election fraud thing is a joke. It just establishes a bipartisan committee lmao. Appeases people. Section 230 is the only real demand.
first you buy calls to get enough cash to sell cash secured puts, then you abandon the entire plan and keep buying calls
Anyone with PNC get their stimulus yet?
Remember https://old.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kiecy9/gme_autists_please_do_not_let_the_shorts/
ENPH CALLS TOMORROW ARE LITERALLY FREE MOMEY.
Taday 
https://content.govdelivery.com/accounts/USTREAS/bulletins/2b37bbc
Good times for ICLN gang
If you’re worried about losing money this may not be the place for you
Starting balance if 200k, the same amount that Thinkorswim paper trading account starts you at...
Same, I usually come here to laugh at the retards but got sucked into GME by the big DD. Is this how everyone starts on their path to degeneracy and bankruptcy?
I'm debating selling weekly covered calls on like 100 shares of ford or something every week 😂😂.
 

Dividends + an easy 20-30 bucks a week. Nothing too crazy but I don't have the time anymore to day trade :(
Been there done that. For meme stocks I’ll either stick with CSPs or set my CCs WAY OTM.
Best drawing and DD ever. 2 shitty figures = 1000000 words of DD, Fuck you man
All this is true IF, you’re short term trading G.
FOBO TV? More like HOMO TV amirite bois?
I want a WSB written book on how to stockmarket and send it to this guy
!RemindMe 1 month
[removed]
Tesla i wouldn't consider a bubble because they are not just a car producer, as long as they keep getting into new things like starlink and rockets they will keep mooning
Can somebody less retarded than me make a meme video using Tim Robinson’s Mr Paradise skit? It’s too perfect to not utilize
My goal is to have the biggest 401k balance at my company. I heard this gives you immunity from getting fired by HR
Or...in 6 months the only thing you have left is your PSTH investment.
When did you buy
This is the way.
Yup. If I would just cash out whenever I was up 20-30% I'd be up bigly
Bro wtf do you some of y’all retards do throwing 100 bands around like it’s nothing
Count dooku
They will definitely lose my packages.
LMFAO, you're in here talking shit on GME when you're going all in on bitchcoin?

You can't even tell me where it gets its value. What underlying *anything* drives its price other than pure sentiment?
I mean they work 12 hr days and deal with old grumpy boomers who just shit the bed
Http://www.letmegooglethatforyou.com
Sell on first trading day of Jan
why did Celsius Holdings go up 1000% this year? It's a fucking drink company...
Could you explain this a little more for me? When would you use a debit spread and is it a way to protect your upside of shares/calls ?
Fubo will likely never be profitable
Is $ENPH gonna run up like half as much as $TSLA now???
Yesterday was last day of 2020 tax season for stock purposes. But I'm not sure why...
Boomers and institutions scoff at WSB. They think retail investors are the servants of a society that only serves them. They trade, moving the market this way and that, thinking nothing will hurt them.

They’re about to take the largest greenest dildo right up their jacksie.

Hear me institutions shorting GME, you should have been afraid.
Then it’ll happen all over again in two years. I’ve never seen political ads, mailings, and phone calls get this bad
On bear stocks no?
guys pump Tesla to 800-900 dollars. I’ll take my short position then and you take your profits x
Just inverse yourself every time buddy
No reason to buy a new car anyway, leasing is the smarter decision even though everyone thinks the opposite
This is the DD i'm here to see
My moves are watching GME move sideways, and probably slightly down.
A reminder that this is r/wallstreetbets.
I use Etoro, is IT margin? Even if i do 1x?
Same here. Shit annoying as fuck. And they come to my door and put shit on the door handle leave me alone u fucks before I vote red
Yeah. Best move, if using this strategy for cash mgmt, would be to exit as soon as merger is announced. Prob better interest rates than you can get anywhere else no?
Are we really doing this again?
yeah figure it the fuck out
Lol.. I'm happy not gambling on something I don't belive in. But more power to you retards.
Thinking of getting some calls for NIO day. What’s your PT bb?
[deleted]
damn 40k volume on aapl 2/19 145s today
Solid play my dude, props honestly that was the smart way. I took my call ten bagger and ran lol
Way to over compensate with the punctuations 👍🏼
Buy leap atm put spreads?
The real question is what price are they pinning it at? My darling SPY seems like it's been heavily manipulated lately. Or and I hate to say this but unless there is a legit pullback or mini crash we will never see it fly like we did from April to 4 weeks ago.
Whew nice OP. Treat yourself to a roadster
What do you think Chris Hemsworth’s portfolio looks like?
Been bag holding VALE since before battery day with shares and a few 16-17$ options expiring in March...it was going pretty steady for a while.
EQR
I bought in more yesterday during the dip. Fucking beautiful
Yeah it’s on both just asking which is better I’m on it thanks!
Donny personally emails me 4x every day, but it keeps going to my spam folder for some reason. Regardless, I know that every $1000 I send is going to a true patriot 🇺🇸
Lock in profits for new year. I'm sure most the profit taking for this year was done weeks ago.
Fuck that. She’s gonna have to pay like $5 in taxes. I’m here to lose money.
May you live in interesting times
Don't make the greedy/max potential play, make the smart play. Lesson learned
You WISH?
It’s worth trillions
Thursday
Td has two recent valuations from separate analysts that while it has increased they still only have 6 percent of the market due to such fragmentation across the globe of suppliers.

They are anticipating it to drop further next year with no firm indication of a good climb.
https://www.morningstar.ca/ca/report/stocks/analysis.aspx?t=0P000003O6&lang=en-CA
Go read about Greeks first you ignorant kid 👦 This sub will bankrupt you soon otherwise
I read this entire block of meandering shit. But what the fuck does Indonesia have to do with $VALE?

I’m retarded so maybe I’m missing something?
My 401(k) is 10% E❎K might be 30% by February
Just link us your Onlyfans
Bro 😂😂😂😂💀
oh shit normally I end my weeklies 1 day early but tomorrow is the last trading day of the week.
Having sex with a male nurse... great
"Robinhood trader up $1000 Today Excited About New Yearly Income of $365,000"
GME - personally I think they are a dead duck long term. Short term, I have faith in the C-Suite they put in place to rebrand or simply flip the business. They're also getting a cut of all digital products per their agreement with MSFT. Its a clunker, but there's some money in this crumb
You should hold them until they expire worthless.
A bunch of those stores around me are doing outta business
So you ain’t with her no more? Can we get some pics or something?
phone check apple store
I'm really new to this shit and seriously i read this comment and here are my thoughts: "hrmmm i have put all my money in literally GME, PLTR, PSTH and CRSR" - yikes this comment makes me think i must have fucked up."
Tell us something we don't know
I think officially is 3
Truck gonna be empty. 20 or 25 doesnt matter that much when the stonk is at $125. Id rather own 1000 shares at 25 basis than 0 shares trying for 20 basis
Because we are collectively worth less than your starting balance
Congrats on scrolling down to the bottom of their page on robinhood. Those numbers are never right.
That's why I said all stock deal.
Been there done that. I’d rather stick with sports
Atlanta checking in. I just want it all to end.
10 dollar gang, reporting for duty.
Bro NiO will be over 200 next December. Stay the course I’m riding this freebie for YEARS
It's gonna be dead by the time it gets to you unless they're feeding it
Is it good on phone or steam
I called and told them all I’m trying to do is buy 1 long dated call option on silver. Dude said he would expedite my application and I would be able to make the trade the next day. Next day, application was still rejected. I’ve given up. Tried 5x over the past 3 years.
[removed]
[removed]
I’m retarded
Etrade
This sub was straight to the dome ass for the whole two days he was gone. A little concerning that he's clearly the only one left holding us together...
!remindme one year
[removed]
It's not all fun and games, just when you think the meme stock you're holding is cooling off enough to sell some overpriced calls on, BAM. Ryan Cohen ups his stake, then you and the guy who bought the calls are holding each other's dicks with an iron grip until expiry.
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nP6SKDppwes](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nP6SKDppwes)
Wait for it to spike and buy puts
Bought 100k worth of BABA at 220 last week. Sold today at around 238. Went in about 30k July 300’s. Any of you guys been in these? And at what underlying price and option price did you pay?
That link better pull up a picture of your Butt hole 🕳 fella you are in the wrong sub
I guess just buy M A R A and RIOT at close cuz they fucking pump overnight every time
Damn straight you wish you were on this rocket train. GME 🚀🚀🚀🚀
$0
Be sexual, talk about how young girls are terrible and more mature women are the best. Talk about you getting older and not trying all the sex stuff you wanted (it will trigger her own insecurities). If there’s a lul in the conversation and things are going your way say it’s taking all of your energy to not kiss her and see how she reacts.
GG
Tripling down on AAPL for earnings.

Been stagnant for 3-4 months all while the dollar has been drilling. This bitch going to the moon and beyond
Can you tell me how to make the sports odds in my favor I’m on a FAT losing streak
Look up "distracted boyfriend meme" to see a lot of examples!
Yes because Tesla is going to 7K in a few years
So like find positions that ppl are holding that they like, but are in the hole on? You gonna get a lot of PLTR
[removed]
Which would made him authoritarian at best (which I think he actually is)

Btw: vague arguments such as “that’s what X would do” are super lame. By that logic I can even paint Sanders as a Stalinist
How can I profit on robocall companies and political advertisements? The amount of ads/calls/texts I get a day for the Senate race in GA is ridiculous.
There was a post a while back someone did something similar and was allowed by the mods.
Stagflation is coming.
Who does this?
Hoping for VIX to spike because trump declares civil war
Let’s just end the year on a green day and then get a lil correction, into a 20yr bull run
Guess what dude?! Nobody gives a fuckkkkk about your 1/4 Toyota Corolla. Go brag to somebody who is actually
Impressed like your Wendy’s coworkers
So I gotta turn 1k into 30k to be up for the year (even)? Got it
And/or selling OTM CC over and over.
Gotta step it up. I made $1.96
where is the news
Buy FDs
> FB will probably trade back at $272 by the end of the week. 

I guess your plan is to wait for FB to rocket to $282.52 or so and break even on this position at the end of the year. But it just broke 100 days SMA slightly, you can see as low as $265.55 tomorrow. Good luck.
It's hard out here for a pimp to make some tendies in the market. Only up 15% this month. Down 2% for the week.
Pretty soon it's going to be impossible to buy a new car for under 20k.
There’s a EOXFF. Buy. Right now.
positions or ban, paper trader
Haha, made me laugh
I’m gonna kindly request everyone take their 600 and buy
CRSR 1/15 35P 😴😴😴
The retards are on a new level.
All the Big Girls wear it
Bought more, we eat from a golden platter tomorrow or more realistically I will be forced to eat dirt
buy a charger with your gainz bro
Schwab has always been on top of their shit in my case over the years.
[I should get covid](https://www.reddit.com/r/nottheonion/comments/kn7rz6/nurse_strips_off_ppe_suit_to_have_sex_with_covid/)
Congrats and fuck you.
Panic buy tomorrow’s open
Lmao
Target price of $8 by 2 short sellers lol
SEC is saying Ripple sold XRP as an un-registered security, exchanges are now delisting XRP trading. SEC Lawsuit to follow.
[deleted]
Amazon predictions for tmrw?
Rip my uvxy 10 put exp 12/31/20
They’re trying to cause a panic sell. What ppl don’t realize is that’s what’s going to cause a “crash”. The deaths, unemployment, etc has all been going on the whole time and that’s what they’ll blame it on. But it’ll be the sentiment change led by media that’ll cause a crash, if anything
I just read RIOT has 6 employees??? Wtf 🤣
Why does anyone still listen to “analysts” on TV. These idiots been saying there’s a crash coming at some point every year. No actual professional analyst sees a market crash coming besides the correction we JUST HAD all month. January is looking bullish as fuck find a position in a strong stock and stay the course and don’t be a bitch who gets shaken out by the whales
polytopia
MAAWWWDSSSS
up 130% in 401k without options... lost $5k in robinhood and wish i wouldve bought a drum set instead

much better luck with spacs & warrants and will consider leaps on etfs and blue chips (looking at you dis and aapl)
DD: 🚀
If it’s going up rn just from speculation imagine when they actually announce something
You i follow that logic. Makes sense to me..... which is what im worried about haha. But gl dude
What was his name?
you would be surprised how far the words of a random can go
This guy is a troll you retards
Looooooool female dog, glutimus maximus mf
Yeah but was there snow on Christmas? No? Okay. Sticking with robinhood
There’s traditionally a hype up then a dump upon the merger. Though with all the hype around SPACs now I do wonder if that’ll continue in 2021. If you miss the merger (the ticker will literally just change in your account to the new company once it merges) then the safety of $10 is gone; it’s just a regular stock and can be any old price it wants to be
Hi, I'm a professor in Crackanal(ysis) and this is a solid paper. And as the bible clearly states: 

*"nor Melvin nor Boomers nor intelligent people will inherit the kingdom of God. Only the greedy autistic retrads will." Cohen 6:9 §420*
I checked its good
He should change his name to u/millimeterpeter
I wonder when the narrative wins, that TSLA is a bubble right now. I think there is too many people not yet realizing right now, so that the shorties are in historic pain. But what happens when it starts to burst? It will be too easy to make money very fast. So if it is too easy to make the easy money, it doesnt burst. It has to burst, when no one can sell and profit. So it should be some holidays. This is so amazing!
This is the best company you could find to go all in?😂
It's 500 shares and HE get to choose how he wants it.
I believe in you! The hard part is being patient.
we're in the age of data and memes. PLTR does both
You fucking bastards. I’m so close to buying into a failing company that has 0 chance of
Long term survival due to all these retarded post fucking the market. Love you. 😍
We're reaching levels of small PP energy that shouldn't even be possible
i will as well
Ask Google this, maybe it'll know.
[https://www.cnbc.com/video/2020/12/30/romeo-power-ceo-on-the-electric-vehicle-boom-and-going-public-via-spac.html](https://www.cnbc.com/video/2020/12/30/romeo-power-ceo-on-the-electric-vehicle-boom-and-going-public-via-spac.html)
[removed]
Bro stocks are confusing.
will do.
Ah fuck you goddamn thats some edging right there
Half day into a long weekend... I don’t trade the Forex
2021?
I made 4670$ today but am not going to answer any questions because it’s 2:44am here and I need to sleep.
Fixed with new graphics.
Only if you are into trading Bonds
Ooh boy, it's only a matter what percent kept not if any did. Imma guess 40% of FDers kept.
Only got 600 from the stimmy check but banged it all into shares before it even cleared.
To be clear they are not expected to be profitable until 2022 if I’m not mistaken. But around here we all know that doesn’t really matter. Just don’t be surprised if the actual ER numbers aren’t great
#Here’s to another day of making all the wrong moves and losing money, boys🍻
Anyone have DD for XL?
Good luck I'm rooting for you
I don’t care cunt. Shouldn’t you be in an AA zoom meeting?
can't even buy individual stocks in this crap 529b :(
Nah I am good bruh
Why you post today when you’ll have 20 grand come Jan 10
[deleted]
[deleted]
Market manipulation for sure
😎💎✋🏼
WELCOME BACK THANK YOU FOR KEEPING OUR STREETS SAFE
Lol we need to encourage this fool to short with everything he has please drive up the borrow fees and add more fuel to the squeeze please
What is theta gang? Selling OTM CSPs on bull stocks and racking fat preems?
man, I’ve seen some little PP posts lately but this is straight up just micro PP energy
That's 1 hospital. Another hospital has ICU full, plus tent ICU full. Making them negative capacity. Balance is at 0%. Just a guess.
I don’t know what that was, but I liked it
[deleted]
The real tru tru
LMAO, they've just had their best year they will ever have and IPO'd at the peak. 

ABNB is the way, IPO'd during their worst year.
I should change my handle to ElPatronDelDesierto, Esq.
FU$E. That is all. If you are interested in the next big money move.
He won't let himself die
Ok. I'll delete and try again.
The real DD is in the comments
*Come oooon hyperinflation.*
It would have to hit 260 by tomorrow then lol
Alexa play Full On (Reprise) by Soundgarden
Their margin rates Yikes!
huh? just trade.
Congrats! Now share with us what your NEXT three trades would be and let’s see how that plays out before you request yourself a “Buffet” or “Guru” flair.
Lmaooooo banned
I’m sure I’m not the best teacher. Check out [r/thetagang ](reddit.com/r/thetagang)
🤡🤡🤡🤡😂😂😂😂
Eat my dongus you fuckin nerd.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
yo auto bot! Why don't your feed these guys your sticky dingus besides teh ban? eh?
Haven't heard that around here in a long time
someone selling the shares at 40 dollars each due to the contracts
Yeah I agree, I’m really wanting to get out by tomororw tbh, hoping for a pump
I'm a bot. All Gain/Loss/YOLO posts should include screenshots of positions. These posts are either small potatoes, spam, or big moves which don't show position details. Users are not banned and can repost with better screenshots.

User|Post Title
:--|:--
/u/marvic2409|[Am I doing this right?](https://i.redd.it/2qdh65oxzd861.jpg)
/u/kunjinn|[Current meme portfolio](https://i.redd.it/4myp99yc1e861.jpg)
/u/Wille_wallee|[Longtime lurker but I was told to thank some of my fellow trading autist, so here it comes; Thanks retards! $SBE will rise again 🚀🚀🚀🚀](https://i.redd.it/bnnv24kd2e861.jpg)
/u/hiddengems1208|[Used my welfare check for a yolo. I think I will cash out and buy an 8ball. #Autist4life](https://i.redd.it/5y5lo8ll2e861.jpg)
/u/manual1965|[Am I retarded yet](https://i.redd.it/znh4m25t6e861.jpg)
/u/EcoastDistrib|[Robinhood sold all my shares without my permission](https://i.redd.it/s9ug6hji7e861.jpg)
/u/cajunace|[Sent my buddy a referral link to Robinhood today.... Didn’t think they actually gave out AAPL for referrals.](https://i.imgur.com/6v7xK2O.jpg)
/u/brokenyu|[What’s the trick to turn this around?](https://i.redd.it/ajo7o9j2he861.jpg)
/u/FunTechnical904|[Where my $SQ Strattonites/Bulls at 🚀🚀🚀 we are ready for blastoff](https://i.redd.it/3c0jksv7ke861.jpg)
/u/Reasonable-Weakness7|[Think I’m finally getting the hang of options 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀](https://i.redd.it/j9o6k6kfke861.jpg)
[removed]
[deleted]
[removed]
I think I know what I’m doing. I feel like I know how options work, but I don’t have enough capital to actually be effective, if that makes sense. I officially retire from this shit there’s no chance for me. I’m just sticking with sports where I can make odds be in my favor. 

I’ll probably just stick around here to shitpost
Freakin experts in cnbc predicting market crash, don't they factor in the power of the Feds, Either fuking fake news or market manipulation.
No, they ban either side but the main mod that did most of the work left so they’ve been sneaking past by (unless you report it)
I added to my position today, but I missed timing the bottom, thinking 12 midday was the dip 😅
I wouldn't take that bet, rich people live a lot longer than poors. He's not even fat.
Again, I'm surprised you guys picked an unprofitable government contractor to stan in this subreddit when things like BLI exist.
[deleted]
What is strategy behind that?
What's triggering a 25%+ drop?
Does SPY close the last day of the year red or green
I need something to do during the day I’m so bored... what’s better twitch or fans only... average body, but great gamer with solid man boobs
Glad it worked out for u bud! Just trade options only u will see great gains
If it causes PSTH can moon he can buy whatever he wants
If your chute doesn't open you'll have the rest of your life to figure it out.
Full day tomorrow except bond market closes at 2.
around $10 and i just buy when a catalyst is about to come out like merger date or announcement. tbh im just gambling though
True. Being the only one in a position isn’t always a bad thing, but this was just stupid.
Personally, I would never touch this stock because it's too risky. I think eventually the company will go under, but it's impossible to estimate how long that might take. A lot of people are using the Blockbuster and Netflix analogy, however this is a flawed comparison as Netflix and Blockbuster were direct competitors vying to be the primary distributor for movies rentals. Netflix eventually won, not because of their streaming service, but because it was more convent for customers to rent DVD’s by mail than it was to drive to a physical location. However, in this analogy the movie industry and the companies producing DVD players were neutral parties. They were not actively working against Blockbuster, like the Game console companies are working against GME. 

Sure Microsoft, Sony, Nintendo are partnered with GME now, but that’s only because they still need GME to sell games to customers that don’t have high speed internet access. In my opinion this is the only reason GME is still relevant. It has nothing to do with their CEO, management, merchandise, or stores. The biggest factor in GME’s continued success is the lack of high speed internet access in the U.S.. Both Microsoft and Sony have released digital versions of their consoles this year and the moment they feel that enough of their customers have high speed internet access they will remove the Blu-ray drives from their consoles. Why? It’s an additional expense that gives customers an ability to bypass their online entertainment stores. There is a good possibility that this could happen on next generation consoles in another 5 to 10 years. Can a company like GME survive on console and merchandise sales alone? No. 

In another decade or two the only game sales will be digital purchases or subscriptions, and they tied to their platforms like the Playstation, Xbox, Steam, etc. Of course you could also have cloud based subscriptions were you don’t need to buy the hardware as your running the game off a server, but the point is there won’t be any physical media for retailers to sell. My point is GME won’t have any reason to exist and I don’t believe there is anything they can to to change their fate.
Hey, if it werent for the dent in my skull, I'd be average height.
I'm in a similar situation lol, still down 17% but 💎👐
Motherfucker
What about if he dies from Kamala Harris bashing him with a frying pan in the White House? What’re the odds on that?
You want to hold it for a year to avoid short term cap gains tax. What it does in the first 364 days of owning RKT is irrelevant. This is a long term play that will have a squeeze in the not-so-distant future. Btw I fucking hate Rocket too.
Thanks. Only 3 days ....Hmmm I have high expectation for their next earning. Finger crossed.
I don't understand, PLTR is legitimately the best investments out of all WSB meme stocks, unless maybe you still count AMD. It's data processing, it's a huge industry, it's the future, they do a good job, they're a good company. Of course this insane pumping is some overvaluations but that's just how IPOs go sometimes, once WSB and the rest of the marker retards get done with it I think it will find a steady support level and see good growth. This company is nothing like NKLA, they have done good work, they will continue to do so, it's a good company, just memey and overvalued for now. Bullish on holding shares if you're gay enough to do that.
N.BAC is the next EV play, up 10% today
Reverse psychology perhaps?
[removed]
MT closed up 2%...slow and steady she goes. Once we break that $25 mark its clear skies ahead. On top of that we got alot of steel company ER's coming up over the next couple of weeks. If they post good guidance its steel Valhalla time boys
Why does this dip shit have two first names ?
So my $50 12/31s printing or nah
[removed]
China and the EU just made a trade deal today
All my team members took vacation last week and put me (6 months on the job out college) as lead on a developing project. It was fucking havoc. This week the real lead came back and I could finally sit back and play video games
Bahaha fuckin ded
[deleted]
What are the best stocks for 2021 👀
Cum in my asshole you pig
Are you sure you want to graduate from wsb? You really really really want to spend time over at r/investing or r/stocks? I mean good luck; who am I to stop you.
His name is Mark Etmaker.
The IRS website says tomorrow 31Dec unless I'm reading it incorrectly.
Never have more than 1 kid. My son was the best thing for me. Without him I’d be lost. I’d probably have more money, travel a lot more and not be married to my wife... just imagine.
I know moron, I was making fun of you
I’ve actually been wondering if that’s still a rule. I see political posts here alll the time now and it looks like no one is getting banned for them. Mostly liberal posts about politics though. Maybe they’re only banning more right-leaning posts idk
holding since 16

&#x200B;

lets gooo
99.96.....
Tripled the market...
Strap in boys 🚀👩‍🚀
Buy the dip, short the VIX
Ask her if you can become your friend’s step dad
If he's a real friend he should have no problem with you having sex with his mom as long as you are good to her and the both of you are happy. Plus older women not gonna give you any hastle about not wearing a rubber.
Tomorrow, I will learn to code from scratch to write something that will scan WSB for the 💎 emoji, compile a list of the associated tickers and allow me to invest accordingly without having to browse through these treads all day. Probably on Open Office Calc. Or find someone that will do it for free.
Just go with it. BUt start wearing gray sweatpants and gym shorts when you go over there.
I read that yesterday’s drop is tax related coz everyone is selling is that true ? 

Ps: taxes hahaha
12$... a year?  Wow.  If he holds for an entire 50 years, he would earn... 1 - 600$ government stimulus check.
[deleted]
are you religious?
Is your code in GitHub? If not any chance you could share the criteria to capture these?
[deleted]
[deleted]
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/FunTechnical904 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Selling options was yesterday.  Per the IRS website the last day for selling stock is tomorrow, unless I'm not reading it correctly.  It mentions 31Dec as the last day in which you can sell a stock and have the gain/loss be attributed to the current year.
Nobody here is greedy enough to hold their Tesla calls  after this massive day, right ?
i hope you made it today lol
I mean Trump is in worse health and hes still here
Godspeed, fellow autist.
This is the best meme I’ve seen on this sub in a while.  Take your upvote good sir.
It's the spirit that counts.
[removed]
Didn’t imply that it did
thats not how options work. and its not 5 shares its 5 call options for the right to purchase 500 shares @ $40 each. the gains are the premium he's made on the share price climbing vastly above the strike price.
no need to pay tax if you invest from  tax-free countries, sorry US folks
Why not wait until 2021? Waiting the extra day would push back your owed taxes an extra year, right?
Ban this spamming fuck
yes google
💎 🤚
After tomorrow’s close it’s like your yearly losses never existed because cum Monday your YTD starts at 0%. Make your end of day plays count tomorrow boys and girls
This is the way
Don't buy overleveraged products

*retarded bears buying UVXY and averaging down everyday*
Yo you can stfu. This the 20th post u made in an hour
It just doesn't really match the format. You can try to add cellular stuff to the characters to personify them more, but the essence of the meme is just to have one word on each person to show that the word that's on the male has its attention drawn more towards the word that's on the left female. The girl on the left doesn't say anything either
Congrats. This is awesome.
Just thinking out loud, this is how GME goes digital:

Only way to get GME digital access is to sign up for their membership.

Console online marketplace will have “GameStop” section/tab

You can do digital rentals Through Microsoft shop with a One Time Passwords or a random code generator. When you turn the console off, you’re required to request another passcode when back online.

Rentals will only be available if console is online. 

🤷🏻‍♂️
Lost a lot of money in March.... this IS the way
[removed]
Fucking criminals
I do not wish to be retarded anymore
Grab her by the pussy of course
The way I see it, Disney is valued at roughly the same subscriber multiple as Netflix has been all these years, and then valued at a much lower multiple on its studio and theme park business. So if anything, I’d argue it is fully valued but with a promising future. My guess is if anything bad, rather than fall it would trade sideways for awhile. But I’m not in the business of making short term price predictions, as I I own LEAPS and intend to hold them until expiration. 

Whatever you decide, good luck to you sir. May the tendies be spicy and the servings keep coming.
[removed]
This is reassuring bro. 🚀
How fucked is my $TSLA 710c 12/31?
[removed]
*THE UVXY IS DOWN ABOUT 20% ! GRGRGRG*
Yep. Go on..
what do that mean?
Look to my coming on the first light of the 5th day in 2022.  At dawn look to the GEast.
That guy looks like he knows a thing or two about shorts.... from riding the short bus to school his whole life, amirite?
What strike price + maturity do you typically do and why?
If you don't go to college  you can't wake up in a panic once a week for the next 30 years after having a dream about how you didn't finish that one elective and you didn't graduate and then walk into your office and verify that yes, your diploma is still there.
You know the one with the pot and kettle too?
no that is not correct https://theconservativeincomeinvestor.com/why-do-removed-stocks-outperform-new-stocks-in-the-sp-500/
[deleted]
Yeah that's the entire point of the comment. If you need something then you can get it, but iPhone 11 isn't just a useless hunk of metal when the 12 came out in spite of their beliefs.
Elon says its a waste of money and time. You can learn anything online.
Same lol, love bag holding
Worth doing at least once
Holding shares on NIO from 27 and not selling has required some serious balls but I believe I will be rewarded
[deleted]
Geez I hope so, I have been holding way to many shares for a while. Have been selling CC against them but have been feeling it's going to, well rocket, done time soon so worried to sell calls and miss the ride
Ask her if she has a boyfriend
Best I can do is $100.
That’s hot
Oh, so you probably haven't heard of r/AntStreetBets either? lol
[deleted]
I googled for the best search engine and it suggested Google. Is that the best one to find out the trading times tomorrow? If not, which one?
Never bang a dumb chick
[deleted]
[deleted]
I like to keep my losses just under $3k so that I don’t have to keep track of it year over year
You give her the ol Lisa Ann treatment
PLTR is gonna pop off in the upcoming years. I’m in it too
Schwab TSLA call fam with over 6,300% gain checking in. 

https://i.imgur.com/XaPA60c.jpg
Exactly!
[deleted]
DM
Dude they’ll think I have a small dick from my Leaps and lack of FDs ...
Just FYI tmr is regular hours it ain’t a short day
Cheers fam. We El Retardos should stick together
Pump it yourself pal
Is Bill Ackman going to buy FUBO?
kiss her
you have to call them to trade options... they hate it
Safer than trading options.
Are you bipolar or something? Read your last reply.
lmfao right? all these dumb asses betting so hard against game but wont post their shorts or puts.
> apples to oranges

But you can still compare them.
ER scheduled for 2/11 as of now. Lockup ends 3 days after so 2/14 unless they move the ER date
🍉🍉🍉🍉🍉🍉🍉🍉🍉🍉🍉🍉🍉🍉 CELH
 No problem! Glad I could help. Feel free to message me if you have any questions. 🤘
$109.07 bow before me
If there’s isn’t any rockets in the headline 90% of WSB will scroll past it
Man fuck google for a change
It's funny if you have to sell long holding positions to pay the IRS this year, just to pay tax on it next year when you only sold to pay the IRS this year.
RKT just lays there
debunked
I'm a bot. Recent empty self posts, noob questions, and spam which people were temp-banned for. Bans are 1-2 days to discourage posts that ought to be comments.

User|Post Title
:--|:--
/u/ImpossibleScientist1|[Best stocks for 2021?](https://redd.it/knbf6h)
/u/mentos3312|[I have been dabbling for 2 years learning and losing. I'm ready to be an average adult autist now. What is a good platform on a smartphone to use. Been using RH and not interested in webull.](https://redd.it/knbql9)
/u/_Drosselmeyer|[The Intrinsic Value of Lumen](https://redd.it/knbrlk)
/u/Fun-Credit-3880|[How long](https://redd.it/knbvyn)
/u/tyKCub|[??????](https://redd.it/knc74l)
/u/Mouse998|[Help on Intel?](https://redd.it/knc9iq)
/u/Afshari|[Shout out if you are still a silver, PM and miners gang 🚀](https://redd.it/kncc3q)
/u/AbeWasHereAgain|[2020 Year in Review](https://redd.it/kncelx)
/u/thetrollfromabove|[I'm withdrawing my TFSA in order to speculate. What should I do?](https://redd.it/kncgew)
/u/dirtbraaap|[BTAQ spac](https://redd.it/kncmi8)
amt
🚀 ICLN 🚀
How do I unsubscribe?
[deleted]
Little did they know
Is your wife for sale?
FUCK YEAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Where is the votebot? This is bullshit. All these n00bs needs to fuck back off with their questions and ask in r/options or whatever. This is not the place for rookie cucks to ask their shitty questions
Holy shit!
[removed]
I wouldn't make that bet but its your money
**I am a bot and identified and tracked the following options picks within this post:**

|**Ticker**|**Strike**|**Type**|**Exp**|**Recorded Premium**|**Recorded Stock Price**|**OI**|**Volume**|
|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|
|**SQ**|**$220**|**BUY CALL**|**2021-01-15**|**$10.17**|**$221.04**|**13064**|**2391**

[Realtime ROI](https://www.pickmojo.com/pick/ckjc05nauk0d00794zp13dk2j) | [Track Record](https://www.pickmojo.com/user/Onion217/) | [Bot Info](https://www.reddit.com/r/pickmojo/comments/he9ghu/options_picks_tracking_bot_information/) | Leaderboard: [Week](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-week-reddit), [Month](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-month-reddit), [All](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/top-reddit) | [Exit this position](https://www.pickmojo.com/reddit_redirect)

**^(*Recorded after market close, will be recorded at the next market open if the premium is within 10% margin. My owner is monitoring these posts, reply with feedback! You can now track comments by mentioning me!)**
He’s tripling the market average of 10%... we really are a bunch of retards if we can’t get that.
ICLN ENPH CELH GANG IN FUCKING LAMBOS
[removed]
I only didn't buy because I thought it was the clothing manufacturer. 

My retardation saved my life.
[deleted]
getting enough of that on robinhood
And I hope the car remains that way for you. 
I don’t have anything against Ford, in fact I was looking at a Mustang on their website last night...but that only lasted for 60 seconds...lol but nonetheless I still considered them. 

The repair / reliability of any car model is a toss up. The most “reliable” car maker could have lemons, and the least reliable car could make some good ones. 

But my point was, this is the first model year of its kind, and its electric. This makes it different than your new generation model year.

This a whole new car on its own, and electric on top of that. There’s more to this car that hasn’t been “tested”...sure you can test in lab conditions, but real world is different. 

It’s kind of like video games, CyberPunk and all Ubisoft titles...not perfect in the beginning, flaws, glitches etc are recognized through normal usage. Then after some updates, they could be the smoothest gameplay ever. 

It’s comparing apples to oranges, but you get the idea. A car is a huge liability, and the last thing you want is to be the test mule for a brand new 1 year car....that’s my thought process anyway.

With that said, if it was a very unique car that would be a potential collectible, yea I’d go head first as the 1st year owner. But when it’s just another Ford at the end of the day, there isn’t a whole lot of upside to having the first year model unless someone just wants to have a car that many people don’t have that year.
Are my $SFIX $60p gonna print tomorrow or am I screwed?
They keep getting clapped...
what?
Fuck yea
I don't mind. Those boomers are just jealous
thats what i thought. nothin else to say about your post. 

Should be flaired shit post instead. Crunchy fuck.
far from it. DA hasn't been announced yet. its gonna follow QS when it is.
Going to check if there is a EOYDWM ticker of any kind
Fucks
Up
Bitches 
Options
Use her credit card.
Can someone explain this? Why is it better to sell your profits at the start of the new year?
You idiot-- just send it to RH
She probably always will because women are risk adverse. And you are here on WSB
What do u guys do if your friends mom is a bangin hot milf (not even joking everyone agrees lol) and always wants to chat with you and catch up over tea everytime i come over 😣 she doesn’t do this to any of my other friends
It's just numbers until you make them real
Nope it costs 65 bucks
LOL after hours looking like a staircase
[removed]
All those diapers you're buying could've went into $GME
Why PLTR
 

\+$69.89 (+0.44%) After Hours 

\+$69.89 (+0.44%) After Hours 

\+$69.89 (+0.44%) After Hours 

\+$69.89 (+0.44%) After Hours 

\+$69.89 (+0.44%) After Hours
Biden got the vaccine on Dec 21. You get full immunity 4 weeks plus 2 days after, so he will be immune from the virus on Jan 20, the day he gets sworn in as POTUS.
well easy to make good investment moves when you have a cult following... HE buys and people buy after him to follow. Free money. Look at TSLA's cult following lol we going back to 2k and splitting 1:5 next may
I’m down
TOS
just load it with amzn and tsla and your crotch fruit can go to any school on the planet by then
Which SPACs are you in rn?
 

\+$69.89 (+0.44%) After Hours 

\+$69.89 (+0.44%) After Hours 

\+$69.89 (+0.44%) After Hours 

\+$69.89 (+0.44%) After Hours
That bad boy getting shit on big time just now on CNBC. Hope you have puts.
-80 here in MN
only bond markets close early tomorrow. stonks are full up
hope you're right. tahnks
I think market will care when they see the amount of capital it takes to get all the content DIS is looking to make, the limitation of revenue from Streaming vs Park & Movies and how much the bottom line suffers in the short term. Could be playing with napalm.
His BAC call didn’t underperform
 

\+$69.89 (+0.44%) After Hours
😂❣️
good thing college is for losers
Nah u aint. Shit is 🔥
Full day of trading EST, bond trading ends at 1PM EST, but no one here trades Bonds, or even watches Bond movies
Get this man a beer
[removed]
Talk to me more about the timing?  


Isn't there like a quarter long closing period / shareholders have to accept the merger - would the SPAC trade below $10 then? I.e. if a merger and I don't want to hold the co after, I would still have time to yeet at entry price and at that point no harm no gain (b/c again want to treat this like "cash")
Thoughts on skydiving?
Retard gunna go bust
I bought at 152 sold at 118. Always buy high sell low
Cool bro YTD P/L screenshot or MODS PLEASE BAN
[deleted]
Thank you for your glowing endorsement
Stupid boomer wants a tussle with the retards
😘😘😘
this is the way
whats jan 4th?
I did it for the money
Yep. Limited by your active buying power.  You can have instant access to a incoming transfer, but that’s it unless you activate margin.
For the love of Christ it had better. I've got 30% of my acct in $55 2/19's
He dumped other banks like Wells Fargo and it is up as well. He also sold Amzn in March.
This is too accurate
wait i thought fubo was a free service
There are no value investors in here.
I'm not sure 😏 am I? You'll find out tomorrow
💎 ✋
Are you asking if you can short on ToS?

Of course you can. What kind of question is that?
32% does have 3
I’m too retarded to conceptually understand your equations.
Now imagine it goes the other way, you be surprise how fast it can go 😂
Market Watch aka Boomer Watch
Wait Amazon has their own cloud gaming service? Any good?
I think you might be the only one with those
Real traders go up 8% in 300 months
Fell for a shitty DD and bought a PSTG 25c for august.   What’s the consensus? Hold this bish?
I have a feeling they are going to print
Good spot to load up.
Late to party.. this guy.
God damn. Beautiful work.
Yikes
If I had 400k I'd be living in the woods and hiking rent-free for a decade.

Probably less than that. Probably get bored after a couple years.
🍉🍉🍉🍉 to dah moooooooon
As long as you call me mommy
PE is a class we all failed in middle school
Vote for RC when your proxy comes.
I jumped on this bus with the rest of the tards.
Why are you the way you are?
What’s that smell?  MON-AY 🚀 🚀 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Just because you put a flair saying its a meme doesnt mean it is. 

There is nothing funny about this fuckin shit. "HAR HAR HAR, GAMBLERS, HAR HAR"

 stop huffing paint dick smooch.
Fubo good here for stocks and sell covered calls due to IV on it or we still expecting to drop more?
[deleted]
So what’s the deal with the PLTR pennant theory? That shit still on or are my March calls fucked?
I agree completely. But I bet the 23 yo WSB trader above does not feel that way. 😉
Where are the rockets 🚀
You’re a goob
There’s a user with the flair ‘had sex once’. Maybe one day I can be like him
Call me Daddy
People say no one shops at GameStop... but....

When is the last time you saw someone inside an Amazon store?

Checkmate GME bears.
[deleted]
lets pump amc
Lol you should be buying more
wait, eoy is like.. today
Imagine your girlfriend going through your phone to see if you’re talking to other girls, but she just finds you asking for dick pics on r/wallstreetbets
Once we get smart enough, we might become part of the theta gang.
You maybe on to something.
if every year you went all in on the prior year's worst performing stock (regardless cap) and just left it there, what would your balance look like in five years
Losing large amounts of money has made me a better trader. My mind is solid as a rock now. I operate with that post-nut clarity 24/7.
Robinhood users are the most oppressed group in society 😔
It’s just one day. And I hope I can be as lucky as Buffet
Think or swim. Their charts r dope
FUBO back to $8🙏
I get that dividends have their place, but in this market, it being your main focus just seems like a waste.

I have a friend who invests in old-money, bluechip stocks like Boeing, GE, etc for the dividends, because he sees it as "lowest risk". But when you're JUST starting out investing, you can actually go HIGHER risk. Dividends and Bonds are for when you're retired and want constant income to keep yourself afloat, not when you're investing some money from your fulltime job on the side and can YOLO as you please.
It’s been 6 months dad, just let it be
People talking about it tanking to 16 😐. 
At this point it's a lottery.
might as well hold shares, and if it shits the bed it's just a tax write-off for the coming years
you still have 300 to lose
Let’s start off on where tripling is coming from lol
Brand new certified pothead auteurrr, long-time peeper and first-time caller. What do I do? Buy GME shares?
I don't think you're actually asking.
There’s a 1 in 112 million chance to get killed by a vending machine.

BABA $250 tomorrow still has a chance.
Not if in Roth IRA
Fully agree - what I think we (especially on this group) have noticed in the market is a TON of "fluff" where 1+2=5. Yes the market is aware of the reduced revenue, but I don't think enough realignment for P/E has been done. Also, the unleash of their catalog has a capacity constraint currently - I only pay for my streaming service monthly. Nothing more, nothing less. All of this content being released on streaming vs in theatres is going to crush their bottom line (again short term until things open fully-DIS has not announced they will be doing PPV which personally they would CRUSH if they did).

Always appreciate dialog (and shit-talk); I have a few other shorts but waiting for Jan. Everyone also laughed when I shorted ZM October & so far its down 35%. Not playing on hard mode - I tend to short extremely infrequently and always with % Limit losses just in case; something about DIS in the short term doesn't add up to me.
I am loving SPAC plays at the moment, like you say, if you’re close to nav you only risk a little cash per share. 

The only downside I guess is you’d need to be on the ball with timing and knowing when things are merging in case you want to yeet your money before the merge dip
Take their money while they fuck them right in the ass
Open up a line of credit in her name so you can play more
🍉 gang is eating tomorrow!!!!!
You mean Super Mario World?
Holy shit college costs are increasing at 6%/year, by 2033 it'll be a little over 200k for 4yrs at a state school.  Anyone have an options enabled 529b?
Well I had some from that November meme stock wave, but I stayed on when it crashed down the past few weeks
Was negative 2,000 on Monday. Nio to the moon 🌚
Wow 12% return, take it easy Buffett
Realty Income (O)
No
What even is this
*sigh*

He is literally trying to go around the courts by getting legislatures to appoint their own electors. He got owned in the courts and now he is trying everything else he can to overturn it. There is no election fraud, there was no election fraud, and he knows it. He is a fascist, you fucking dumbass idiot bitch.

[Follow your leader](https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/81lIap2OwGL._AC_UX569_.jpg) REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
I get paid to hold a stock lol
> End of January

Yep, EOJ
What should I do to not become you?
>If you want to ensure you have voting rights to your shares contact your broker, or move shares held in a margin account to a cash account.

So pretend I'm an idiot (you don't have to pretend, I am an idiot)... is there a threshold at which you get voting rights, or is a single share enough? And how do I know if I have a margin or cash account? Is cash the default?
I would rather buy a house in 2007
I’d inverse the obvious
first ones free
What brokers do y’all use? I want the best none of this Robinhood shit
And the P/e ratio is like 3
Fair enough, lol
Go look at the yearly chart, before Hermione beats your ass again.
Broke losers crying about lost stimulus money didn’t see the big picture? I’m shocked
Hi
How much did you lose
which puts? nothing looks cheap
Ok Dad :(
It’s a meme shorty ain’t no one hearin that shit
[removed]
[deleted]
I’d say bout tree fiddy...
First ones free
What brokers do y’all use? I want the best none of this Robinhood shit
SPAC calls are ez money
It closes at noon if you live on a boat in the Pacific
Biden should order the NYSE to be open half a day on Saturday.
Ford has declined to comment on how many cars they will make in 2020.  They wont say.  Others have estimated 50k, not ford.  

And they have already "sold out" of all that they have currently made.
Yes how does it feel
Teach me how daddy
This is some thinking point at head meme shit right here.
buying calls first thing tomorrow
I am suprised it even has people who subscribe to it
If I was a mod, your flair would be ‘still a local virgin’
$WMT
You sassy today 💁🏼‍♂️
Not entirely fucked. But don’t think BABA will hit 250 by then. Better to cut that 20% loss and use that money on SQ calls.
I lost 120k or so to Robinhood issues (crashes while the big crash was going on, and a stop loss that they ended up cancelling at the end of the day forcing me to hold some stocks). After those losses I was pretty sure the market was going to keep crashing around April, then again in June, and again in July and honestly the market never actually ended up going back down so I spent a lot of time losing money in SPY puts.

I was new to trading, and I took a lot of advice here as actual facts when most of it is just memeing so instead of cutting my losses I used my sick diamond hands to lose most of my money. By August I was down to 8k or so from 340k. I managed to work that back up to 80k mostly doing TSLA day trades/scalping. September I was holding a lot of TSLA calls when the market crashed again and I ended up swooping back down to less than 15k and I ended up needing to take some out to pay some bills etc. I have managed to slow bleed 5k down to 1k on some iffy plays, a couple of which were desperation SPY FD's where the market changed its mind all of a sudden on what it felt like doing.

So now I'm sitting with 1k in the trading account and staring down a couple of bad months ahead. I did all of this while unemployed so I'm extra stupid and probably about to be extra homeless haha. Here's an imgur link for the loss porn. https://imgur.com/a/kBwKngg it's a bit old now (I took these recordings in October) but it is what it is.

I think a lot of my losses are just desperation, obviously if I had known what I know now I would probably be doing a lot better, but you can't time travel.
same
back on the $lit train, hope she does me good again
This is google search for the autists
It was on the menu at IHOP this morning
That’s fucking retarded. You could just take a margin loan instead of selling your holdings. Big brains don’t sell
CNBC killing FUBO but they played a FUBO commercial right before it
[deleted]
[deleted]
good bot
This is painful to watch.
DASH***
Just sell crazy OTM covered puts where you’d either be BTFD or getting screwed with everyone else as society collapses.
I still wake up mornings with a big play on the books hopeful that that is the day I hit the big one. I think the dream is half the fun of the game, which is incredibly similar to the justification of playing the lotto.
1 ROCKET EOMJI PER GANG PLEASE 🚀🚀🚀
Lost 10k due to bank glitches and lost an extra 1400 due to bad decisions. Ask me anything
I honestly think you could be in ok shape. I would sell immediately if you see BABA hit 245 at all next week though
lol... but the body creates the testosterone... or he could just be bald cause of bad genes rofl
Lake house all day
[deleted]
BRK has been flat for the year while everything major is up 50%+. Buffet had a garbage year - even underperformed SPY
Haha yeah you do
I moved all mine into Penny's and made 13k this week 😂
Joking on this subreddit will get you ban. We serious in here
i bag held a call at -$2300 all week and finally broke even today. should have averaged down. 665c 1/15
Only the bond market
Thinking about creating a dating app but only women can have pictures and men have to have their portfolio value in real time show as their profile. All of your options are visible as well.

How much VC money you think I can get?
Damn son I like the way you retard carry on private.
Not at all.  End of January will *rip*
go on
Called it
Very interesting, thanks for the knowledge! Also, ain't that a bitch 😡
7.5 months
Did we just become best friends?
No 2 is for bonds market
RemindMe! 17 days
wow warren buffet making good investment moves??? who wouldve fucking known
i can't tell if this is serious or a joke, but it's missing rockets, regardless.
why dont any of you fucking retards just buy 50c for jan 2022. i have 20 and constantly loading, average 4.98
FUBO Calls at open tomorrow 

Will gobrrrr
More dovish fed in 2021

https://www.wsj.com/articles/feds-rate-setting-panel-gets-new-members-amid-uncertain-outlook-11609324200?mod=mhp
The companies that get kicked out dont usually recover
12/21, it crushed real fast.
Old news
[deleted]
Can you use Google search?
What pullback? We had a green day today at least
You’re leaving the position? 🧻👐🏼
Too much text?
If you had $400k would you rather buy a house/apartment or wheel AMZN weeklies and use that money to pay rent?
cant read or want to set the record straight?! ahahhah stupid fuck
I mean, you can use the bank loan, to buy more stocks so the broker increases your margin.
Also we don’t follow any of the rules
HON
Get your game up. Everything is a competition
Never been in that sub, but it's fun to read all the boomer talk on Seeking Alpha about why Altria and Exxon have been the best investment choices of the past decade because screw stonks going up - gimme my precious divvies!
Time to start trading with her money.
Bag holding 20 AAPL $142.50 calls expiring 3/19 should I worry?
When the fuck did Ted Mosby and Niles Crane get high together?
We all are. Some more than others for sure though ;P
Do you know what FUBO does?
TIL using the court system in order to prove election fraud is fascism

Trump Derangement Syndrome is real :D
Hold on, Need to rip the bong for all this to make sense
Level.homeless by june
AVGO.
Anyone participate in IB's share lending program (allow your shares to be borrower by short sellers in exchange for interest. You can still close the position any time you want)? I signed up last night because it seems like free money if your account is >$50k. Just wonder what kind of rate you end up getting. Clearly it depends on the stocks being held.
Higher ain’t always better. Tell her she is under leveraged.
OSTK 🤮

PLTR 😒

FUBO 😳
You're the reason banks make billions on overdraft fees.
[removed]
Nathan Fielder is a treasure.
Damn he bought the top
Cause I can’t file my taxes until I get my forms from the broker
I know this sub is retarded because everyone’s sucking PLTRs dick while TLS has gone up 50% in a month in the same workspace and no one is talking about it. 

But that being said, I don’t see myself leaving anytime soon.
Haha look everyone this doofus can’t read the meme flair get the dunce hat and sit in the corner bozo
😎
Bought a BUNCH of AAPL today.  Jacked to the tits at this point (1050 shares, and sold 10 OTM covered calls).
Is this an Atlas pump?
Contacted my broker and said I don’t want my shares lend out, even though I’m fully cash covered, just in case!
same. need to follow sell half rule better
I guess but consider this. Because the market already priced in removal from sp500, you are probably buying the put at or near bottom. From there, either you lose value to theta pedos or to bulls
Can you buy shares short on think or swim?
No. Predicting short term market movements is a losing game, but with that said I think there will be a steady market melt up. We are entering into a v shaped economic recovery with the vaccine roll out. That plus easy year-over-year comparisons on earnings releases plus the Fed reaffirming QE and - most importantly of all - 0% interest rates is not a recipe for a crash. It’s a recipe for a sustained market melt up. I wouldn’t be getting concerned for at least two quarters.
lmao good thing you bought at the top
Dated April! Diamond hands! Holding shares too, let's gooo!!
Closed Friday my dude. Open tomorrow
Yes
this is pretty good
Buffett was buying millions of shares of BAC when everyone was talking shit about him dumping airlines last Spring and now he’s up 50% while collecting fat dividends
You did it wrong, you have to type it like this

RemindMe! 17 days
Wellllll shiiiiit that's all you had to say! They go up cause they go up!
Yeah that's fair, but I want to exit some positions but idk what to do with the profit and don't want to keep it in cash (but want cash like safety). 

Why is this a bad idea though? Like why would a SPAC go below NAV?
[removed]
When did you sell urs
How fucked is my position, BABA 250C Jan 15. Average is 4.40 down 20%.
Damn dude. That was an incredible run. You’ll be back!
Guy at work just got it here in nyc
I must be in the 70% range to lose money everytime I sit down then.
Wait actually?
Fucking cry because i suck
Oh, fuck’n BAN. 

Fuck everyone who thinks it’s ok to post crap like this. 

What happened to the bots?
[removed]
If I use that word I will get banned here so sorry
wooof
But he has multiple three letter titles following his handle 😱
2.7 shares 20.25 avg 😎 to the moon babey
I have MFA and NYMT but I’m commenting to see replies.
Good man
I just did my taxes for the year. Going to owe the IRS so much money it's not even funny
Uhhh why does it matter, it's based of 2020 taxes
Sounds like theft haha 👮‍♀️ 🚓
Fuck! Lots of words supported by a picture with lots of words.  I need lines, pictures of kissing camels, sad red lines, happy green ones, fuckin' memes.  Not just words!
Buy high, sell high, get a high score!
Doubling it only? Those are rookie numbers
Not if they have $1.2m in their account. I'm zero percent more impressed. 

Risk is just as relative as gains/losses in dollar figures. Percentages speak all languages.
Well, it’s to be seen if this changes the narrative. The 20% surge yesterday might have been buys on this rumor, who knows?
No, really. Can't read shit. Just redo it with bigger letters asshole.
Nice
Awesome. I need to look into how to transfer options to other accounts. I wanted to give some family members deep itm calls I bought a while ago didn't know how.
Puts on this guys heart
Shit... I guess I'm the only one who likes Canoo's party bus
More concerned with Jan 4th.
I've never seen this format so butchered
Wow, that was very smart and not at all stupid of you to do and then tell everyone here about it
I googled it last week since I'm getting my credit pulled for a loan. Internet says no because it's not reported. Usually on a loan application they ask the question on if you have a margin account that you are utilizing margin on. Then they put a caveat in where you acknowledge to update the lender of any material changes to your answers between filling it out and closing.
i can't find the study, though i recall that as long as a delayed stock is not being relocated to another s&p index it actually performed better on average
[removed]
💎 **TLRY + APHA** 💎
There's more awards on this post than the boyfriends of his wife
Vienna sausage sounds so expensive
lol hahhaha please we need more short shorts :) we going to squeeze this MOFO so he has no hair left
Someone sold that exact amount too
gimme 1
[removed]
may i pleas have 1 gap down for apple tm pls i am a bull but at some point i have to inverse myself to make money so i bought puts
For the love of god please just google some of these questions.

iS iT hAlF dAy ToMoRrOw

Side note - AAPL to the moon
IBM
I didn’t think it was possible to be fucked as hard as FUBO is fucking me.

I’m down 45% just on shares alone.
It’s got AI, all the dd you need. We just need Motley Fool to write an article why this will be the next LMND. then all the boomers will send this to the moon 🚀
We are the 10%

GME GANG GANG 🚀
My wife has a higher credit score than me by 3 points and won’t stop harassing me. Puts on my life.
I don't know what the fuck $BILI is but I got 3k in this bitch and its ridin
How retarded is TSLA 770C 1/22?
Ban
I sold mine for 55 Feb at ~4.00, keep thinking of buying it back but it looks like that at ~$2 is still the best one imo.
Man fuck, me too
You see the method
Home Depot.

Good dividend, Amazon resistant, has growth potential. 

Most importantly isn't a God damned meme.
Quick DD. NIO has job listings for Norway on LinkedIn. Huge buy orders were placed EOD. Get on while you still can.
Hmm I guess the lightning bolt kinda looks like a lazr.

But no
True retardation
Honestly my portfolio is like 50% SPACs 50% PLTR.

I don't see any downside
Every $1,000 on margin drops your credit score 10 points
Never done it before because Im doing fine without it and I know what would happen if I tried using it.. I’m actually asking though could it affect your credit score?
I lost that yesterday 🥳 and 500 today we are 👑
Short report, profit taking, etc. 

It's an OTT service and it got pumped.
Currently long OSTK PLTR and FUBO. Rate my garbage pile.
**adult grogu**
Yeah I was trying to open a calendar and didn’t let me cause the underlying is a “hard to borrow” stock. Thanks
!remind me 17 days
SPY 360$ Jan15 puts
**ICLN** 'ed your wife's front butt 🍑
Yarp
BAC
Huh I made $37.96 weird
PTY (closed end fund, 9% dividend)
Lol hoping for the best for you. I’m long on GME
thcb
MSFT
COST
AAPL

Take your pick
Jacked to the tits and reporting in. #fucktheshorts

https://i.imgur.com/2HTds84.jpg
There is a 53 minute delay fetching comments.

I will be messaging you in 30 days on [**2021-01-29 21:38:03 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2021-01-29%2021:38:03%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://np.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/k853fe/why_your_next_stock_purchase_better_be_hyln/ghjg2is/?context=3)

[**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fk853fe%2Fwhy_your_next_stock_purchase_better_be_hyln%2Fghjg2is%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202021-01-29%2021%3A38%3A03%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%20k853fe)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|
I didn’t think it was possible to be fucked as hard as FUBO is fucking me. 

I’m down 45% just on shares alone.
I honestly deserve to have these DASH calls shoved up my ass. Shame on me for being bullish on such a shit fucking company.
Buy high sell low I see :))
No till 2

EDIT: 
 
Stock market is open tomorrow full day.
PLTR has become boring now. I want to diversify by getting a mining rig. Point me to the correct sub guys.
HUUGGE UPDATE, PRICE TARGET!!!
fuck mrna i bought that garbage in march bcuz my friend who was doing cyber security at the time said they were working on a vacine so i bought some and bag held a loss for weeks and dumped it at a small loss. it was trading for around $27 no regrets
So it may live again on the third day
Go ask r/investing.
So use the margin to buy calls?
I know I shouldn’t, but I wanna buy MP tomorrow 🤡🤡🤡
Don't do it, they'll get called away
*I have never seen a more compelling short than FUBO*

-CNBC Fast Money Guest
Come on baba need 240
Yes, how can I turn $600 into $2000 before EOD tomorrow - puts on US Treasuries?
Chicken
good to be sure. thanks. do you think there will be a rug pull in the next month?
Not anymore! 🗡😵🩸💀
Papa Musk would be proud of this. We must get him in here to show him our tendies. 2021 will be the year of tendies TSLA 🚀🚀🚀🚀
No.
Fuck maybe I Am retarded
To the guy who trolled my options call on MSOS for a potential Dem upset in Georgia: fuck you, I’m up 12% and climbing little bitch
You have a point.
If I could pick a flair it would say “has nice cock and drives an M4”
I can't tell if you're joking or not. This sounds just like two plays, what's advantage of margin for SPAC?
[removed]
I shudder to think what my account will look like TMO after all this GME doom and gloom
JNJ
govt stimulus
Nah I was thinking long term puts
Note sure where 85 P/E is coming from. The biggest factor for this company will be the growth in the gaming and creator segment. This is the fastest growing segment and where the market is growing in general. This segment carries a much higher gross margin which will results in earnings growing at a faster % than revenue. This can give a big boost to the bottom line and the EPS. The EPS estimate for Q4 is at 0.41. They hit 0.43 in Q3. Given Q4 is already a busier time (Black Friday and Xmas), it's setting up for a big beat. Forward guidance however (FY2021), will play a big role in how the stock price reacts but given the streaming market is growing, it bodes well for Corsair. Also, it looks like their products under this segment sell fairly quickly with some out of stock during Xmas. This helps support that demand will continue into Q1 2021 as customers will look to purchase when restocked. 

Side note, those analyst estimates at $24 I believe were before Q3 earnings and updated guidance from Corsair. These estimates should be due for upgrades.
I can’t wait to see him bankrupted
Oh full day market tomorrow eh?
Wayyy cheaper to be a lightweight. More money for FDs
Why FUBO die?
Way to finish the year strong
half day tomorrow
Yeah but my Credit Union won’t deposit it until Monday😩
😂😂😂😂😂
BMO
I have read that dividend stocks are terrible because of constant tax events
Crazy to think how much more money I could of made this year if I wasn’t a donkey
My 220C Jan 15 needs it
Been all in since August.  As time passes I become more in than all in.
old af
[deleted]
Are you being sarcastic haha?
the wsb way
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/thetrollfromabove the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
How long did it take Roku to do that?
Robinhood is such a bitch for not getting tax documents out until February. I want that stimulus rebate tax credit ASAP
buy high sell higher strongly dominates other strats
Same reason nobody talks about Tesla’s

*market only goes up*
Why do I always sell TSLA early? I always think the price will drop like a rock then I just end up losing money. Then I buy in high and it drops and I lose money. Just can't win
Lol never gamble on the government coming through for you
The background for the dude on CNBC is annoying
All hail the king
Bc In @ 26 rode to 29 didn’t sell back down to 25 was already down on others. Idk fear greed basic human psych.

Edit. Cuz ima tardy pants ninny muggins & no one shares this info w me
CNBC guy hella slamming FUBO - *not a good business*
Goddamn. I hope to have positions like yours one day. Thanks though, I’m going to look more into it tonight and possibly enter tomorrow if I can sack up.
LAZR to 40 tmrw would be nice
LMAO FUBO
🙋‍♂️🙋‍♂️
**I am a bot. Is this submission violating the [content guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/contentguide)? Vote below.**

| **Remove It** | **Keep It** |
|--------|:-------|-------:|:------:|
| [Click to Vote](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=knc76e&message=spam) | [Click to Vote](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=knc76e&message=approve)|

[Click Here to Change Inaccurate Post Flair](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=postflair%20CHANGEME&message=knc76e)
___
 ^comment ^will ^disappear ^--- ^23 ^shitposts ^removed ^since ^last ^crash ^--- ^[information](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/votebot) ^--- ^[leaderboard](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/leaderboard) ^--- ^[REWARDS](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/votebot_commands)
I’m gonna find out this month when I look at my FICO
Doesn’t it close at 1 tomorrow?
yes but by the time you get to buy puts, market prices in the drop
Why do people intentionally throw away money? 💰💰
Come visit in July when its 117 and we keep our houses in the low 80s.  Our crappy weather just comes at a different time of year.
Dumb ass.
whats ur favorite long term dividend stock
Lazr
A phone is a requirement in today’s world - most people are buying one yearly though
Just fear mongering or paper hands. They can't be helped
[deleted]
Shh bby. You are just angry because of impending death from covid. Let it go you lived a good life
Boomers who make 5% annually will tell u this is a horrible idea JUST because it doesn’t follow their doctrine of “diversification”.

Buy PSTH, hold for a few months, instant profit.
Only negative I can think of is it sits FLAT for 6+ months and you lose the opportunity cost of investing elsewhere.
[deleted]
Motherfucker out here celebrating making less than Anne Frank's allowance wtf
Guhhh bad flashbacks
nuh uh
Math checks out. $69.69 or bust...a nut

$420.69 checks out as well. REEEEEEEEEE!
Pls don't lose my inheritance grandpa
[deleted]
Big money moving in before it rockets
Y’all think if trading on Margin affects your credit score?
bc pe is for boomers
You didn't lose until you sold the shares and your house.
[deleted]
Cross posting to the personal finance subreddits
Hot an ice burg
Present
Some quality porn right here 🥵
Tried to buy a penguin online once and it ended up not being real.
How did you know /u/OPINION_IS_UNPOPULAR is female?
Now I know where my stimi is going...
I honestly feel like GME is one of the few smart trade ideas I’ve seen in this sub
can someone explain to me how this works
never gets old
This is the way. Wow. Slow clap for this man.
Any recommendation on selling CC for CRSR? At least 55 strike
$67.89 here. Please pass the questions to me.
I can't even use one of those clipper jets without wanting to puke. He's clearly not even doing dabs so Idk what in the zoomer pothead fuck is going on
$RKT is forming a beautiful ascending triangle all while maintaining an inverse head and shoulders while being vastly undervalued with 36 percent short interest. Idk when, but at some point $RKT finna fuck. And fuck hard.
Buy more SQ!
Don’t short Tesla.
uhh why did you sell it before the big catalyst live demo and Karp's big interview on WSP on Jan 7...i don't see its dropping hard either...probably trade side way 24-27 range.
Idk where the minimum wage is $35 an hour with benefits but ok
Damn feels bad man... But hey profit is profit u know... And at least by didn't buy at the top lol
Easy come, easy go.
The Tesla supercharger network is their MOAT

As a Model 3 owner, I couldn't imagine owning any other EV and be dependent on any other high speed charging network. 

I live in in the northeast, not exactly bumblefuck.
Why does nobody ever talk about how high SQ's p/e is?
I love vacations
You're better off buying LOGI instead of HEAR.
Am I on the forecast in Florida sub Reddit or Wall Street bets?  Positions or gtfo
[deleted]
You may be right
You can yolo it on BYND and tell your kids you lost your tendies on a beyond portfolio.
It’s gonna be beautiful when it breaks out
Math is solid. Source: Asian
https://mobile.twitter.com/Ian_Thibodeau/status/1196993418473484288

That's a journalist quoting the President of Ford on numbers. And it's pretty easy to sell out 50k cars. That doesnt simply they're producing a lot of them; just the opposite.  

 Maybe you're right about the Explorer, Mach E doesnt look much like a muscle car. Although it also doesnt look as big as an Explorer, and all electric vehicles have a crazy fun acceleration.

Rivian doesn't appear to be a battery maker, and the Fird deal is canceled. https://www.theverge.com/2020/4/28/21240212/ford-lincoln-cancel-rivian-suv-ev-coronavirus-pandemic-investment

Lg chem looks to be their main supplier, which means they are constrained by, as I said before, the lack of battery factories. 

https://fortune.com/2020/07/21/ford-vw-electric-vehicles-south-korea-battery-dispute/
Six way parlays ✔️
That sounds like just selling the calls but with an extra step.
Yeah sell everything at 12:55
Down. Then up. See how that works?
Lost 1400 today any questions?
It hit exactly 20.00 today so you might be lucky
I think the trick is that it drives _not only_ down hills.
kinda wishing i sold when these idiots pumped the premiums to nearly double from the week before.
Wrf?? All in
You belong here
It's more complicated then that though, who gives a shit if someone risks $250 for a 5 bagger? Not me. Now if someone risk 150k in a 5 bagger play that's far more impressive.
Does 82% count as all in? We out here.
May rocket after earnings
No I mean that & 50 1/21
OP flying at warp speed on a cruise missile right into the year 2014.
chilis but they serve chili at chilis?
3/19 31c riding the rocket ship into the worm farm with everyone else.
Yeah me too. Apple might be a safer bet. Not sure tho
I always say XYZ, examine your zipper.
Because this is WSB, where 1.3% of people actually know what they're saying
That's heavy...
Where is tanker gang at?
WISH has been the shittiest IPO lmao
Our time will come (I hope) lol
I’m disabled and don’t know how
Bro go to TD I sneezed and they gave me an options account
here i googled it for you

"no."
No. Jack a lot already unloaded.
i like to buy high and sell low
Thank fucking god, was getting tired of seeing these lunch money figures on loss/gain posts
[removed]
Moscow Mitch just blocked it from being voted on again smh
China's ministry of industry and information technology (MIIT) said the country's steel industry must reduce its crude steel output in 2021

Seems like 👍 news
Anyone get their $600?

I'm worried because I instant deposited $1200 in anticipation of doubling my 600 but my 600 hasn't come yet.
Stop you're giving me more ideas for retarded memes
That was I I have like 5 shares so wanted to buy in at a lower price to better prepare me for the squeeze to come.
It’s going to be in the 80s the rest of the week here in Florida. Crazy
Yo. Why didn’t I think of this
First time I've ever seen it in my area
Literally me this afternoon with GME
[deleted]
Is tomorrow a half day?
Closed tomorrow
you mean NIO $50 1/7
Not happening
Buying the dip tomorrow
2/19 25c 🚀🚀🚀
The market isnt a casino you fuckin dolt its an ATM. YOU are supposed to be a casino. 

Most traders fail because 

1. it is an industry that gamblers are attracted to so a big percentage are just degenerate gamblers

2. it takes work to actually read the market correctly and no one treats it like a business. 

3. they dont stick with a strat long enough so at the first sign of trouble they are looking for "another indicator" or whatever. 

4. they dont review trades. 

5. they are delusional about their objectiveness and in general.

6. they dont understand probabilities. 


Doing/not doing those alone puts you in the top 10%. 

You dont have to be a perfect trader to make money, just a good one. You can win 40% of the time, and make money.


ETA: These publications that like to cite the study are appealing to the masses from not ruining their lives because most wont do half of the shit i laid out.
If I don’t buy “expensive” sunglasses I end up spending 200 bucks a year losing shitty ones anyways.
what is this??
Shouldn't we buy puts on any company getting kicked out of the S&P?
Both apparently.
Last stimulus check I yolod on bed bath and beyond and lost it. Thinking about round 2
Yes! Took profits at open yesterday :) next yolo coming tomorrow
Exactly why I stayed away. I'm still watching 100 shares of HYLN bleed away
I made $37.95 today. Any questions ?
Let’s ruin these big shorts books for the end of the year!!!
if its lasership it will be 2 mins away from you forever and then the package will mysteriously be marked as delivered
Meanwhile fucking mouse I ordered 12/13 from Ebay is in transit with USPS probably for another two weeks.  Fuck those assholes.
They're convinced a short squeeze is going to happen and/or Cohen is going to take over the company and turn it into the Amazon of gaming (like Amazon doesn't already sell games, lol).
Who’s handing out passes? Mormons do not recognize polygamists as members of their church and haven’t for over 100 years..
Idk but I sold yesterday & regret it

Edit: pltr 99 6/22
Don’t sweat it, Rome wasn’t built in a day. Stay strong and don’t be a paper handed retard. Q4 earnings are right around the corner and they will be juicy.
Imagine if Palantir was a .02 cent penny stock with an average of 50/60 million trades a day. Then imagine a group like WSB—it makes sense. 

Palantir will rise—current winners are those that bought in at $9-$10-$15. Alexander Karp wanted everyone to get a piece. I’ve lost $8K—my strategy forward are ITM calls. 

Palantir is utilizing the strategy of “There’s no such thing as bad publicity.” They’ve been talked about since their direct listing with growing interest since Thanksgiving. 

Take a second & Google: Palantir (then insert any of the following—BP, JP Morgan Chase, Halliburton, Aucerna, Wisconsin hospitals, HHS, FDA, Fiat Chrysler, Merck, Airbus, DOD, Biotech)
How do you get the capitals to gain? I only have capital losses?..
Don’t volunteer excuses for your short Willy bruh
Strongly disagree however, I can see where the confusion lies. What I mean is that Humans thrive on social interaction and leisurely activities are just a way of satisfying that need.
Your mom and sister don't count
oh so its you who bought my calls? congrats retard and see ya
I can’t believe tomorrow is a full trading for the addicts. Half day Saturday’s soon 📈
You’re smarter than I am. Fucks banks though fr
never have a kid with a dumb bitch, or have a kid in general
not gonna happen ... until you sell
First congrats and fuck you! I’ve done pretty well this last month but not that well. 

Second, if you had to bet $10,000 that the options this sub picks are more successful on average than most sport bets what would you pick?
thats right. you lost 500 on gme like a cunt
Sell the extra and use the cash to buy actual puts on TGT
It’s the vortex
Sometimes downhill. I saw it happen
Dip buying opp
Been this way for years. Perhaps you're retarded?
Fair enough. I’m just saying if we’re being smart about it you need a million dollars just to live safely off $40k per year. And I doubt OP wants to live the rest of his life on $40k per year, so I’m saying if he’s young and he wants to quit his job, he’s going to need several million dollars. Who wants to be young and quit their job and brag to people they don’t work, but they have to live with roommates to do it?
I try to invest in stocks that other people aren’t investing in so much and later, when it goes up, I try to sell the stock before they do
Well,  you got a bootyhole, you can sell that. Tax free income babe.
Meritrust Credit Union, fuck banks man.
48.23
Sounds like a plan. Can I borrow some cash to secure these puts with fine sir?
$1 a month is not $4.16 a month.  My reading comprehension >>>> your math.
It’s already pending in your account, you noodle.
So does it taste like guava or mango?
I had a pandemic girlfriend for the first half of covid and we banged all the time. thats the main one. and the past 7 years I didn't have much sex consistently.
I feel like this is a fuckin wild way to be introduced to the stock market...yolo?
I wish I had enough cheddar to buy a $20,000 contract and forget about it.
[deleted]
Didn't know this existed
It sure did! Damn you Timmy Apple!!
Shut the fuck up
I have some cash in VGAC. I figure all I need is a target and the thing will bounce.
Get u/DeepFuckingValue to read this [DD](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kn9ff4/melvin_capital_gme_hobags) thanks gme moon
# ur not my dad
Total shitpost and I've been given my first platinum and gold awards... go buy $GME stonks instead retards!

Thanks though!
Guess nows the time to invest in GME 
🚀🚀🚀🚀
Yea Baby!!!! Enphase ENPH joining the S&P
I just got a message from AMZN that I could check my package delivery on a real-time map.  It's "2 stops away"  Always knew that would happen someday.

AMZN calls for everybody
[deleted]
lol
Bet I won't
Thetagang needs a little bit of spam, else how will we know which strikes to sell to you retards
[deleted]
Well at least I won’t have to worry about capital gains tax
Mixed bag
Damn boys, can we take it easy for a few days? I’m trying to load the truck up at 20.
I still have tomorrow to sell the calls that betrayed me for tax loss purposes, right?
MT calls - Pleas fly again
My fucking god you're either intentionally delusional and criminally misinformed about what words mean, or you're just dumb as fuck. I'm not even going to touch your dog shit because it would take an eternity to explain to you how many ways you got all of those points wrong.

AGAIN: TRUMP AS THE HEAD OF THE COUTNRY IS STILL TRYING TO OVERTURN THE ELECTION THAT HE FAIRLY LOST. THIS IS WHAT A FASCIST TRIES TO DO IN A NON-FASCIST COUNTRY BY IGNORING THE RESULTS OF THE ELECTION AND JUSTICE SYSTEM. HE IS A FASCIST. AMERICA IS NOT A FACIST COUNTRY. TRUMP. IS. A. FASCIST.

EVERYTHING HE DOES AND SAYS AND TRIES TO DO IS THE BEHAVIOR OF A FASCIST, BECAUSE HE IS ONE.

Taking L after fucking L in the court system has no bearing on his own fascistic behavior and words. How do you not fucking *get* this? My GOD man. Wake the fuck up please or just stop replying.
[deleted]
What did they tweet, i don't understand twitter.
Done
Also, EOM
Aren’t they LVMH now?
Haha we may not even have our checks by then
Max out your margin and buy SPACs sitting near NAV with it. 

Then put your cash into TSLA 69420Cs or MU 90Cs
Somebody is forgetting we’re all retarded
I’m drinking chicken noodle soup and edibles because I’m dying from covid
[removed]
NIO 40 1/7
I hope being on vacation and not panic selling works out.
Shares for sure.
Hey do you want my referral code?
how much did you make pussy
FUBO gonna rebound
Have fun being banned for bringing politics into this LMFAOOOOO
Oh great get this shit over with and deposit my $600 you lame fucks
BEARS GET FUCKED
taking off tomm 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
When all the stocks you're in are getting added to the S&P 500.

Vision confirmed.
All praise the Bull God DJT
Sir jack YOLOing back in?
We better hope the guy who bought it is smarter than the one who sold it.
USAA here. No money. They don't care about veterans!
31 is the sweet spot for me
[deleted]
Go ahead. Buy the dip
So suspect...  that’s why I’m doing it.  They did this December 18 and they are going to give it a pump again.  I’m gonna profit this time.  Sell on the pump and load more puts with the profits.  FUCK DASH
Lol I got in at $14 but sold at $15.50 after it was trading sideways for like a month... and then it rocketed to $40 😂
[deleted]
[deleted]
What is this **AMI** retarded you are talking about?
Stop 👏having👏retarded👏positions (This is to myself too).
Blasting past 50 into 2021
Red or green tmr
[removed]
Here ya go bud, spend it wisely
ZM calls it is
are we worried about people selling their winners in Jan for tax deferrals, causing a rug pull?
We get it, you're a liberal

Holy shit, how much attention do you people need

SPY 375c 12/31
Palantir turns that map digital and makes it in a few clicks
This but unironically.
YOU AINT GOT THE ANSWERS SWAY
So you bought puts or sold calls eh?
Last flat day before launch🚀🚀🚀
Always has been. 🌏 👨‍🚀 🔫 🧑‍🚀
The guy is no Matador proven by his Tesla position. He's about to catch the horns where the rainbows shine again. That's some stellar analysis; short the highest shorted stock out there because some young whippersnapper punks on the internet are buying, you don't like them, and you think your shorts are going to keep them off your lawn 🌈🐻

🚀🚀🚀🌝
[removed]
The irony of this comment is great
When you say idiot are you referring to me specifically? I feel attacked
No one here said they are all bad. He is saying it’s all bad NOW. All the good DDs on GME are done besides the occasional update by someone that has been watching it like a hawk.
The majority of the DDs now are just some retard that bought high and is trying to make himself feel better by getting some internet points from a bunch of other retards that also bought high.
They make an electric van with heavy customization features. It drives under own power, not just down hills.
I find it refreshing how much the word retard is being thrown around in this threat. Feels like the 90’s again. I think I have a biology test tomorrow
Senate voting tonight on $2000 stimulus 👀
[deleted]
47
ZM at 580 is worse
Hell yeah
The math checks out.
I’ll sell you 3 in the AM. Better be on @630...
Kinda is but I got in on PIC at 15 and... U know 💎👐
Puts on folding tables (edit: wow they finally cracked down on that lol).
how would they fuck us in jan?
They fear us now. Seeing the tendies we have amassed. We’re the herders and they are the sheep that follow us now. TSLA 🚀🚀
What bank?
You can contribute on the first day of 2021
Who’s got TSLA calls for tomorrow?
Rainbow 6 is good, Warzone,  Apex legends, Doom 2016, Doom Eternal,
Doesn’t canopy also use WEED?
Chili's of course duh
But here’s $600 lol
I do this with sports betting. I always bet my rival school so even when I lose..I actually win ;)
You tell us, it happened to you.
1/2 time in 2020, 0 from 2013-2019 ?
So why are people saying GME shorts will push the price down tomorrow to reduce their losses for the year?
Dude they are getting acquired by LVMH. There’s a reason they are getting kicked out. They won’t exist soon as a ticker.
Large trades intraday happen on the dark pool and they don't get reported until close.

https://www.investopedia.com/articles/markets/050614/introduction-dark-pools.asp
That's bullish if anything they're just throwing shit at you
I made 300% this year. Get ready McDonald’s I’m about to buy 1 of everything on the dollar menu!
[removed]
1. You need to apply for a margin account, so you should know if you have margin.

2. In a margin account you should be able to specify whether individual trades should be done in margin, or using your available cash.

3. Some brokers like Robin Hood and Fidelity default your trades to margin and you need to specify trades should be made in cash
It's said Feb 11 on marketbeat
I for one feel personally attacked.

- SPY Puts
After reading Zero to One, I just bought shares of PLTR and it’s a long term hold for me. People should stop buying options on it and just get shares
GME $7 by march
Not announced, probably mid feb
Sup bro
wow dude $900 do you want a fucking cookie? Fucking pussy go brag to some poor kids in Ethiopia, not a bunch of millionaires on Wall Street bets
Explain
I didnt do the math, and really only looked at the big letters, but this was my thought buying the highs and the dip today.
in Feb
Government wants their tax dues.
I got the 2 just to see what it does. I haven’t found a solid dd that doesn’t rely on “burry has it”
I already did pay off the loan and now i write puts and may buy back into tsla calls. Im more smarter than i am 6-8 months ago
I cashed out all my tsla calls thursday brfore s&p inclusion sure i couldve waited but as the old saying goes no body ever went broke taking profit
If XL drops under 21 I might buy... but for now it seems like a big meme
i like it, where can i make thsi bet? I'd put 100 on it.
$69
Yeah, GME. 

Regarding Disney, it will not be a surprise to the market that park attendance will be low. Everyone knows that already, and guidance anticipated the virus would not be cured by the end of the quarter and there would be losses. Losses do not mean a stock will go down, only unexpected losses do. 

The market isn’t looking at it as “streaming plus reduced park revenue”. The market is looking at it as Disney is about to unleash the full power of their insanely valuable catalog, which results in earnings multiples expansion, and on top of that heading into a v shaped economy recovery and park attendance skyrocketing in the end of 2021. Markets are forward looking. 

If you want my honest advice when I’m not just shooting off at the mouth to be a flippant asshole, why not short shitty companies instead? Even if I’m only partially correct, why play the game on hard mode? There are easier ways to make money than trying to short Disney. That’s just asking for trouble.
[deleted]
[removed]
Yw, still holding shares tho.
Sweet, I’m ok with that haha
🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀tomorrow!!!
!remindme 2 weeks 

i’ll remind you so you can post your position
buy and dont look
Alrighty boys back into FUBO. No way it can go any lower.
Depends how much money you’ve put in...
🤑🤑🤑
[deleted]
WMT is fuk
Either a bad link or it was deleted.
Bears for sure, it’s been scientifically proven stonks only go up
The sell orders I put in didn’t fill.
Tesla - so that you can lure a potential mate

Humans don’t need leisure bud, the dumb ones think they do
Welcome aboard the tendie train, although you’re prob be negative for a bit since it’s been trading a lil flat past few days
We are just worried about the original Rona.  These new variants won't bring back bears.
Also EOW
Feb 15
[removed]
Does BRK.B not move with A? I know the price per share is way different, but they should move together, right?
they canceling walmart? lol
It's good to know I'm not the only bagholder in this muddafucka
**QQQJ** will rebound ^(or maybe skate sideways) *^(or maybe down idk fuck you buy it)*
Even better $GILD down from the last 7 years + a real comp generating money
Feb 11, 2021
Puts on that bitch Tiffany getting kicked out of Standard & Poors
Any thoughts on requiring X amount of karma or Reddit age or something, to help decrease all the spam?
Stop responding to people asking for WeBull/Robinhood referrals you idiots. They're baiting you into getting banned.
Who the fuck subscribes to pornhub? Create a profile, yeah, it helps the algorithm and if you get into a really cool relationship you can follow each other and track your kinks.
I’m getting fucked right now
Had to dumb it down for my other autists out here 🤥
A frosty and small fry
Anyone in Pinduoduo or Bilibili?
I have ally bank and it's not shown as pending yet
Dude I’d be happy with a 10k profit. I’ve got 54k worth of calls, down to 46k value now. I’d be ecstatic to come out with 8-10k in next couple months.
Then go cash gang
Did this last year after reading a $GE DD post.  Fool me once.....we can’t get fooled again.
[removed]
That was today
$600 is plenty of money if you only live one more week.
everybody hype off enphase i just made 900 from nano today xD
well done and this is from 1 well purchased contract
Maybe restoring https://redd.it/knaoak
🚀😎
Fuck that's savage
Seattle baby
I have had mine for about 5 years now and they feel just as good has the day I bought them. Quality product imo.
how can 0 be more than 0?
People really out here comparing XL to HYLN.... Like you realize XL has produced almost 4,200 trucks in total and has the XL grid to work in it's favor while HYLN is a startup which has never been profitable and has only produced like what, 20 trucks?????
Fubo calls too, eh?
400k subscribers? its worth $5.

&#x200B;

if youre keeing tabs on remindme, thien its only worht more if they pivotaway from TV+sportsbetting.

the only way it goes higher in 2021 is if all the states (CA esp) legalize sports beting online and fubo is first to get alicnese. outsie a pivot or this, nothing brings this up, there are not 50% growth in subs every other quarter for these ugys, so where is the $$ going to come from?

they been around since 2015? and only have 400k subs? come on, its worse than a YT channel begging for subs
Ford needs a decent fast charging network. People won’t buy if they can’t get a quick charge and not have range anxiety.
YO I AM SCARED THEYRE GONNA FUCK US IN JANUARY
It should already be getting there if you have any bank that's not Wells Fargo, Bank of America, Capital One
Right that’s why I started the post off saying “it’s the end of 2021” I think the next 12 months are going to be rough I’m looking beyond that in reference to this post
[deleted]
ENPH S&P inclusion
[removed]
Literally can't go tits up
From giving out awards? Lol
good luck!
Cramer?
Jan 4th, mines pending in my account but won’t post til Jan 4th.
$0
Super great
[deleted]
>because it traded under $5 most of the year?
WSB people really into mining and metals cos
🤣🤣🤣
Ahh, it was hard to read the prospectus in the 30 seconds between me receiving it and it being on fire.  Good to know.
With that kind of volume there is no way they can make any good margins.
For the gain/loss to be realized this year
BREAKING NEWS: Walmart loses .00001% of their revenue due to the tweet they tweeted https://twitter.com/whats\_a\_vhs/status/1344378973376176147?s=20
Can't his broker simply give him the 5 Tesla shares instead of that over 300k? Serious question.
That's my thoughts. They probably aren't going to go through the work of very small covert covering, and any real covering will be obvious. Like what was it.. last week when Cohen bought in the 16's. We all seen something was clearly up and someone was buying or covering. Few days later, Cohen says "Hey guys, yeah, it was me, sup"
[deleted]
[deleted]
ICLN / TAN GANG FEASTING
because it's near ATH and we're due for a retrace
Skyrim, Witcher 3, Cities Skylines, Doom (both of the new ones), Railroad Tycoon 2, the most recent Splinter Cell, Cyberpunk, Destiny 2, RDR2, the latest Deus Ex, Valhalla, Squadrons, Horizon Zero Dawn...just to name a few depending on your tastes.
Fair lol.  Meh.  I might be wrong but the market is too risky and overvalued for me to buy options on most companies, I think this has tons of upward potential, and all else fails, if they reinstate the dividend, I make 10% a year for life on 25k assuming I dont sell.

Also, there's tons of reasons for it to double and basically 0 that it will go down much more.
the orange man will reemerge when you least expect it.
Who buys shit other than stonks
Correct me I'm wrong but isn't GameStop a brick and mortar videos game store? That's like investing in blockbuster in 2010. But I've been know to be wrong before I guess.
I’m saying they told us *THIS* was a casino but it’s actually **worse**
So I ordered a single Rift S for myself and 2 showed up....puts on target they out here giving merchandise away.
My coworkers seem to like it, although they only talked about the single player. The install size on PC is almost 200 GBs though.
Could have been tasty put
Shit game only play it to level up guns for warzone tbh

Still long NERD tho
Yep, still plenty of time.  Maybe not the 10 bagger that wsb wants tho
Even if the trade works out, unironically mentioning GME is the dumbest shit ive seen on here yet.
When is exactly PLTR Q4 earning???
Eskimo brothers
bills mafia
[removed]
Don't think they'll go up. Dems not gonna win, so I'm not playing EV or weed. GOP is better for stonks anywa
Lol these claims are complete bullshit
tom
volatility train here. bout to be a bouncy 2 weeks.
Diamond hands bro. Amazing you didn’t unload. What’s your reasoning for not unloading.
Vicious cycle
Nobody tell him

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
NOT SOON ENOUGH 🤡
Green is winning.
Holy shit that is hilarious
I’m a bit confused because I’m new to reading and this subreddit. Is there actually faith in the GME stock or has it become a laughable meme? I know Cohen bought it and the earnings look good, but I’m just wondering.
There’s no satire?! Da fuq?
Ill buy you one when i hit a 100 bagger
They expect significant remuneration, you know

www.bbc.com/news/technology-50828386
Biggest clown?

Bears or FUBO 62 average shareholders
Two of mine
Ok that’s not happening soon
We are allergic to long positions in this sub though. No for real though you’re right. I bought shares at ipo. I know it will take time but I’ll ride this bitch to the moon eventually
I got calls for end of January, that live demo day is gonna 🚀🚀🚀🚀
[deleted]
0 x 0 = 0?
Fidelity wouldn’t give me options at all. Also declined a buddy of mine who works as a financial advisor. So we both moved to E*TRADE
I fucking hope so
What's the deal with XRP? Not following the news on this...
[deleted]
double down on it
Except travel industry already discarded 2021 and are looking towards 2022 for growth
[deleted]
[deleted]
The point is that he didn’t explicitly called the Nazis fine people. He even condemned them later on during the session. [Link](https://eu.usatoday.com/story/news/factcheck/2020/10/17/fact-check-trump-quote-very-fine-people-charlottesville/5943239002/). So I don’t get how people paint that as support for Nazis? Likewise it would mean he’d support the counter protesters.

1) Liberal democracy is the political system the USA has and no specific left or right wing issue there. Feel free to link me a quote by Trump in which he rejects the constitution which is the basis of the US system 
2) Totalitarianism is a feature of fascism so obviously it is not the same
3) It is far from perfect as it misses the key features of fascism as I pointed out in my earlier reply. As Trump doesn’t meet those criteria he cannot be a fascist. It is the same bs when conservatives in the US call social democracy in Europe socialism just because both ideologies share some common features even though they are completely opposed to each other in key issues 
4) He tries it through the court system which is literally the opposite of fascism which favors violence. It is their job to ultimately decide whether the US elections were fair or not if someone like Trump has objections and we know how it has been going for him
Sounds like your data plan is shit
Today was the last day to cover short positions?
yo. this is a brutal comment omg.
Imma go with Buffalo bills afc champions
it works until it don't, can wipe out that 6 months of work in one day
Where NIO gonna be at tomorrow tho
Stock Market is Republican proof
Buy high sell low baby
How soon is my stimmy check gonna show?
Lol, I’ve made over 50k in 4 months from the dying game reseller and lost over 2k in sports bets. Might just be my bias.
Time for a second split.
If you put more in it’ll bounce back 🚀🚀
My portfolio says otherwise sir
Your math doesn't check out.
Nah
[deleted]
Nah, I'm still riding 1/8 $30's into the fucking ground right along with you.
Counterpoint:  They’re still making more than your average Karen selling something from a pyramid scheme.
So like EV stocks go down? Or no? They just don’t move up?
i got laid more this year than the past 7 years combined
So you’re saying there’s a chance?
I love this whole exchange. Have upvotes in lieu of awards for obvious reasons.
No I’m expecting a decline after, which is why I’m waiting for after to buy in. J&J announces their vaccine next month too so waiting after OPEC and before the vaccine seems ideal
I 👏🏼have👏🏼lost👏🏼9👏🏼thousand👏🏼dollars👏🏼in👏🏼3👏🏼days
aapl got ya with the pumpfake
Zing!
200 is cheap. I need a pair and was at mall looking today. Persols cost $370. My mom just got a pair for $550
Da fuck is this blurry attempt at a meme 🧐
What y’all think about Carvana calls tomorrow?  I gots a tingly feeling...
Gimme that sweet 100
Nah
Nice. You think I’ll be able to make profit on mine?
to the moon 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀 holding jan 29 26c
Not sure.  Thinking of psth but unsure of how warrants work and all that.  I know you're supposed to buy shares in multiples of 9 but this aspect is new to me.
Oof, first graphics card could mean a lot of things. 

But the idea of a discrete graphics card (ISA bus) is at least 80s, probably earlier. Which means, 40-50 year old in 1980 = 80-90 year old today.
Neither
Apple after hours like why not keep the party going FUCKKKK
Nah Chiefs won’t even make it to the Super Bowl.
Confirmed as WEED.
Mithril???
no one goes to gamestop

robinhood is the usps of brokers. they are slow and unreliable but cheap as fuck compared to the alternative
I never “sell”. Hold to expiry is more like it.
The answer is GME.
Food ❌

Rent ❌

Bills ❌

Healthcare ❌

Yolo FDs ✔️
FINRA updates twice monthly, and S3 Partners and Ortex both have algorithms scraping trade data to estimate the daily SI. Suffice it to say, on net there has not been covering.
[removed]
Fucking nice man
That’s what she said.
FUCK YES!!!
Chilly here today as only mid 60s.  Winter jacket (hoodie) weather.
$215 SQ calls sold at today’s top
There's an awesome pho restaurant in the Portland airport.
CLF 13.5 weekly

CLF 14.5c ICLN 29c SPY 372p expiring 2/19 

If CLF drops below 13.5 - excellent entry point. Made 70% on this since Monday and sold today cuz fuck it
You can trade with kromosomes?
Ive watched reviews and read a good amount about it, and it doesn't do anything that Tesla doesn't do really, but that doesn't matter.   It's more that Ford is the first traditional car maker to market with a competitive EV thats not made as a regulation EV credit burner.  

Ive also owned several mustangs, and people give Ford tons of Flak, but thats not a Ford thing, literally all cars, especially gasoline cars just suck and break down.  My mom drives a Nissan rogue, the first one was a straight up lemon.  The second she bought the autopilot was broke day 1.  They called them to fix it, and they said literally all autopilots for the car broke but its not safety hazard so they dont have to recall.  

My 98 mustang has 300k miles on it.  My 05 mustang has 200k miles on it lol.  Sure the AC is broken in both, but they're 1. Cheap 2. Cheap to fix. 3. More reliable than most other cars.  

Cars break down.  Thats what they do.  Sucks but its true.  EV cars break down 100x less because they have 100x less parts.
Lolll I got the same but bought them in the drop few weeks back.  Up few k.
Pretty sure it's a South Park spinning wheel, with chickens and all
S R A C?
you spent more time waiting for the reply lol.
Dems not gonna win tho
[deleted]
Want the surest way to almost triple your money in the next couple months?

Take that Chiefs +175 Super Bowl line.
My issue with Josh is he's always mega bullish on mega cap techs, to the point he doesn't think any other part of the market matters.

His entire investing theory is literally "past performance predicts future performance".
[deleted]
#ENPHASE TO BE INCLUDED IN S&P. TIFFANY GETTING BOOTED.
jesus
Hey I mean, I’ve got my eyes on F thanks to you. I’m holding off, and may regret it, but I’ve already given Ford too much of my money so imma be cheering y’all on from the sidelines 🤣
Thicc 🐝
Thic or stic?
Why do they keep this perma bear on fast money 🤦‍♂️
Absolutely general shitbrains
And being the ultimate retard that I am that gets handys from my mom (fucking daily), you then sell those calls before the expiration date to collect some “tendies” so you can pay to bang people that aren’t your immediate family right? Like maybe your second cousin or something?
Thx
Somebody bought 87,834 shares AH, papa?
Same, fellow friend-tard. It's Bore-DURRRR
Loaded to the tits with big oil.
Enphase being added to sp500
Very optimistic I like it
It was a single 200c at the time (pre split). I had been trading tsla for a couple of years, and it had dropped from over $300 to under $200/share and I bought this thing, timing ended up being almost perfect. I had traded options for around 18 months, giving yourself time is more valuable than than saving a grand or two with months less until expiration.
Send her over here. A few hrs with my wife’s boy friend and she will be too sore to ask questions
Is this true for all brokers?
hopefully it goes to $10
Nah you're Jesus Son of God
the last day to do that was yesterday due to settling time. today was the last day for short positions.
Tapping into this would be a winning strategy for 2021. Not sure Amazon and Apple and Zoom are where it is.
Thanks.  These are just me trying to play games until April.  I have a Jan 17.5c and April 14c's that I actually plan on exercising
Could be a long term hold.  But I don't see it jumping anywhere like Tesla.  Tesla had youth appeal.  Youth value trends.  And these cars are *very* trendy.  

Fords are not trendy.  They'll be selling less to upscale youth and more to middle age adults.  

That said, I'd take a Ford over a Tesla.  Simply for having the much larger support network.  There are no Tesla dealerships or superchargers nearby.  But there are a couple Ford dealerships local and I see one in every city even large towns have a Ford dealership.

Plus, despite it being a Ford, I suspect the fit and finish will be better.  First year anything is a risk though.
[deleted]
[deleted]
i like it, campaign is surprisingly good if you’re into that, multiplayer isn’t outstanding but still fun
You bet your bottom dollar bucko. $1500 by February
There was a couple months span you would see a retard with a 100k account posting 10k gains. 

Cancer aids. 10% is dog ass..
Are you saying you have like $1mil in PSTH?
Damn you spent 100% of your portfolio on some shades?
[deleted]
Aw shit then he should be a mod here
I just trade to support my pho habit, hbu
SSPK / w e e d m a p s
Wonder what the ticker will change to. $KUSH? $DANK? $BAKE?
S3xy as hell
Time to double up
Time will tell
14.5k gain SQ, PSTH and ARKK
I’ve never gotten a hooker I’m just joking. Not really against it though. I’m so broke right now anyways I have all my money tied up in a rental renovation :/ like 100k+
cmon Citi where the fuck is my stim
Im dumb but why don’t people buy spxl calls for 3x the gains
Imagine dropping $200 on sunnies for a sticker. Smh
Welcome back u/zjz
Here with 19 03/19 🚀🚀🌕🌕
Forward thinking, he Bought them over a year ago
daily reminder his portfolio is like 30% AAPL and he bought SNOW at 80
waste of money , I always lose sunglasses
Yea, it's a dying meme because it didn't moon fast enough. Still a good play
Selling a call is not always bearish. I hate when TDA reports unusually high volume of call sales as if the underlying will move downward by the expiry. Some people just want the high premiums and will swap with another position before expiry.
Great! Bought on the recent dip.
Done
Me and PLTR
Dumped mine at open today, no confidence in the short day tomorrow
Confirmed gay
down 10k this week
<3
What is your strike and exp? I’ve got Jan 2022 $30 leaps, down 8k
Good bot, thanks for reminding me how stupid this 🌈🐻 was
I have no idea man. I’m trying to diamond hand this but it’s becoming ridiculous. I’m debating just buying Bitchcoin with that money at this point
Right now the big margin of safety is 16, and the upside is what? 30? 40? 60? 100?

Those are the kind of risks that you want to take!
Why is that? (Here's what I'll be waiting a long time for, a real answer)
What’s your plan for it?
🚀 x3 million
Change that to 150
Found the 🌈 🐻
There are people here buying fomo’s on a dying video game reseller and a data analytics company they know nothing about..... my odds tonight are far closer to 50/50 than half the moves on this sub.
I'll keep this in mind next time I touch myself
Ah man, you losing money; shit dont bother me, you 🤡 🤷‍♂️
feb earnings will suck, but wouldn't be too sure how much wall street cares. if streaming numbers blow out, then they might not care and stock goes up. careful is all. DIS is a dangerous one to short on this premise.
Not yet
Honestly I took out 2k for black Friday spending lol
BABA
RIOT was up 9%... weird
Dropped a lot on THCB today...let's see if next gen EV batteries get some love again after the steep sell off...also, keeping an eye for DA 🐝🐝🐝
American freedom
Thank you for your purchase
[deleted]
Nah, Cramer all right.  He’s random, which is how you make money.
[removed]
[deleted]
Limit sell at 50
Positions?
[deleted]
Hopefully not until Monday when can use my 2021 Roth money to pick up some.
Not getting margin called on an atrocious day
*335
TSLA is going back to 1000 soon isn’t it lol
Wow. How?
$MT :(
[deleted]
Damn son, snowed 6 inches already today - that's more than some of y'all penises
Imagine being the person who has to write headlines for why the DOW/NASDAQ/S&P moved at the end of every day knowing that nothing matters and stonks do what they want for no reason.
Nah thats only 10% of my portfolio.
How sway how
I got leaps!
That was yesterday lol
FUBO got attacked by another short, I'm now convinced it's going to $100.

But I have no idea when, so I got out at $40 for a bigley loss 😅
I agree with the other commenter. I will take the discomfort of the cold over the stench and humidity of the heat.
Where did it say in any of the articles they were selling stock to fund that purchase? They just said they were buying those miners, not selling stock to buy them.
My brother I had Feb 30$ and 35$c that I bought Monday, after what happened yesterday I was able to roll out my options to 4/16 23$c and 25$cs.

&#x200B;

I think you should do the same so you wont get theta crushed + have Q4 to play with and not get uber fucked incase nothing happens with the short etc.

&#x200B;

Good luck
Ali-baba
You mean the opposite in a year where most stocks are up.
Should start seeing a run up with tax loss harvesting over, stimulus hitting bank accounts and er run up
The haircut i deserve
[deleted]
The best strategy award of 2020 goes to...

*opens envelope\**

"Buy high, sell higher."

*applause & cheers\**
[removed]
Will DIS be a long term powerhouse - 1000%. Will Feb earnings take a hit with losses from another full quarter of reduced park, has to. Increase in Streaming + Reduced park revenue doesn't justify 30% YoY growth. The numbers don't add up. 

What shit company are you referring to? GME?
What sound do sheep make?
Let me guess....NGA?
No you
Brother husbands.
[removed]
[removed]
You’ll be diamond holding those a long fucking time
If you failed to please the other person do you owe money?
Some of them. Some of them are on their own platform and some are free
No
🤣😂🤣😂🤣❤🚀🚀🌭
Yes
What's your reasoning/source?
Made cool 2.5K today. What are your wins today?
You’ll be fine. Tesala mooning from now till Tuesday
$TSLA 770C 1/22

📈🤞🏼😎🤞🏼
Thank God I lost 75% of my portfolio this week. Now I don’t need to pay any taxes
I’m here
Xpeng beat them too it.
FD’s are smarter than most sports betting
[removed]
PSTH
Trade shares for a little bro
[removed]
❤ 🏝
what noise does a sheep make? 

Baaa Baaa
Think I’m the only one here still with PLTR calls
Yes that does happen. Same for stocks that have been down for the year going further down as people tax loss harvest before Jan 1. 

That doesn’t mean there will be a pullback though. Unlike with the tax loss harvesting, not everybody feels the need to sell winners on Jan 1. Only if they actually need the money for something. Otherwise they are likely to hold.
I think I’m at the point in life where I need to smoke toad/snake venom so I can die and come back to life
TSLA is like watching a kid get a Porsche for getting all Cs. They're just barely profitable, just making delivery expectations, and the stock goes up 100
Not the Vienna sausage!?!?
More than a year left? Beast.... LOL
[removed]
Wtf
They didn't get anything they wanted in that bill. Other than a measly $600. No aid for states or cities. And all that foreign money was in the Trump proposed budget.
Bruh that's JPow himself buying Palantir for the US Gov because he heard about some window licking retard (that's me) who bought a shit-ton of 47c expiring next week
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** TSLA 690 🚀🚀🚀

**URL:** https://redd.it/knaoak
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=knaoak) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/TSLAtoINFINITY, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
jsmerrill95
360NoScopeDropShot69
Teabaginator
bere_11
OverpricedBagel
NerfIcebowSpellcycl
I got some vxx expiring January 8th
Oooooooo shit son.  Stimulus is pending in my bank account
What...did u even watch either of those fights
Sleeping on energy bro. 

GOP Win: Bullish for fossils

Dem Win: Bullish for clean
Companies will probably be selling stock for tax purposes tomorrow.  Pretty likely a lot of stuff will be down.
No, I don't see any of the PLTR positions, why even post a link about PLTR loss and not provide a pic
Interesting. May pick some up.
Robinhood is the GameStop of stock brokers. No one likes them but you still go to them.
This year was generally not good for gay bears anytime past April
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
[deleted]
use the OC flair if you made this
Are these all on steam?
it actually is, i am a construction worker in a high cost of living area, so i make too much to get the stimmy but am def not a high roller
BFT?
Que? 🤨
I'm not sure consoles alone can save them when digital delivery has exploded during the pandemic.
Preach
I bet $100 on Tennessee to cover tonight vs Missouri. That will cover my loses from my aapl calls and lazr puts....
I certainly count on you captain fucktard
Ditto.  I sold half of mine that were already down 75% from beginning of Dec right after it bought Slack.

Keeping the other half because FOMO is real lol
[removed]
I bought 5 shares so that I can have a ticket to the meme show

I almost got an interview at PLTR some years ago, they never got back to me. Dumb shits don't know I'm making bank on that Amazon Stock
I just stick to the regular qqq
It’s a meme account bud
Hahaha youre funny
I was thinking how a order of that size didn't move the price. But it looks like an AA order (otc)
Is this NIO expanding to norway shit true? Jobs posted on LinkedIn? 12/31 100c
Buy that dip
So is anyone playing the Georgia Senate race? I’m guessing EV/weed/big tech might move if it’s a clear majority?
[removed]
Yo do you think its a bad time to go balls deep on mp or is the tendie train not stopping
Baba boys how we looking tomorrow?
Tan is about to moon
Plz tell me why .... sitting on 870 shares .... flipped 3000 shares last week . No pattern to today’s mayhem , right ??
PLTR 30c 1/15
Dont worry, that tight butthole is going to feel so good as we force our way into it. you know.
and in 2019 

&#x200B;

lmao 

and 2020
You live in a touristy place...gotta be escorts everywhere
He has Chipotle and Starbucks too. My man loves his food.
maybe.... jackalot only had 35k to start
I think we all know that but they can’t be exchanged for shares(which is what you were implying on the original comment).
What did you make this with?
I always make sure to haunt myself like that don’t worry.
Sorry I lost interest when your spelled ‘borders’ wrong. Too autistic for me
I think the market's already priced McConnell's refusal to allow the extra $$$.
no options available. gg loser
Good
If a fund is closing out a short position, yeah, that’s my understanding too. But there could still be general market pressure downwards because of EOY selling for 2020 taxes, especially anticipating higher taxes in ‘21. And I’m sure our Melvin buds will take all the help they can get at this point.
:(
Every single person here knows this.  This is a gambling subreddit, and people here are gambling on a short squeeze being triggered by a hostile takeover by Ryan Cohen or just a general business turnaround catalyzed by the new console cycle.

The vast majority of people here will exit the position in the next 3-6 months, short squeeze or not.  I am not putting my 401k into GME, I'm not losing my house over it.  I am putting 5k that would be sitting in my checking account on it. And if it doubles or triples, which it probably will, that's a nice 10k I can blow on some sneakers or some shit, and a good story to tell my friends.
[deleted]
[deleted]
But let’s get to those levels!
Incredible man 👍👍
No one has any fucking idea especially on here
give his wife's boyfriend a foot massage
What a cuck.
Same. I've stopped coming here near as often as I did pre-covid. Just lost all its charm. It was a gamble just to comment around here on if you'd get banned or not.
What are you missing? The ticker.
i am not buying that tho. its a bluff to get those 2 Rs to be absolute loyal to mango but they will fall in line. georgia is still a deep red state.

mitch has a 90 million political iq so he knows it will be very hard for dems to win Georgia thats why he is smug as fuck about the 2k. he allowed perdue and loeffer to publicly agree to the 2k while taking all the heat for blocking it.
3. People that say something is mooning when it’s up half a point.
sarah eisen
Fuck yes you will
Nah
Good... Good... Let the hate flow through you... The broke side of the force is strong in you
Bc they sold stock to buy 70k more miners. They said they would do this yesterday...
Lorna Elon 🙏
No. They would never do that because turning off DRIP or selling wouldn’t allow them to realize the effects of compounding.
Why is everyone so confident that GME will drop tomorrow? Good vibes only
Its because from march onward tech stocks were literally free money. Things are harder now
Plz explain which stonk is sheep
If I had a nickel for every time I got laid this year I would have zero nickels
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Buy DVRC calls, thank me later

**URL:** https://redd.it/kn9y7m
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=kn9y7m) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/gergisbigweeb, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
hmmManOops
lostmypeachshorting
OverpricedBagel
Probably not. Since it didnt ipo until later that year.
[deleted]
"Mi nombre es El Retardo"

-- tu
You mean Saturday? No.
 Www.Eros.com or www.rubmaps.com
Goo awaaayyyyy
Streaming gets tons of perks - but does losing Amusement park revenue for 6+ months & gaining new streaming equate to a 30% raise in value? Long term - yes DIS will be a juggernaut, but Feb earnings numbers will be a short term shock to the stock price.
Sir this is a casino
BIDU is baba competitor, if baba is in the shitter with Chinese gubment BIDU will moon higher
> youre automatically on margin if you're on robinhood.

Not anymore. It asks you if you want margins active.
PSTH?
Lol
[deleted]
Thinking about selling the Dec 2021 $30 Cash secured puts on a specific SPAC thats been mentioned a lot today....the premium id get would put the cost basis below 20, and I could buy back mid year if theres no LOI yet. What am I missing? How is this not free money?
Cs:go is still neat, maybe try the new COD or Cyberpunk. My personal favourites are League of Legends and Path of Exile.
touché
This guy would have a nose bleed if he sold naked calls
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
Riot also outperformed
You forgot Bears
eventually I'll learn to juggle these knives
from this post

My most profitable strategies were short strangles, short puts, occasionally short calls and deep delta long calls.

&#x200B;

i'm unsure if he leveragedup too, statredwiht 25k so that's a nice % gain
Well if gme finishes at 19 tomorrow then I don't lose much money, but 20+ would be fantastic on these lotto tickets
Are people waiting to take profits until 4Jan so they can delay taxes for another year? Is there a reasonable chance this could cause pullback early next week?
For real though. I miss when if someone mentioned shares their whole week would get ruined
[deleted]
Tesla isn’t making a million Ys lol, and I’m sure Ford has provisions to boost production if the demand is there
Deal with Amazon, J.P. Morgan deal. If you don’t have bb in your portfolio you ain’t black
Yes that’s what is means, sorry these guys are assholes. They probably lose money anyway.
Holy shit I thought I had it bad when i bought 17 and didn't sell at 19.
Fuck I'm about to pay for a Rust WSB server right now, this sounds like a great fuckin time
Hows the 50% borrowing costs?
Cool how do you get such options?
Amazingly I'm still up and never went negative on my PLTR positions. It is getting pretty tempting to close it out though....
Thank you for your sacrifice. PLTR $100 eoy
That's a china firm, do you want them having your data?
I sold at $30 before the run 😭
🐑🐑 250 EOW?
You're really butthurt about this, huh? You're gonna make a million tendies little one. There is no risk and it literally can not go tits up.

And they are called casinos.
Why did M.A.R.A. tank today while Bitchcoin mooned? Makes zero sense
[deleted]
[deleted]
Hey Wish!! Let’s fuck up tomorrow 🥲
I’ve lost the most amount of cash by being a gay bear. Never again.
G. Cucky Fuld Jr. needs to post his exact positions so we can see how much his wife's boyfriend has to cover him.
Lumn isn’t a meme but the divvy is nice af
Anybody comparing XL to HYLN has an actual dent in their head... Like XL has clients, profits and oh yeah more than 20 trucks....
He hasn’t been wrong and I’m sure as shit that he knows more than any clown here. He’s the head autist
Sheeeeesh
Covered calls, yeah, meaning I have 100 of the shares to cover the call I wrote in case someone exercises it and I need to have the 100 shares to sell at the strike price.
There's two things on WSB I can't stand

1. When people trash talk a stock and its shareholders
2. Retarded PLTR longs thinking it will double.
Baba 246 pls I’ll cry
See you in the Caribbean next winter then my friend
Become a bear so you can get fucked regularly
Dude you have to go national. No one locally wants to help you out.
Choo Choo....All aboard!! 🚀🚀🚀🚀
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. In for long term
[removed]
He’s 🌈. Stonks only go uppies. All news are bullish
He sold his airlines because they have hundreds of thousands of empty planes parked all over the country and it’s going to take several years to refill that capacity. He’s not in the business of guessing what idiot RHers who have never seen a balance sheet in their life are going to pump in the short term. 

And by the way, this also says bad things about Boeing. Other than one or two off orders for 737 maxes, nobody is going to be buying new planes in any meaningful numbers for a long damn time.
[removed]
P C P L is the best SPAC play right now imo.

Trading close to NAV around $11.

Merging with E2Open in early Q1 and becoming ETWO.

E2Open is a 2B cloud service that serves several dozen big name companies including Microsoft, 3M and AMD.

This is comparable to A P X T (AvePoint) but hasn't gotten the attention it deserves yet.
T-60 for lift off 🚀🚀
Agriculture for date tree roots, cause solutions.
Noted, thanks.  Gonna get some limit sells set up.
Lovely-ish
Why would anyone want to sell were just breaking all time highs every month
Nah I'm definitely a sleeper neo-con agent tasked with seeding support for mitch mcconnell on reddit threads
-2990 here!
Buyer and sellers
r/sexworkers
[deleted]
Megamind lookin ass nigga
I needed a laptop and this was on sale - I’m obviously not a serious gamer so this will do just fine (ASUS ROG Zaphyr M14 I think)
That is what I bought
Karma
I’ve been called that before
A month ago
But my PLTR is gonna go to the moon?! How can one choose which to go after


^^^/s
It ain’t going to $15 anytime soon
Yolo my portfolio on 700c TSLA @2.00 still holding
>	peacefully coexisting with amzn wmt

Lol
How could you possibly have proof of that?
Ultra retard
cos of new strain. its like weed, people cant get enough
Ehh the bond yields are increasing which I trust more than usd strength
I CAN'T READ AT ALL WTF??
I have a call and a put on baba both otm and both bleeding out lmao
I see orangutan I upvote. Favorite animal
Shit I got in mid morning with 25 contracts at $25c 1/8

I’ll wait to recover half my loses tomorrow
Selling wire clothes hanger for 10$ each
Your mom fucked me and your sister’s boyfriend you fucking cuck
I bet that 15k is a lot more worth to this dude than the 1.7m to jackalot
Www.roobet.com 

If it’s not allowed in your region use a VPN
I'd be happy with cloud high. This street level shit ain't cutting it.
Your mom’s boyfriend is your real dad.
[deleted]
I'm up 81% from my low point this year. I also spent 2 months past the S&P bottom being a loser bear, and also after pulling out 2/3 of my account two months ago. I want to thank you dumbassfucks for showing me what not to do
Or in a hot tub
HIMX $9c 3/19/21
I have a call expiring for tmrw $11
you are dark pool
I've become desensitized to the -$2,604.11 total loss I see every time I log in to look at my portfolio

Think I can hold on for a good while now
What we have it for is to manage executives' social media profiles.  So I have a bunch of canned marketing stuff and then I can just go on and spam it all to my Linkedin profile.  It's like an end run around paid advertising.  You get your whole company posting on Linkedin/Twitter/FB to it and then you don't have to spend as much on paid ads.  We might pay like $20k for it per year, but we are getting way more engagement from it than we would from that amount of paid ads.
Guys I have a bad case of virginitis would do I do?
Last 600 in apple 135 FD’S I hate my decisions
Dividend investing is the final frontier. Get to 3m and then take home a 6 figure salary on your dividends alone.
Since not everything has the liquidity of SPY or AAPL, what standard do you guys follow when closing a spread. You can’t do multiple orders when trying to close at 9:30.
That’s 16 more shares than what I could afford, grats
[removed]
Rainbow 6, valorant, fortnite, warzone are all good games rn. And if u like starwars battlefront 2 its cheap rn.
Hahaha rekt
There's a fucking bot that generates headlines, I guarantee it.

"(Dow/S&P/Nasdaq) (rises/falls/flat) as (covid/stimulus/election) is (going well/approved/priced in/blahblahfuckingblah)."
Why would it go back up? On what news?
How lovely?
No u
We’ll see, Snow did something similar on the day of its lock up expiring in DEC it bounced briefly only to proceed selling off.
Good DD, I believe it!!!! GME 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
I have proof your mum isn’t tho
I bought Nikola at $52 lmao
Jesus, Florida positivity rate for covid fucking doubled  from 11% yesterday to 22% today.
I wonder where I will be in life then.
This is so crazy it might just work
VXX steadily goes down in value by design. A jump to 40 was easy over the summer, now it will take a much bigger correction. If you want to hold shares, buy in little by little in order to average down as much as possible and then sell on any 25% pop.
M8 that's the entire point of tail risk
(A)l(R)ight (B)eautiful (K)ind (F)riend
Qqqj 33c 6/18 are cheap and there’s huge growth potential imo
Can confirm, TSLA stock broke one of the tools I used to trade. TSLA is a different dimension.
Mitch the kind of guy that takes off socks and shoes when flying economy
It’s one of the first big gains in a short time period I’ve ever seen made from selling options actually. Usually it’s pretty 🐌 for theta gang but this dude actually 4x from selling ATM straddles.
Yes this is my plan as well.
Shotgun it it ya pussy.
Never. I sell it to other retards and collect premiums
It’s block-chain technology using machine learning in the cloud - nah, seriously man, I have no fucking idea
If I was spanish i'd be called El Retardo
if you like wsb - rust
[deleted]
That’s where I got it from
You overpaid. Send it back. Build a PC.
I dont even think they can reach there EV goals without the baas, so I won't be surprised if they pump nio in the form of cheap factory contracts to produce cars faster and tax breaks on swap stations.
I bought at 17.70 and exited at 15.90.  F that.
Banish to r/stocks where they belong
There's a guy who bought Nikola at $61 and is down 20,000 on Yahoo Finance.
Congrats
Wut?  Ive deleted 0 comments lol.  And I dont get butt hurt, I simply reply because I made the post and I stand by my $25,000 investment lol.
I lift weights each Monday, Wednesday, Friday and then a little cardio each day. So, I exercise options often.
Guy Adami: *USD dropping to the point where it's no longer bullish for equities*
Cyberpunk 2077 in 2077
Have you heard of RobinHood?
ok boomer. "back in my day" stfu
pornhub.com
dolars
Got some big balls, he should come join us
Melissa Lee is mommy  I love her so much bros
Yea im pretty sure it will come back in a week or two
Yes. I’m praying so hard for a dip tmrow. I was ready to get in today at $660. But the dip never came, and I’m salty about it.

ELONs expectations are going to be surprised and earnings are gonna blow TSLA up again. The more ppl doubt TSLA the more it booms. There’s no real logic behind it, but it’s been like this for months. Might as well ride the train until it breaks
That’s SO CHEAP wow
I have a really strong feeling their earnings are going to be a huge pop (RIP me).

NFL betting is massive and this is the first year they'll have that to show, and we got a full NFL regular season in. Loading up on May ATM calls and unloading in the run-up to earnings feels too easy.
Thank you for such a detailed response brother. I really appreciate it 🙏🏾 
 
I’m right by you in (deleted) currently. 

Trying to buy a house bc the mortgage would be cheaper than my current apartments rent and I’m gonna be here for 4 years. Rather dump the money into home equity than just burn it on fire. 

You said a lot of helpful things. I’m saving this post and going to come back to it while I look. 

Thank you 🙏🏾
Wrong
Yeah. Am I here to get some gains or learning to read?
Praying my baba 12/31 240s print
The 🧙‍♀️ 🧙‍♀️ 🧙‍♀️ 🧙‍♀️ are back
Nio pleas fly again tomorrow
Done. Already up bigly. Wish I had more to throw into it
I’ll multiply my net income by 3.  -$23,450.93. Nice
lol  no risk no reward ?
gnight dad
Sold my PLTR calls while it was slightly back up today.

[https://memes.getyarn.io/yarn-clip/e4a8ecd7-b9c8-4660-a2fe-0dd60793d82d/gif?ts=1609365991725#JhtBxxd0RNU.copy](https://memes.getyarn.io/yarn-clip/e4a8ecd7-b9c8-4660-a2fe-0dd60793d82d/gif?ts=1609365991725#JhtBxxd0RNU.copy)
Tbh man start out with covered calls, InTheMoney makes some good videos to start learning.
Disney’s just moving to justify the price of Netflix.
It is. They just can't say Dow ends at record high. For some reason they always have to attach some reason to it when reason no longer applies to the market.
You were a test tube baby. 🧪
Never you were a test tube 🧪 baby
I'm gonna be honest, I don't feel like I'm the train. I'm being brutally savaged and my ass is flexing like a broken sub. Anyways, gonna go buy some more GME and probably order that donut pillow. Thank god for fast shipping.
Oh believe me it ain't my first losing streak. Just going to improve my strategy and be patient. IV is crushing every single option chain
Leave for robinhood margin rate is 2.5% now
[removed]
Smart money loading up before the monster ER in late Jan?
He needs to short some bitches‼️
Touché
[deleted]
[deleted]
Just bought a gaming laptop. Haven’t gamed since pre CS:GO. What should I check out?
I would like to purchase an hour with a lovely lady
Thoughts on $GE? Is it finally hitting $11?
I’ve got LEAPs and selling 10D cc’s on AAPL, AMZN, NFLX, and GOOGL. As long as you pick your strikes right and are active with putting on and taking off the shorts, it’s money.
I have the same thought. What is your reasoning?
SHOP was that in 2017, soooooooooooooo
Anyone have a Deathnote? Write ✍️ mitchs name in it
it is. media just wants people to actually get the vaccine so they say bullshit positive things about it
Does not compute. System overload. Need to reboot.
[deleted]
Aisle 2.
Meh.  This is speculation at best so I really cant convince you either way.
[deleted]
Me too I threw a little yolo on it hoping it hits 700 and acts like a sling shot up. Probably won't happen but have faith in our lord Elon🙏
As a certified retard, I only care about the immediate future. The rest I will worry about when the time comes
Not until the Dems quit protecting their friends at FB and Google and WAPO
And how much money did you make)
Which stock hasn't gone 150% for the year?
They’re virgins, like you.
The dumbest reason I ever lost the most money
That sucks I’ve had sex on x as well, but it never changed sex for me with others or made it not feel as good
BABA like Tyson Fury against Wilder, he comes back from the dead again and again
If it floors at 15 i'll blame it on you
I put way too much of my account into NET 12/31 80c
How did we do today boys ?
A lotta work
FAN
Yea it’s kinda whack when people are egging people to sell their house for option contracts but they got shares all snug and secure in that. Same stock acting like they are right there with  em. It’s mad awk / funny
I think my dad is a virgin. It runs in the family
BUT WHAT DOES IT DO?
Nothing is ever priced in. People say priced in after the fact in reality nobody knows anything about how an event affects a stock until after it happens/is announced
I thought the last day to tax loss harvest for 2020 was yesterday because funds settle in 2 days?

I do agree with the rest about SSR and sentiment though.
Barkbox is legit. Not sure about actual stock worth, but it’s a legit product.
tru
I’d rather pretend that people at least brush once a day but I know some people don’t even do that 🤢
What’s with the After hours volume on apple
Onky when they're ITM, so never
As soon as PRPL starts to print
???
I wonder if my parents ever got it on
Wish I had one. I'm sure they'll be blowing up all the long's emails/phones come March/April again.
Where's the beef?
I dont know. I dont make the rules.
He has the option to buy Tesla shares for $40 each up to January. He paid $10 in premium for this option. He needs Tesla to be over $50 before Jan to make a profit. It is much over.
I’ve seen this episode before
Take a look at the ratios and valuation, yes it's a big run, but imo this is only a big correction in what was the most undervalued big tech stock. The current price only brings it back to levels it reached in 2016/2017 and leaves it with a forward PE well bellow 30 with great growth potential... we're quite far from Tsla and Nio levels of retard.
MT 😍
Get out of the room. You were making the entire market uncomfortable.
There should be hookers on every corner
Pulitzer 🏆
[deleted]
Don't let the bed bugs bite
[deleted]
How often do you people exercise your options? I never saw a proper opportunity to.
100k in my trading account and my new years resolution will be achieved. I'll do it even if I have to sell plasma
It was just a joke bro!
What is with all the shit being pimped after being up 150%+ for the year... gtfoh
Well, you just survived one this month. Just type in "stock market witching"
You're really gonna be 🎵fighting for your meals🎵 with those calls
As if she doesn’t have one already.
Mods r 🌈
2 shares of LUMN gotta bump those numbers up LUMN is the next meme stock.
Will try
Cura is the best positioned to quickly scale US distribution given they’re already the biggest MSO around and have an exclusively US focus. Ownership has incredibly deep pockets and massive stakes in the company. Federal descheduling will provide a hype boom to be sure but Cura is going to be ready to transition to full rec sales almost immediately and is already driving massive revenue increases YoY as they’re in almost every state that matters. They also have no exposure to the average retail buyer being on the OTC in the U.S. and the CSE in Canada. They’re going to quickly move to a major us exchange when able and that alone will be a major upwards catalyst. CURA is a $50+ stock in 2022 based on current float and is currently available for ~12. I bought a sizeable position under 5 with the expectation of a 10 bagger.
I don't see this cannibalizing mustang sales at all.  If anything, it will cannibalize Explorer sales and so forth, but even then they don't have a top selling crossover, because they scrapped it, and a large majority of explorer sales are to police agencies and so forth.  

Own is the wrong word, just invested heavily in them.  Rivian for starters.  They have LG has suppliers, they're beginning their own production of batteries, etc. 

It should be noted, Ford and VW (two most powerful car companies in the world) created an alliance to advance self driving technology and share between them. 

As well, they repeatedly decline to say how many they plan to sell, but everyone ESTIMATES 50k.  They have said that they have "completely sold out their entire supply" though already.
Tesla getting to $735 by February?
Had sex on ectasy - I know sex will never be that good again. $40,000,000 can buy me plenty of shit
really? new to me.. why wouldnt it be the last day of the year?
Michael doing the twirl in front of all the DMI bag holders
Looks like someone sold a small number of shares at a stupidly low ask price and someone else snapped it up. Price is back to where it was.
Yeah about 5 months ago
SPAC gang is the new cash gang.
“Dow ends at record high as investors focus on vaccine roll-out”

How is this not priced in yet?
American exceptionalism, baby! Exceptionally fucking retarded
Fuck this goofy looking, TSLA shorting MF. I wasn't even on the GME train before but I am now bitches
Gay af
Or sell NKLA
yea that’s me
Ban
This guy just activated a hive mind of retards about to get stimulus money.
sweetwater has been around for a while and has been pretty successful and popular all the places ive seen it sold/on top at. its not new, nor a fad. its a pretty established brewery and using terpines in them is only 1 line of many others
[deleted]
Just regular AH fuckery on meme stocks
Let’s take the wakeboat out to the lake on Friday and blast some Drake. I’ll grab my Oakleys and gas up the Silverado
Not a loss until you sell
yeah leslie picker would get it Ylan is pretty cute too
Why don’t you eat something first
I feel better now
We all need to do this on a good news day. Seriously, the market makers have to cover too. I have read about short squeezes starting by market makers covering options.
Yes father, I know I have sinned with these thoughts 😔
Are we doing the cuckhold jokes again? I miss those
ARKG up .5% AH. That translates to a 1.3% increase in my portfolio.
[removed]
I’m retarded. Do you mean you’re buying a call in 2023 for 20.00 / strike with a cost of 0.93?

Just want to make sure my left hand knows which way my right hand has to click before I blow all my
Moms blow money on things that aren’t blow.
[deleted]
what motel room are you in? wanna give you the rundown
If you're a future trader and you don't sell off tonight, out of sheer rage because you got fucked by a turtle, you're a pussy.
Every time I take money out of RH I just end up putting it back in. I’m like, “ok, I’ve got too much in my account, I need that money for house projects... but I could grab some more TSLA put spreads and make a few hundred off it while I wait...”
At my job it’s “inventory” week and it sucks
Trying to see if I should add more shares into ARKK or build up ARKF first. I don’t have much in ARKF right now.
I don’t see spy going below 300 unless the world absolutely shuts down again
What do you think would be a better plan?
It's because they take 2 days to settle
Really need a 10% day tomorrow...
DAILY REMINDER THAT BUFFET SOLD HIS AIRLINES AT THE BOTTOM
yup
ok 😉
Just go cash gang until you feel better
I can safely say as a seasoned veteran of nearly 5 months that WSB has gone downhill big time
Get that bread
If NET hits $80 tomorrow I’m up big boy money
No. 

The GOP does not support it. Trump claiming to support it is...again...political theater. He had all these months to say he wants $2k. He’s the leader of the party. Instead he said nothing and has played golf the last several days. He put Munchin in charge of the negotiating...Munchin flew to Cabo yesterday on his private jet to go to his beach house. You really think he’s negotiating hard for $2k? In Cabo? You’re being suckered. Trump wants credit for saying he wants $2k but doesn’t actually want to do it. They did this to sucker people like you who don’t understand the process. 

Literally the only point to blocking a vote FROM YOUR OWN PARTY is to give them cover to say they want it when they really don’t.
this is only for the non-poors
Can you provide me an example?
Ya I bought aroun 60 shares
$MT
If you bought HYLN at highs and proceeded to buy XL. Fool you twice.
Its the Spacs that started it. Once all those month old accounts lose their money it'll go back to normal I hope. 

And I'm a guy share holding boomer but even I dislike talking about it here
Dad
Last day for 2020 taxes was yesterday. Fkin glue eater.
Thanks!
Some guy on r/options with the top post made 115k in the last 6 months SELLING naked options
My QQQ puts rejoice
This is the way
Georgian mango supporters are already disheartened at the voter “fraud” that allegedly took place, of which they still can’t provide proof for, so many have already chosen to sit out this election and will not vote for the party that they feel didn’t fight for them.  And now plenty of independents will refuse to vote for the GOP given McConnell’s apparent callous disregard for the millions of families facing unemployment and eviction.  

So essentially the GOP managed to alienate two entirely different groups of voters, therefore the seats will flip.  Good going y’all.
Please don't answer new kids.
[removed]
It's certainly possible.
Yeah, fuck rainbows and bears!
Yesterday was last day for 2020 taxes. Don't know why these window lickers are downvoting you.
I got in on some march calls for UBER & SNOW today
I’m riding on 240c , 250c , 272c FDs expiring tomorrow.
[deleted]
Facts thats a good plan too, might hold off til then. January 26th gonna be a big day.
Did you see it up 4.20% there momentarily as well AH?
i'm goin to sleep, don't shitpost too much pls
right now it feels like Melvin is the train
Sir, it's almost 2021 and what the fuck does a PE ratio have to do with valuation?
You generally can't. By the time they're exercisable, the price is even
Lol Fidelity approved me and I have NO CLUE what I'm doing. I just wanted the Options option in case I ever felt confident enough to pull the trigger.
"Li Auto, Inc. designs, develops, manufactures and sells premium smart electric SUVs energy vehicle."

Good shit, Robinhood, thanks
Mitch the type to...
It will, by nature, be volatile as shit while you hold. Plus, you lose the opportunity cost parking it there.
I think I'm gonna do the same, Im holding 1/15 $21c
dude must only have 100-200 invested
Agreed
"you the bagholding" wow an illiterate simp, not surprised. 👍🏼
Psth all in
Bro, you don't want the dems to win. Sure, they might give you 2k but they are also going to get rid of Trump's corporate tax cut and increase capital gains tax to 49%. What do you think the market is going to do with that?
Mostly options, ran up nicely for 2 days, bought more than immediately dumped. Been trying to time entries in and out and haven’t had much luck. All good, it is what it is
see you have gambling and then you have free money.
[deleted]
That's a big jump, we'll see
Crossed 9ema on hourly today, pullback today before 🚀🚀🚀tomm
GME might give us all a big buying opportunity tomorrow, just in time for the new year.  $15 is floor, moon is soon.
Pray the gay (bear) away!
The saddest part of this is you are being serious.

VXX shares literally is the worst type of shares you can buy long term. It’s the only one GUARANTEED to go down.
Holy shit 30$????
Push her down the stairs
Just give me your wife’s adress
Haha Jack Ma! Nathan for you is so underrated!
If ya didn’t get a stimulus, holla WE WANT PRENUP
>Plus two massive liabilities will decrease this year. Their pension because lots of old people died

Shit you right. I'm in!
I did too also bought high sold low. How do I cure my paper hands?
Wouldn’t corporate bond buying just be overall bullish for equites? If I recall the list of bonds being bought was fairly broad spectrum.
I'm in IT and have a finance degree. Enlighten me. All I see is an overhyped analytics company that makes fancy queries, mostly dependent on US intelligence agencies trading at 50x annual sales. Seems like fair value should be around $15 right now
Guh
I moved over 2k miles from that liberal shithole , lifestyle never been better 😎👍
But when I do the opposite I lose money
Like in supermarket lines
Why hello there big green dick on STIC
I've had a really good two days of trading so far. I took off Monday because of other things but I feel really good about next year.
QS GANG
I don't get why mms want to control the stock downward. There's no apparent reason imo
What was your decision to buy 5 calls back in May 2019? Do you remember your reasoning? And why did you select such a far out expiry? Have you traded options before? Thanks!
How long out do you typically buy ? And are you not worried about being at ath lol ?? 

Sometimes I’m a pussy.
Who watches abc? Pornhub bro, PORNHUB.
Yep. Plenty of time if it starts to rip there's a few 10% days ahead of it once WSB piles in and gamma squeezes it again.
It has
I know some of you might think I might be on drugs but I'm expecting to see an 8% correction on the Nasdaq. Drip should start tonight.
Y'all remember that song Baba O' Riley - The Who?

BABA $275C 1/15/2021
Europoors should just print more money
#baba pls
Stock selloff to raise more $ for equipment
I mean, cool that he’s back but doesn’t it kinda detract from his whole reason for quitting when he comes back immediately after? Did him quitting accomplish something?
Waiting for $29-30 but still not bad
Baba is a real American
My mom keeps the fridge in the garage like right before freezing so whenever I get a beer it feels like my stomach is getting stabbed
yeah but people were saying that yesterday was the last day to sell your losers for tax write offs, so thought the cutoff might be the same day
Wise idea
Yessir loaded to the TITS!
This is the way
[removed]
chef ramsay
Shorts are doing everything they can to drive prices down in order to cut their losses for the 2020 year. There's a decent chance they'll cut their losses going into the new year. 


Should this happen, I'll be loading up on shares tomorrow late morning/afternoon.
Know this feeling too well
Did the stimus hit your bank? Buy more calls xD
Y’all about to see a lot more CC on the market.
How much do I owe you now?
I think it was all the profit taking. Hopefully goes up and doesn't stop.
🤣🤣🤣 you think he can read
> China eyes shrinking 

He’s not talking about Ma’s misshapen head ya moron
Steel still going up ? Anyone think buying MT now is still the way to go
Only 🌈retards floss
Must have been real hard being an Arsenal fan for the last 5 years
Just use margin to sell naked puts

I mean in theory it sounds good but I have no idea 

Look up "the wheel"
Calls give more leverage with higher risk. If you're very sure of your position buy calls 3+ months out
It is impossible. Because they're making 50k cars next year, they say. Tesla says they'll make a million. 

I mean, Ford should successfully sell all 50k, I just dont see it actually going anywhere growth wise.
I forgot the /S.
Bold of you to assume some people brush
He's gonna croak and his wife will live to be 107
Yes, you are rainbows.
I think WSB has reached the threshold where over half the people here have shares instead of options. "Buy the dip" and "hold longterm" on meme stocks seems to be the going advice. Shares used to get you fucking banned around here. We need an even more degenerate sub for options and futures.
If you think $600 is more valuable than being a dependent then you shouldn't receive a check.
10 options. Today I would've had 70K
I can’t believe I’m saying this but.... I’m feeling kind of gay. Like I want to short SPY gay. Should I seek help?
About 10k for me....

Fuck that was dumb.
Had the same feeling when i bought 200 shares of GME in November at 18$ and saw it rocket in December. still holding tho
Guy Adami is legit one of the best people on tv.
Damn
when is er?
[deleted]
WSB  in June https://i.imgur.com/raSt7H0.jpg
I’m thinking about selling everything and just doing pmcc’s on AAPL. Someone tell me why I shouldn’t.
[deleted]
FWIW growth didn't like stimulus package that Trump signed on Sunday. That's because it limits some of the open market operations that the fed was able to do. Value will likely out preform until mid February or March or possibly later, until the fed gets funding again to buy corporate bonds.
No it would have passed becuase Trump supports it. So his peeps in gop woud vtoe for it. and so it would be enough to pass. if it went to vote. but mitch didnt allow that to happen
See u then brother
What the fuck I just found out in nyc some apartments are ‘co-ops’ and you gotta have an interview and give a cover letter... to pay their mortgage? For their little rat shoebox ? Lol
I wish TD would get rid of benzinga. Useless info
GME to the moon... **This just in:** GME waiting for TSLA 🚀 to Mars , will end trip on 🌕
Is it going to break $11 anytime soon?
I doubt it
Yeah but I dont currently have much invested
[removed]
is tomorrow still 2020?..
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/goldentowels the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Its cash resolve
Ye and it’s gonna pump from stimulation, mark it brosiah.
How many? Would you be a millionaire now?
You still have funds.  Stop thinking about what was.  Your mindset should be fresh restart.
I had a great day and locked in some profits. Now I'm mostly riding on NIO calls. Tomorrow I'll be praying to the money printer gods that NIO keeps pumping through NIO day January 9th
Because RIOT is the move!
It was fucking hilarious is what it was
They would need to have done that last tax season, and you would have had to register as an independent
>What stroke are u looking at?

I assume you mean strike, unless you're suggesting something much more exciting 😉

Was just generally looking at some of the high volume ones in the $215 - $290 range. All are trading for a similar price range.
I need 5k fast, time to self my car since it’s not making me money
Don't run it now, after we have the greatest year ever 2021 😂
[deleted]
Implied memebility is an awesome name for a metric
Getting there. Just going to continue watching
And I think it will hit $30 by the end of Q1 without an announcement.  With an announcement, higher.
If a SPAC warrants are below intrinsic, how can I arbitrage?
Didn't close my 12/31 BIDU calls in time before close. Fucking hope it opens green tomorrow.
Can't you just get margin from your broker at a better rate?
I will trade u my beautiful 10 dollar bill for ur 45k in ur 401k
Minor pullback today before liftoff tomm 🚀🚀
Last night forgot the condom and went raw with my gf. Now she being irish catholic means she's keeping the baby. I need Tesla to go $3,000 a share in about 9 months.

Damn redheads they'll be the death of me.
you belong in a mental hospital
BABA IS GOING TO DEFEAT THE COMMUNISTS LIKE HULK HOGAN
Its funny how a shriveled old turtle dick representing the shittiest state in the union has more power than the president who has the full support of a blue house
[removed]
Are u asking for a friend?
Literally laughed out loud
That’s why I bought shares at 19.60 and I am F
Google AAPL and saw it's AH at 4.20%. Checked IBKR and saw the real price. Nice prank GOOG.
husbands in law! put er there, pal
I have all my dividends set to reinvest
You won’t get it
Very relevant, saw this today: [boobs](https://www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/kn28iz/thats_what_she_said_a_visual_history_the_office_oc/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf)
[removed]
How does one become this successful
No one got anything they wanted with that $600 bill, dumbass
It wouldn’t pass. Republicans don’t support it. If they did it would have been in the first bill. The entire point of blocking a vote is to allow republicans to claim they support it since its popular but not actually vote for it. They have control of the presidency and the senate. If they actually wanted it, they’d pass it.
[removed]
[deleted]
Very much so.  I’ve got a position on over 12,000 option contracts.  I had to spend some quality time on the phone with the TOS margin department to make sure I didn’t go somewhere they wouldn’t let me.
Just saying, I love my car but it has issues. Lol. I expect the first gen e-Mach will have plenty, too
Jack Ma!
If you’re broke, options are the only way to not be (or to be even more broke)
AAPL glitch ?
It's so beautiful I teared up

&#x200B;

TO THE MOON BOYS!
The Disability is real
GME GANG... I bought at 17 sell a 13, bouch at 21 sell at 19, x5 CFD )), good that i time better with others, Jumia is my favorite.
Mitch McConnell is going to quote this on CSPAN tomorrow.
I'm pretty confident they're gonna hit ATH right before that demo day and then crash to the center of the earth after. I think that's a good exit point.
Yeah, a Covered Call
[deleted]
It’s manipulated bruh
15 days to slow the spread.
4.2% now. Aapl to the fucking moon. Big money is betting it hits 140 by end of week
This will save capitalism. UBI. Too much wealth inequality for it to continue properly without it in a long enough timeline.
It’s crazy to go back to March 20th Daily Discussion and look at all the comments from the absolute bottom. 

I only started losing money here a couple months ago - what was witching hour?
I picked 10 SPY 372P expiring today for .18 @ 1:42PM MST and another 10 for .08 @ 1:54PM MST and sold them at 2PM for .4.  Fast money and A true degenerate move 😜.  Too bad I didn’t have the balls to go much bigger (ex 500 contracts) at .08 . 

I feel for anyone who went long an hour before close on some 0DTE spy calls and didn’t take their profits 6 minutes before close
What’s the reason?
No

also you won’t get them, you had to file your 2019 taxes as independent
Then I say go for it. I've got 1300 shares just because of the WSB hype.
That would suck so bad, I hope they don’t cancel it again. As an arsenal fan
All those MBA, BA and CFA just shows he has no clue what to do with his life.
Can’t wait to watch you lose it all
Calls on Triad
I think it’s getting close... Indonesia just signed deal with LG Chem, article from Indonesia today states they are offering Tesla a massive tax break. 
[source ](https://www.cnbcindonesia.com/news/20201230110113-4-212495/gokil-ri-janjikan-tax-holiday-pabrik-tesla-sampai-20-tahun)

What it says: 
Jakarta, CNBC Indonesia - Minister of Industry Agus Gumiwang Kartasasmita stated that Indonesia will provide various incentives so that the electric car manufacturer Tesla is willing to invest in Indonesia. No half-hearted, Tesla will get a tax holiday or tax exemption if he is truly committed to investing in Indonesia.
"Indonesia has prepared a tax holiday of 5 to 20 years for Tesla, if they want to invest in Indonesia," said Agus to CNBC Indonesia , Wednesday (30/12).

However, the amount to be given by the government depends on the value of its commitment. Indonesia will check whether the value is large enough or very large. This value will also indicate how serious Tesla's investment in the country is.

Of course this facility depends on the value of their investment," continued Agus.

In order to discuss the investment opportunity, he confirmed that the team from the giant electric car manufacturer Tesla will come to Indonesia in early January. He said the company from the United States would discuss further points from the previous talks with President Joko Widodo (Jokowi) regarding the investment in a battery factory in Indonesia.

"Tesla will send his team in early January to Indonesia to follow up on the conversation between Mr President and Tesla owner Elon Musk, to follow up. Of course we will try to make Tesla confident we can invest in Indonesia," said Agus at Ministry of Industry office, Jakarta Monday (28/12).

The arrival of the Tesla team cannot be separated from President Joko Widodo (Jokowi) 's direct invitation in mid-December. He and the Coordinating Minister for Maritime Affairs and Investment Luhut B. Pandjaitan called Tesla CEO Elon Musk, on Friday (11/12/2020). One of the president's chats with the Tesla boss was to invite Tesla to launch Space X in Indonesia.

"The President of the Republic of Indonesia, Joko Widodo, invited Tesla to see Indonesia as the launch pad for Space X," said a press release from the Communication Bureau of the Coordinating Ministry for Maritime Affairs and Investment, Saturday (12/12/202).

Besides, the main objective of readyviewed Jokowi called the Tesla boss to discuss investment opportunities for the electric car company Tesla in Indonesia. The talks were fruitful with the arrival of the Tesla team in early January.
Like what the f
[deleted]
We learn for the memes, no other way to keep us going through dumb moves
Too late for that.
[deleted]
$140 to $220 in a month, too afraid to touch it after such a run, pullback will come
Not going to not happen
Limited upside & unlimited downside? Not sure that’s the way to play it
I thought you had to have earned income to contribute? Mt lazy two year old needs to get a job
I’m seeing .02%
[deleted]
Lol, no it’s not
Oh he was plowing alright. You can be sure of that.
please post positions
Didn't close out my12/31 BIDU calls in time before close. Big oof. Well, hope it opens bigly green up or I'm fooked.
Uuuuuh is Alaska Airlines glitching?
You got this man stay in there, I’m rooting for you
I admit it

I have slv calls
no, jan1 you can gogogo.  frontloading this year is the smart move i think
STIC
Psth...going to go nuclear at LOI. Might be a tad bit too early but if you are too late you will miss the 🤑
Anyone else pumped that companies can just direct list without all the bullshit? It’s gonna be trading halt central.
Why the fuck would you want those protections gone you asshole? In 10 years someone can break down your door for calling the wrong person autistic
I think this guy probably bought and forgot about this contract. And then woke up a month ago and realized he had done him good.
-people didnt got their $2000 check
-companies didn't got their 2bln stimulus
-trump is telling his voters that the elections are rigged, so it doesn't make sence to vote


and by now GOP should want a strong goverment for the post covid period, so they can get the senate back in 2 years, and blame the dems for all the bad things that happened
im all in on something else not allowed to be spoken of here, because it's the biggest opportunity i may see in my life.
RSI is at 47. So...
Ya that’s what I saw online just wasn’t sure. I did it this morning around 10. Tomorrow it will probably show up
Feel like buying QQQ puts am I 🌈?
yeah maybe, but when will that be. you’ve got other 300% plays you miss out on in the meantime
I’m guessing a short squeeze. Insiders evidently don’t want to sell, which says A TON about its bullish prospects. People were probably frontrunning the lockup expiration by shorting shares. They were surprised when they realized insiders weren’t liquidating, and now they have to cover their shorts. I’m personally staying away for a few days while all this shakes out, but I can’t help but think this is an enormously bullish sign for the company and I’ll be looking for an entry point for LEAPs. 

I don’t think I’ve ever in my life seen a company that has doubled by lockup day not have a big sell off as insiders liquidate. I know I was certainly surprised, I imagine others were as well who had shorted shares.
100 contracts at 20 each so i'm guessing around 15-20%
U mean .02%?
How about having two threshholds one percentage based and one value based like min: 500% or 10000$
If I had my parents take me off as a dependent, would I have to prove I could sustain myself? I want these stimmy checks.
Me too
So the 8$ share loss at 2300 = 18400$ + 23k you received for boomer stock after a year you made 35k.  Yes a very boomer move
who cares?

edit: -13 currently. holy shit you fucking idiots think any stock can be overvalued as much as TSLA is?  Tesla has a fucking FUTURE, not only that, but they're a train going full speed already on the fucking tracks heading towards it!  GameStop doesn't even know how its going to reinvent itself, it's just making promises to share holders.  Get a grip.
If I sell stock at a profit tomorrrow, do I still need to pay tax on it for 2020 taxes?
Markdown Monday the first trading day of 2021................ **SMH**
Not really, but it's a crime in this market.
wait what?  you have to have income to have an IRA i thought
Is there any risk in SBE not eventually merging with chargepoint?
EOY tomorrow so many short funds are incentivized to close the year as low as possible. Tax harvesting too so selling pressure is likely. And the SSR in place since yesterday after the 10% drop lifts tomorrow, allowing them to manipulate to their hearts content again. Most folks are planning for a pretty big down day tomorrow - so get ready to get some cheap calls if you’re down with this shit.
The battery day episode
[deleted]
Turtles teach college on a planet somewhere.
If PLTR can reach 29 i’m dumping my 200 shares and if not I guess i’ll hold them till they do
Jack Ma’s head-to-body ratio is small. 

How’s that racist?

Abraham Lincoln openly joked about his looks. Some politician called him a two-faced liar, to which Abe responded: If I had two faces, would o be wearing this one?
Some of us are broke sir, a YOLO is a YOLO
Nikola is, dicks down, the gayest
Be retarded like me and get 25c
MOASS is [coming](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kn9ff4/melvin_capital_gme_hobags)
Spy retard
Holding that baby until 2030
Doubled my BB investment today. Back to ATH in 2021
Really tempted to get some ATM calls a few months out, feels oversold
Hey buddy, you just blow in from stupid town?
That's lacist
congrats!  make sure you do your taxes
Stonks, not gold!
smh. I legit feel bad for these kinds of stories sometimes.
Doesn’t really work that way but as someone who is pot committed at this point with the stock, I hope so too
[deleted]
[deleted]
Osoff is the only one who has a chance. I talked to a NRC friend of mine and he said the black guy is getting so toxic that osoff door knockers aren't even bringing him up anymore. 

That's not a good sign.
keeping hopes high. Got in after it crossed 9ema on hourly, hopefully 🚀🚀🚀 in next few days
I’m offended by this post but again, the reason that I stopped scrolling my screen was because of the 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Whats up with Apple after hours? Up 2%
**One of us.**
Greenest Monday in the world incoming
Morgan is hot, but id rather have a deep convo with her than she scream my name on cnbc omg Taitken Flight!!!!!
Yes have at it
Yea but you the bagholding 🤡
Is this bearish or bullish?
Thanks!
[deleted]
Oh no, don’t get me wrong, I’m buying like a MF
trust me bro
Holy shit 😂
Darn.  Pulisic is only reason pay any attention to PL.
💡 big dick, move put 100k in VIX and go into hibernation
Window jump method
Honestly, why is this subreddit so high on GameStop? They are a brick & mortar store that sells video games in an era where 80% of video game sales are being made digitally and brick and mortar stores are widely suffering due to a pandemic (not to mention there has been a massive decline in the prominence of brick and mortar stops over the past decade regardless of the pandemic). 

Gamestop is literally just a middleman between the game development industry and the consumer, a middleman that is being rapidly cut out by electronic sales.  Am I missing something, why does this subreddit think that Gamestop is going to explode? Based on my analysis all I'm seeing is limited growth due to new console hype and over-valuation of the stock price due to unsubstantiated speculation. But again, if I'm wrong, I would like to understand why
[removed]
These shows that run on abc during the day make me wanna snap my neck
You don’t even live in America
if all the biden voters turn out for dems ya, lotta repub/trumpers are staying home in GA
Can someone explain what im reading im full autist thx
Dope, prepare for liftoff
IV should be renamed to Meme-o-meter
All I ask is that we all make money tomorrow going into the New Year. Then it’s fuck 🌈🐻 for all of 2021
Wow you really don't belong here.
You can select the year
We should swap flairs, have an upvote
If you believe the stock will go up then just do it, if you can’t handle it if it goes down then don’t do it.
where's Jimmy Chill
I'd rather shit in a freezing cold porta potty than in a sweaty hot portapotty in the sun
I think our wives have the same boyfriend
Well as has been pointed out by others it merely lends them more rope to hang with. But if you want to be able to vote in the proxy that would require shares to be recalled. This is likeliest the trigger of any squeeze.
I read somewhere it was 7k for 2021
Right there with you. Timed the bottom perfectly for once though. Assuming it was the bottom
No it's her bra size (43 c cups) and her cheap implants expire in March so she hopes the rich guy will buy her new ones.
Buy high sell low. My kind of retard. I’m in
\-8.25% for the week
[deleted]
QS is an interesting case. It's going up precisely because it's overvalued and is not showing any profits for years. So all sorts of degens think they found the perfect short and it can't sustain 40 bil on those crappy fundamentals can it?

They short, figure out their broker charges 970% annualized, so $2 per day per share to short this crap. Then you have people who know what they are doing, they buy the shares and lend them out to the degens. Which drives the price up, much to the surprise of the degens who are short. Now they give up and take the L, driving up the price too.

Et voila. The whole process repeats with a market cap of 50 billions.
Damn dolla weak as fuuuck
Calls on dental implants
[deleted]
He already sold his position so ya he did pump and dumb it
Why did MARA crash?
Guh.
What stroke are u looking at?
Damn that’s some juicy theta.
wow! I am re-evaluating my financial decisions. Deep in SPAC
Nice
Lmao
This assumes you have no income
IDK but it seems to me like all the highest risk/reward plays worked way longer than I expect them to
[removed]
[deleted]
1920s wants their strategy back
🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Could have been a cracker :(
[deleted]
This is pure smooth brains. Is making money better than losing money is essentially what he’s asking
1 week down after a giant gap up.  This stock was dead not long ago.  He's not a genius to short the stock there are tons of people already doing it.
Dad in Wargames
Interest rates are relatively low. I think I would have time
Think eod calls tomorrow are the move
Plus HVDC is absolutely a necessity in a 30-40% heightened demand environment
Do whatever the hell you want.  Not like I have to give a shit if you wind up declaring bankruptcy.  Just be sure to get screen shots either way.
Stimulus check pending in my bank account, doesn’t post til Jan. 4th though...mark 1/4/21 on your calendar for the stimmy pump.
turn back while you still can. the fact you made an extremely lighthearted meme before even knowing how to properly read an option genuinely worries me. i don't care what cousin told you about us during the holidays but he probably doesn't care about losing as much as you are about to
There was no volume after like 9:45, it might bleed again tomorrow but maybe first week of Jan it recovers?
🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Go to Shake Shack and use the B1G1 app coupon to celebrate
DKNG implied memability is at 69%.

You all know what to do.
Flipping 1 seat would be a miracle.
Weird flex
7% while it works its problems out.
Adding on FUBO👌🏽
I’m aware, this isn’t a flex on Sir Jack a Lot. But some guy called 10k in CRSR stock a YOLO
🚀🚀🚀
We got this. U run the wheel? How much u earning a week on 800k?
Lmao loving that “SLVer surfer”
I don’t know about that. An infrastructure bill spreads money in all states, who gives a shit about deficits
You get a gold award. 

You get a gold award.

EVERYONE GETS A GOLD AWARD!!!
PSTH should be in multiples of 9 to maximize return, cause you get 2/9ths of a warrant per share. So... 54 shares, not 50.
Most normal, logical, and sane people see that the Democrats got what they wanted in the 600 stimulus and then refused to do any sort of negotiating when the Republicans wanted to go to 2000

GA will remain red; no amount of blabbering by that whale Adams will change this
Pdd
I totally agree with this. Which is why I wanted to post this so there’s less confusion with the dates and a bit of speculation about who could buy up the shares
im a libtard

and i dont think dems can win georgia
No options sorry.... I know it's not much but I bought 15 shares of PIC at 15 so.....
Hahah this is sooooooo true
Isn’t all in on VXX shares the easiest 300% gain ever? Like just hold it until an inevitable crash or correction that shoots VXX up to at least 40
There is a 48 minute delay fetching comments.

I will be messaging you in 2 years on [**2022-12-30 21:08:01 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2022-12-30%2021:08:01%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://np.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/knapes/what_are_your_moves_tomorrow_december_31_2020/ghjcf06/?context=3)

[**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fknapes%2Fwhat_are_your_moves_tomorrow_december_31_2020%2Fghjcf06%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202022-12-30%2021%3A08%3A01%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%20knapes)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|
Gee - H I V
WEN > AAPL
[deleted]
Backdoor Roth ftw
Legit breaking even between Nio gains and GME losses. Need this gang to show up and maximize tendies.
Because you might have to wait a few months for this rocket to blast off
No Chelsea Man City game this weekend tho :(
Tesla doesn't actually have money. They just have a big market cap.
Shit your probably fucked unless daddy musk comes and saves you
SLVer surfer here, been telling wsb to buy in but they are a bunch of morons buying pltr
I'll call the pope and see what I can do.
That's nothing  I bought 750 call exp tomorrow
Why on gods green earth would you exercise those?
It’s possible but certainly not the most likely scenario. The dem drop off in enthusiasm to vote against Trump needs to be less than the R drop off to vote for him. 

With all of this “the fix is in” bullshit, MAYBE that happens. Feels unlikely though.
Me too. I'm getting margin called if we have another big drop lmao.
you don't need TA just use https://twitter.com/elonmusk
sir this is a casino
Hot damn.  Makes me feel better about not buying bitchcoin 6 years ago
If a meme makes me on WSB makes me laugh, I buy the stock. That counts a ms research.
Will give me $6,500 in margin but won’t let me buy any options. Unbelievable that this fits their risk management.
“China Eyes Shrinking Jack Ma’s Business Empire” - WSJ

This headline feels vaguely racist idk
forever
Meme account, but the picture is the real life and legendary Michael Milken.
PSTH to the MOON 🚀🚀🚀
>I had both Schwab and IBKR emailing and CALLING (who the fuck does that?) me to lend my shares.

I would fucking love to hear a recording of this.
Every time  I see fubo I just think of fubar
Which it kinda is now
Let's see.  I like the company. So I think I'll add $100 per share to my target.
Yup I'm fully leveraged in the market
Haven't you heard? The answer to every Democratic argument for the next 4 years is *how are we going to pay for it???* after years of deficits. GOP will obstruct literally everything and they don't really care what the electorate thinks about it.
🚀🚀🚀
Nothing increases the desperation in the $ROPE stories like borrowed money lol.
Lets hope either he is unlucky or Dems win georgia run off. I need to buy 2k worth of fds and turn em into 2 mill!
That’s my plan
No Section 230, no Reddit, dumb ass. 🤡
Uuh, so basically the “you’re fucked” or “tendies” day. I’m kinda afraid
[deleted]
[deleted]
Do it pussy
I was thinking the same, mofos too jumpy on the ol' buy sell
Lul
And they picked a photo from when he came back from the dead
Let's get it 🚀🚀🚀
At least 3 days it sucks. I deleted it after getting the free stock
Maybe he bought in Jan and panic sold at the March crash lol
Go down one more dollar so I can jump back in and then take off to 50 lol, what options do you have?
I'm with you brother, 500 to 800k profit this year, and I'm living off theta gang... #retiregang
I floss with my pubes when I trim them
Average amount of deaths a day pre covid was like 7k.... what ya getting at..
I would argue they need to shift away from brick and mortars. not all of them, of course, but cut maybe the 50% bottom performers, sell those stores to amazon for fulfillment centers, and use the cash to seriously vamp their shipping & supply chain, maybe purchase or lease some warehouses & focus on ecommerce. they could always leave the remaining brick and mortar stores doubling as esports watch parties or some shit
Whoever bought my TSLA $690 call, plz giv it bac
Damn I wish Premier League doesn't get canceled for months like it happened back in March. Weekends would be an absolute nightmare if that happens
Mods are still 🌈, some mods are 🌈er than others but all mods are 🌈
It's okay $T.. you move when you want to.  I have all year.
[deleted]
Post this on Instagram or only fans... shares will skyrocket. 🚀🚀🚀
I may be the only actual boomer on this sub, all in GME, PLTR, NIO leaps and THCB mf'ers.  Love you retards.
Stimulus = universal basic income. Never let it stop.
If these autists could read they'd be very upset
Ah yes. 
Gay shorters vs. us retards. OUR BATTLE SHALL BE LEGENDARY!
Ur right. But its actually easier to make money because its a bull market m8
AAPL would be 30 trillion dollar by then
>such as removing liability exemptions from social media

AKA censoring Twitter so the Snowflake in Chief doesn't get hurt by words.
I've been told next week by others here
[deleted]
#KINDA GROSS THAT SOME OF YOU DONT FLOSS 🤮
Tell me why I shouldn't take out the largest personal loan my bank will give me and throw it all into GME shares
You are getting best selling and most reliable mixed up bud. Do some deep diving on that.
Just got a buzz from 3 corona lol should probably eat some food
If you don’t like speculation, you’re in the wrong place lil homie. 

Go buy some boomer stocks and get the fuck off my porch. 

Or go ahead and do your short. RIP
Can't argue with that logic.
Alright so. Is gnog going to go up tomo? Just bought after hours. Curious if brokerages are not offering the ticker yet or some shit and retards start buying it cause it’s golden nugget. Gnog ticker could have been better. Gnug like jnug. What about nugg.
And Gavin Newsom or Eric Garcetti would go on tv to try and put a positive spin on it 🙄
Nice try sec
My positions 

NIO $47 01/08/21

IPO $70 01/15/21

NIO $46 01/15/21

RIOT $17 01/15/21 

NIO $48.5 01/29/21 

ARKG $102.21 02/19/21

HERO $33 02/19/21
Boys I got a few racks to blow on a stock tomorrow what should I go into?? Corsair?? Apple?? Net??
Audi Lamborghini already owned by VW auto group
You sound like a simp
How about here 

https://i.imgur.com/iMnnlWB.jpg
[deleted]
Mms are gonna cuck u tomorrow
$12 Call January 2023 checking in
[removed]
The guy giving gold probably made millions on retarded shorts. GME FTW
No one got everything they wanted. Dems didn’t get the state and local aid they wanted. Republicans didn’t get their liability shield.
I'm just going to start drinking for NYE now.
Is that guys goal to ingest butane? Like wtf is he even doing
My king. Any guesses on target? I followed you to Purple Town and made solid returns (small compared to you and Matt) - sounds like you’re balls deep on this one too?
The Scarn
https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kn6iy2/its_a_boomer_play_but_its_guaranteed_money_ge/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf

You’re fast lol. You honor me
Be a seller of options then
What ship were you holding while it sank?
this sub is steadily getting darker lol
Please be the bottom XL
This fucking baboon needs to go
[deleted]
They write software used for data analytics and continuous delivery. They have a website and blog. Of course, lots of buzz words and marketing with little discussion of how their tools out perform. For example, [https://medium.com/palantir/palantir-is-not-a-data-company-palantir-explained-1-a6fcf8b3e4cb](https://medium.com/palantir/palantir-is-not-a-data-company-palantir-explained-1-a6fcf8b3e4cb)
What y'all think about going in on FUBO tomorrow?
LOL!
Fuck you! Lol, I'll trade you 45K from my 401K for 43K of your Roth. 🌚🌚🌚
THATS WHAT SHE SAID

That sexual harassment episode is just gold
Missing a lot of BFT
I got sucked into it many times this year. A lesson for 2021.
gambler, not trader
This is indeed a low effort shitpost that should be downvotes, but the point I'm making is that this "huge" run could be just the begining. At the current price the way it is appraised as no common measures with other stocks that are hyped on this sub. 

I've been long on BIDU since the crash about 2 years ago, but this could be the time to shine...
🗣MOVE ON FROM PLTR SHORT TERM
[removed]
And in our kids roths
What this stock needs to be purchased in order to stabilize it imo.
I don't think they will ever be worth it for Tesla unless they can't hit their performance targets. Think about how spartan a model 3 is. Every component cuts into their margin and another sensor in their perception stack adds complexity and development costs dramatically. If they can get it good enough with just cameras they will milk that td dry. I don't see a reason for them to increase costs like this unless a competitor leap frogs them in performance. This could be a big margin advantage for them if they make it work.

Biggest risk though is their bubble bursts and they can't get vision based navigation good enough.
Better than shittin in one in the middle of summer in the South. God what a digusting experience.
Thank you for your service
I think we have an actual retard post here.
It's a dark pool transaction.
I think it’s going to continue dumping. Bought 300 1/8 28C today. Down 20% wish me luck.
MITCH just give us the fucking money you slimy cuck what do you care anyway you have a good 3 years left if you’re lucky
Reminds me of early trade war 2016 days. Got blasted. Up 300% now tho overall
STIC mooning AH???? people calling "pump and dump" on mr. Jack a Lot are actually delusional
So in 3-months or never?
Buying spy puts and then holding over night has to be one of the worst decisions you can make. Sincerely a former🏳️‍🌈🐻
alright but if I have to look at those bastards in my portfolio every day for a year and they declare bankruptcy at the end I'm peeing in your stupid frosted flakes.
I’m balls deep in psth Jan 15 calls
big mouse
Came here looking for a Megamind reference. Feeling disappointed.
oH n0, A nEw ViRuS

The Chadsdaq has gained 47% since covid got here.  It will probably gain another 47% every time we get a new virus.  Bullish
Need SQ to gap up tomorrow or I’m fuk
They are both corrupt pieces of shit
So, uh, TSLA 700c any expiration date are literally free money
"The Wall Street Journal reported that investors borrowed a record $722.1 billion against their investment portfolios through November, citing data from the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, topping the previous high of $668.9 billion from May 2018."

"That is seen as a potential sign that market’s are getting frothy and individual investors may be in for major pain if stocks retreat suddenly."

https://www.marketwatch.com/story/wall-street-pioneer-says-for-first-time-clients-are-net-short-stocks-on-his-platform-11609364170

we did it, WSB!
[deleted]
BABA such a definition dead cat bounce I’m buying puts tmrw
How long do webull wire transfers usually take
All political bias aside. Y’all think Georgia can really flip both seats? The dems are especially underrated especially with a majority people thinking that Mitchy Mitch blocked the stimulus. The Georgia runoffs will take place on Tuesday and I wanna parlay both democrat candidates.
You lost it all, huh?
“IT’S FUCKING RAW!!!!” -???
And thus anyone who held an option to day of expiration was properly served
[deleted]
Why do you hate money?
PLTR 👏 IS👏 NOT 👏GOING👏 TO👏 MOON👏
BAN
BLNK to $0
What happened to meta gang? SLV looking nice
This one is borderline. I was bored by line 2, but you brought me back in with the 🚀
If you're DD is longer than a tweet, I'm not interested.
You can call your broker and exercise them in the next 7-30 min depending on your broker. If you have robinhood lol you’re fucked
Ban
It did come from a retard
went up about a grand lol
Drinking wine and listening to frank sinatra
[removed]
Holding 0dte on NVDA SE. wish we didn’t close like that. Got too greedy. Still have monthlies on both too but would hate for the 0days to be losers
My MS Paint skills are only so good
U are retarded, putting that kindly.
Well with unemployment so high I am surprised to see no mention of real estate at all here.
Yep. I realized that too late. Learning how to make $14 *the hard way.*
His statement doesn't hold water, he's saying that shorts can cover for to the day to day volume without any appreciable rise. I think that does not take into account the added pressure of all that buying against the normal buying and selling trends.
CCIV
It’s a non event. Nobody halfway intelligent ever thought Mitch would go back and approve $2k stimulus.
They sent your taxes to other countries and to lobbyists already 🤡
strong, lets see
It won't
Ye

WSB has been compromised IMO

Stay weary of shills pushing China stocks along with the all Republicans are bad agenda
Same, gonna prolly just put it all on long dated SPY puts 5% above current. I lose about 2k a week anyways on my puts. Every week
Number only go up
My thoughts exactly!!! Can we? Or do we have to wait until April 15th?
Impossible. Jody is a fine gentleman, my dependa confirmed he was only helping plow her garden. Thats all
guh ARKG I have yoloed into you, you must go up now. pleas
I only know what the first and last words mean. But we don’t do puts here.
if you're looking for the stock price graph, do not use google, their graph is all messed up and inaccurate. Use this link here to see an accurate graph https://www.marketwatch.com/investing/stock/mp
You should crop the dollar bill riding on the Nikola truck as it’s rolling downhill haha
Woah you’re telling me you don’t want to see my 🌲.5️⃣0️⃣ gain on a single share of a company that RH gifted me??! HOW DARE YOU!
"greener" means different things to different people. In terms of GHG emissions, diesel is fine. In populated areas, NOx emissions from diesel create smog and adverse health effects. But freight trains and population centers rarely mix.

Railways are already very efficient, regardless of fuel source. Electrifying freight rail isn't exactly a priority but it will happen in due time.
*baby Yoda*
Yes
[removed]
FUSE and FUSE warrants. No news yet, but expect Q1. Check out the management team and feel good about your investment. I was lucky enough to get in on warrants under $1.
Sir this is a casino.
No.
Is GME currently HTB?
patiently waiting for my welfare check to arrive
Sure, if you didn't lose all your money on retarded options
WISH and GOEV competing for shittiest stock of the month
What the actual fuck..
It would be fucking SoCal to report the first case
[deleted]
1. You can do both. You wouldn't normally do it, very rarely would it ever happen, but it is not illegal and is not a form of insider-trading specifically in the United States. It would just be very, very rare. In fact both cases are for obvious (to me) reasons.

2. The same reason banks lend your money: It's cheaper and easier for them to do than to hold as inventory themselves.
Scanners
still pending
Golddd
yeah but its pending
Haha excellent. I was hoping someone would catch it.
Some of you all have never had to shit in a porta potty in sub freezing temperatures and it shows
Only when your mom walks by
Battlestar gallactica
[deleted]
Stop playing PLTR??
I don’t. What I do know is every time I buy puts I lose, and every time I buy calls they print. That being said still gonna buy ZM 330 puts expiring 1/8 at market open tomorrow.
Down -20% overall today. Fuck.
If you bought 10-20k in calls you could’ve retired already👀
u/zjz 🚀🚀
There have been many posts I've wanted to make that don't easily fit into any category.

For example, once the new year starts I want to make a "1 Year, 100% ROI Challenge" kinda post. It will begin with a trade and discuss a trading stategy I'm going to attempt for a year, but doesn't really fall under YOLO or DD or anything like that. I guess "Discussion" is the catch-all for any weird shit.
I as well
April 17c, checking in and holding through earnings. Reporting and anus prepped and ready. Only up 70% now.
coding with flowchart was too hard for me, how do i read this? Please help.
Think he's on vacation
But I want money now...
[deleted]
This is inspiring
This thread is hilarious
Up 80% on those 1dte TSLA 750c’s and didn’t sell, I might actually be retarded
[removed]
That and they're releasing a new show every few weeks starting in 2021 in regards to the MCU. Like as that becomes more and more a reality, assuming Wandavision isn't absolutely terrible, we should see Disney stock rise.

Or in other words,  🚀🚀🚀 .
Because, while he didn't have the high ground per say... He took a leap. They underestimated his power. Now he is the master. The circle is now complete.
Just breathe
[deleted]
A true retard. He could have played theta gang till the end of time with that kind of cash.
Boomer.
He can even beat his dick without getting a papercut
Why would he buy that steaming pile
if it works i will give u all 3 of my testicles
How does it work when you don’t have enough money to buy those shares during excercise?
At least selling early nets you money.
When will ZM stop being such a lifeless turd
[deleted]
Underrated one I haven't seen on here a lot is FCAU (Chrysler). Boomer stonk w/ super low IV (meaning cheap options) despite being on a sustained run, still below most analyst price targets, and still far from its ATH a few years ago. ATM or slightly OTM leaps would be a good play, and you'll probably be able to exit early for a profit in the next few months. Check it out
Wtf are shares?
Can we put 6k more in our Roth’s next week?
You’re doing great sweetie!
[removed]
Why do you think they'll hit hard tomorrow?
Calls on AZN. UK is gonna have the whole country vaccinated and COVID free by March, meanwhile 5k americans will be dying per day.
Evil laugh
What companies? I know Tesla has contracts with the largest battery producers and builds it's own factories because there aren't enough batteries in the entire world to supply them. So someone would need to build factories to supply other EVs if those EVs want to scale at all.

And if they're planning in being immediately profitable, how much are they charging exactly? That implies more money than I was thinking, though maybe Mexico is the extra profit margin. 

The idea they won't have production issues is silly, they already have had production problems - it was delayed.   Volkswagon had issues too, it's not like being huge saves you. 

Last, and least important, they won't steal any market share from Tesla. The EV market is not separate from the car market. More likely, they'll sell to customers who are Ford customers in the first place, but want an EV. So they get a Mach E instead of a Cobra.
Sorry I didn’t realize, my straddles were going to screw everyone
I wish my girlfriend would deepthroat like this :(
What am I gonna do until market open??
Papa Cohen
Terrible idea.  Jesus people don’t understand Tesla.
Interesting because from my POV, it looks like the Democrats don't want to play ball after getting everything they wanted in the 600 bill
No it's because your getting them too late in most instances.
[removed]
Can I order a large soda, a frosty, and some fries?
Literally I'm making a joke about that Mitch is such a smug asshole he probably thinks he's the good guy - nothing more
Acreage is practically an option play on cgc too. Look into it. Could bring big gains instantly.
People just see a cheap software company with gov contracts and want to ride Peter Thiels hopes and dreams rocket cock. 

It might actually be good software too. Don't think I've ever come across an analyst on here that has actually used it though. Where the Morgan Stanley cucks at to spill the beans on Foundry functionality?
Switch the display colors for gain and loss on your charts. it's an accessibility feature for colorblind folks but I guess it'll work for you moneyblind fuckers as well
I'm still down by about 2k for the year so that's a tax break right? 😂
And the spread is wider then your gaping asshole after bald bull finishes in you every night
Is it possible :-(
Motley fool recco
8th grade called. They want their insult back.
General EV hype and the fact that people are recognising these are real competitors to the big boy Tesla. And Nio day
AAPL will continue its drop tomorrow to make all the options worthless then moon on Monday back to ath. "Free Market"
Johnny Cash version is just as sick as NIN
My move is to buy low and sell high 😉
Hits me right in the feels
Come on it’s one more day in 2020. Hang up.
pleas
i gotta say, tsla following the post inclusion charts prerty well. dont think itll be so easy next week but took account +60%
Im tired of seeing 🐢 man's face on the front page of cnbc 😫
>No one is better positioned for large scale hydrogen contracts than FCEL right now.

This is an unjustified argument, and none of the purportedly positive business developments have showed up in financial performance at all.  The argument that the Paris agreement will be bullish for this company in particular is speculative at best.  I believe in alternative energy, but this is a bad company and they will continue to dilute shareholders and underperform as they have for decades.  They just happened to catch a bid during EV froth.
this is the way
So is run up to earnings the play next month?
Positions?
[deleted]
grabbed some uvxy today
even their innovative product doesn't make their current share price a fair evaluation. to be fairly valued to all else they currently need to multiply their revenue by about 60 times. in what universe are they going to do that any time soon.
$600 million?? Maybe in cash. Dudes worth like $80 billion EDIT: I’m a retard
As I look through it, every one of their vehicles are top rated and minimum "great" in every category.  Ford has like half the dependability awards lol.
Anyone gotten their stimmy yet?
its not a lot but it's honest work
Either my portfolio crashes into the ground like the 2019 737 MAX or flies high like the 2020 737 MAX tomorrow

BA pleas fly again, I've got next year's Christmas leveraged
That's indeed a buy order!
Herp derp, positions: $6.50 12/31 x27 $7 12/31 x18

I was hoping to get a lot more $7 filled at 0.02 but I think this post may have stolen my tendies from me
As an ancient 30 year old with ~9 years of retirement investments seperate from retard accounts, being down 35% was pretty wild earlier this year. So much fear in the news and the market. JPow really saved us all.
Praying Hong Kong pumps baba to the moon... please
I bought 700 calls, pray for jesus
When Pelosi combined the measly $600 stim check with hundreds of millions in foreign pork, peeps started lining up to suck her clit.  When Mitch combines the $2,000 stim check with other US initiatives (such as removing liability exemptions from social media), peeps start calling for his head.
[removed]
I hear ya. I think over the course of a few years we may see triple digit % returns. But that’s probably just my hope talking lol
I did a bunch of 25c/30c 3/19’s yesterday based upon similar logic.  The beauty of spreads is that they don’t fluctuate significantly in price.  It’s a theta-like play.

Just do the math between them to measure out the risk/reward you’re going for.
Cobra Kai? [https://twitter.com/TidefallCapital/status/1344058813507379200](https://twitter.com/TidefallCapital/status/1344058813507379200)
Also...someone sold 3 million PLTR shares! 3 million shares traded...means there was a buyer and a seller
Just gonna loss harvest and ask Cathie to help me out I guess
Never used them, but any platform that offers you no fees is making money somehow. Places like this you are not the customer you are the commodity that they are selling. 

They sell your user data, trades etc to the banks and real traders. Don’t believe me try getting Robinhood customer service. It will take six months. I use tasty works I can get in touch with a human any time, my app/ trading platform never goes down and the interface is better. Sure it costs me a few pennies but to me it’s worth it
NIU
Dam how many shares u buy?
Damn all I had to do was buy 10k-20k shares of JMIA in March, chump change would've been over $400k-800k now.
He should know better than to challenge WSB lol
Not sure about that.. same story with PLTR everyday. AH or morning pump followed by selloff.
Agree. I need to read a bit but might throw around 10k into shares and just hold
I’ve never felt an image this much
Does 43c mean you have a strike price of $43 for your call that expires in March?
not even millionaires can buy brka on the regular
I'm a simple man, I see Nathan For You; I upvote
So like...

OPEN calls.

That's about the extent of my argument. Thanks for listening
no path to realistically pass it??  You just put it to a vote and it will pass dick head
kill me.
01/22 120p for DASH seems ok?
AAPL > TSLA
Hey you're still in the tens of dollars, mine worth about tree fiddy
Ohh unrealized. Goodluck diamond hands
Pumping after the output news?
SPY immediately went green AH when McConnell said no stimulus basically just now. 🤣🤣
He is the TicketMaster of politics. He was picked specifically so he can take all the heat for horrific policies while giving cover to all the people under him, exactly like you’re seeing with the $2k checks. Republicans don’t want them. Mitch blocks it so they have cover and don’t have to vote no. He was picked because he’s from bumfuck Kentucky where no one will ever vote him out, not because the whole party respects him as a “leader”. Pick up a fucking newspaper once in awhile before you start calling people stupid.
Slightly bolder than me. I got 300c 1/22
Easy now, this guy gets butt hurt when you say bad things about Ford. Then deletes the comments lol
Im gonna start trying this
400 dollars for 5k loss potential.

Thanks bruh.
When is toilet paper earnings? Calls
Nice I got another 25 shares market close
Well march and April calls will be all set
Ask j Pow
What’s the worse feeling - selling early and missing huge gains or missing the top and watching your options go from huge gains to borderline worthless
I've been long on BIDU, but I agree, low effort post with no actual information after a huge run.
Why would they consider that
1.7 mil lol that’s enough dd
Could go up or down, those are my best guesses
Yeah Fr I thought about buying around 11$ and never saw that again
You would think their audience was mostly wfh/unemployed robinhood traders
I believe you would then be considered to be on margin, since it sounds like your holdings would be technically bought on loan by RH
If you aren’t buying A M C you ain’t black
42p 1/15. Might buy more for 2/19
[deleted]
Yea SHUTUP. Most of times dips get bought. Unless a huge crash coming
Ss pk which is gonna be weedmaps is my fav play in that dpace
It's just a bunch of bullshit. Even if some rich people did get 2k, who fucking cares? A vast majority of people who will be getting will have been struggling and need it.
It’s in the constitution 54th amendment ‘yey turn on ye printer to favor our people and their fortunes’
-Every bear since April
[removed]
When people stop buying OTM weekly call options and buy shares instead.
Just check here daily someone will tell you
The F150 and Mustang are the two highest rated vehicles in their class consistently lol.  Wut.
Add 1 run a week to my workout plan (which has been mostly strength training or whatever I can strength train at home lately)
Only drink when I'm with friends
Stretch after working out
I don’t want to buy stocks that ran up 300% this year, and with today’s valuations BB is way undervalued considering all the partnerships they have, I’m going to add heavily to my position and if it doesn’t move and stays low I will load up on shares over the course of the months. I believe it’s just a matter of time before major investors start piling into this one.
[removed]
ill get my results any moment now so well see
[deleted]
I have no idea what the feather game is, but if I had a dark souls bonfire to keep restarting I would gladly pay nearly all I have and get to work with the rest.
I sold 12/31 700Cs at ~693. Not even gonna look tomorrow.
Any SPAC’s out there I’m not too late to join in on? Already in on the thicc 🐝
It also is, if you're selling puts.
LMAO...
🚀
This is why I love you.

You think it would be a position to enter tomorrow? Or is current price too high?
Thought today was Thursday
Probably where my stimulus is going lol
Hahaha, 125,654 shares of SPY bought at $371.25 = $46 mil, AH trade
Tesla 2022 exp 800 calls?
Someone sold equal amount of that stock.
Yeah I’m moving on to the next meme stock. Can some retard please give me 3 or 4 random letters so I can invest what’s left of my money
you can buy other things that you didn't sell i believe, jan is usually pretty good but who knows in 2021 the first few weeks could get nuts depending on mango-man
[removed]
yup
Ah, thanks will do some research thanks
Could be a massive short squeeze tho. Either way it’s a short term trade for me I know jpm is manipulating the silver market
[removed]
Someone is going to buy them out... just a matter of time

Or govt. bailout/PPP loan
EV adoption will drive necessity of everything I’m writing here. That’s consumer preference pushing the first domino over
Someone just sold 3 million shares of PLTR right before closing.
Lol, you guys never learn.
Tesla should consider buying Ferrari and Audi (that includes Lamborghini), and BMW in an all stock deal. Tesla would literally get on a SpaceX rocket to mars and reach $10k.
Make some tendies
NET, DOCU, PSTG.
Tea leaves
I have no idea how Lemonade rose like a goddamn Phoenix on the pure fact they added more shares to the pool and didn’t sell immediately. I give it another week.
Who's in on MARA?
McConnell says no additional stimmy. Market will obviously be up 2% tomorrow. 

https://twitter.com/axios/status/1344399630994341888?s=21
Same
[removed]
In the same screenshot you can see me selling my one share at a 30% loss.
How do you know when to buy FDs?
For what it’s worth, I was one of the first to have the new generation mustang in my area in 2015. I ordered it custom as soon as I found a dealer that would let me. Waited 9 months but it was cool as hell.

Anyway, I’ve had it for 6 years / 60k miles. Zero mechanical issues. In fact the only thing that has gone wrong is my trunk latch broke. Just sharing my experience with a recent Ford first year model.
Sure! I can make you 50k by tomorrow. Just need your RH login. No options plays either.
https://www.marketwatch.com/story/videogames-are-a-bigger-industry-than-sports-and-movies-combined-thanks-to-the-pandemic-11608654990
[removed]
Wtf. He just approved $700 billion of pork that’ll go to Sudan, etc.

$600 per person is $200 billion. Mitch is a fucking cuck
Call me Bob because im betting on billy
Biggest fails: Had call options in nio expiring 2022 with a call price of 3$ 🥺. Sold at 6$
Welcome back zjz! Glad you came back!
"borrowed money"  Bitch that's my taxes and considering all the shit that was shut down this year they owe me some money back.
i survived the christmas massacre
Shout out to the king who could only afford 1 share
TL;DR: Buy LEAPs for something that may or may not happen 20 years from now.


Nah I'm good bro

If you want to play this shit just sit on common and let them figure it out on their own schedule.
Same
I'm just going to post this everywhere, to benefit the few who will look into it:

Sell cash secured puts.
props bro. 🙏
why it red after hours? hopefully it 🚀 tomorrow i got 5 calls which is a lot for me lol
[removed]
$21.45 seems reasonable which is what that contract currently is
What's a good TSLA option that $600 or lower??
Shoulda thrown the farm at RIOT on dip
Do it
I had to help you retards out 🚀🚀🚀
[deleted]
It’s not gay if you are not caught.
Better pay that loan off and save some for taxes
I am upset
This shit looks fake as hell idc how retarded you are you don’t get a single order fill at that size
Bruh
He clearly is if he's the fucking senate majority leader you dolt. His peers chose him. Lol unsurprising you retards also can't understand satire though
[removed]
Best of luck 💪
Today I learned the unemployed are “democrats rich friends”. Weird he didn’t feel bullied into the $1 trillion tax cut for the rich that all got racked onto the national debt.
look at the open interest 40c 1/15/21 ):
"Just when I thought I was out...they pull me back in"

\- zjz
This. There is so much retail buying option I’m making a killing selling them. It make no sense why anyone would buy TSLA 1200c but they don’t give a shit. They think the 300$ yolo is going to turn to 30k.
[removed]
Same
Congrats go buy some nuggies
[removed]
How do you look up current stock trades? For instance someone just spent over $75million on Costco stocks and I saw an alert about that from a bot. How do I look that up myself??
Both my parents had “a stomach bug” just like you. Don’t think it’s food poisoning...
then they also have free weeks for paid content all the time.
Big oof
If you're a millionaire, buying any BRK.A dips literally cannot go tits up
This is stupid.
Anyone else heard the rumor about Elon buying Diamler? They're talking about it on CNBC tv right now as a longshot prediction for next year.
Are you saying leaps may be unreliable to make money in PLTR? u/sentinel-ex u/I3lackcell
Keep lickin those boots
🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Bought a fist full of BIDU today, to the fucking moon boys 🚀
Yeah that’s what I was thinking, selling some puts for a nice fat premium
Is it margin because I was waiting for the deposit to fully go through on a cash account?
>Karp big interview with Washington Post on Jan 7 about Covid tracking and tracing. Here's your catalyst except its gonna go up.
💎👐
did they say when next test flight is? in for 40 shares
Just aim for financial freedom. Everything else is cherry on the top with marginal increases in happiness
This guy likes Cats
Never in this great land 🇺🇲
If you wanna play clean energy dont forget QCLN

ICLN is for international stocks while QCLN is more US based. If the Dems win GA I think QCLN would soar
Sounds good👌
[deleted]
[deleted]
Exactly sounds like he is upset that he was trading on margin (credit given while waiting for a bank transfer) the bank transfer failed and is upset that they wanted their money back because to them it looked like he had no money in the account to cover the credit they extended.
cc means selling calls?
🤗😭
I haven’t travelled the world but I travel a lot.  Really depends on how you do it.  Central South America, South east Asia - you can live like a king for 50k.  Singapore, Monaco, Dubai - well 50k ain’t shit.
lets do ittt!!
and by boy, you mean the entire fucking show.
Has nothing to do with liquidity problems lol...obviously no one is going to want to buy options at a bad price
Haha lol. Sowwy m8
I like you.
Sir this is a casino
The fact that PLTR ended green today after jumping off a cliff is a VERY GOOD sign.
[removed]
[deleted]
nah its a legit ass company thats got so much room for growth. pump and dump for now but its a good hold or leap
Not buying enough ARCT
That sucks
[removed]
r/okbuddyretard
This moron on CNBC predicting tsla will buy Daimler.  Give me a break, this guy is clueless.
sold my tsla calls waaaaaay to early today. O well money is money
Calls on Jesus’s resurrection 2021c 4/4
[deleted]
Who else is playing the $CGC/$WEED & $TLRY game? looks like dems will win the Georgia elections. than 2 years blue chambers.
Medium term to long term bullish for sure. But naturally when you sell 6M shares, stock goes down lol
[deleted]
Get a new house, get better at trading, take better care of myself.
What a fucking joke McConnell

https://twitter.com/Acosta/status/1344396118822682624
[removed]
 🚁  🚁  🚁  🚁  🚁  🚁  🚁  🚁
🚀
Definitely changing. And all my boys are getting into investing. Even my girlfriends boyfriend. Gonna let them know to never trust robinhood
Most things here are. Money is money and it s been sweet
Stonks only go up. Stocks often go down. You bought the wrong thing.
Funny thing to bring up since Netflix got squeezed out of their original business model and are focusing on their in-house content for a growth strategy. They're a content creator with their own distribution channel.

Now, what product does GameStop create? Oh yeah, that's right. Nothing.
^ tell me you follow wsb without saying you follow wsb
how about getting 2 bn capitalization ($30), peacefully coexisting with amzn wmt and what not because gaming industry grows and console cycle favours?

and this is without ifs, which are squeeze opportunity, cohen case and omnichannel sherman shit
[removed]
At least it beat $90s ass back in November. I think it’s got $90.89 written on it here tomorrow, then a dip at close and maybe $95 by 1/8. Wishful thinking though
Can't wait for liftoff🚀🚀🚀
Fuck PENN
Absolutely eat that butt
Biden bro
Good shit! Weight wise I’m about the exact same with you. We got it
No. You didn’t say he feels he’s well respected, you said he is well respected. Everyone knows he is a gigantic tool fighting for the aristocrats at the expense of everyone else. He is most certainly not well respected.
Hes down 0.002%
Yeah you’re welcome to those who were long
This is the way
Shorting DIS and AAL, jfc that is retarded.
No one cares anymore.
GME is the next RadioShack i don’t get the hype at all. Trash company imo
bankruptcy bullish
it wiped its own gains and some other gains from my portfolio lmao fuck the MMs.
Why did you buy options on a meme stock after WSB pumped and dumped it?
Don’t know what GME is, don’t care. I’m all in just to spite the cho-mo in the blue suite.
damn missed out on todays trading day because i think i had food poisoning, got covid tested just in case
Lol that’s what I thought.
It's memes like this that keep me holding. We're gonna make history motherfuckers! 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀
just got off the phone with my wife's boyfriend to congratulate him on the big purchase
Steel gang
In GME and PLTR and I conclude - the shorts are more powerful than us.

Never challenging Main Street again. 

“tHe sQuEeZe is NeIgH” 😒
Love you!
Stop being upset you ain’t getting $2k stimi check and be upset you are not getting a $8,000 check. We need to print more, it’s our only hope
Tenner no doubt
I just buy shares
Up 30% on 400c 1/20/22
[removed]
I don't know why everyone isn't investing in PSTH at this point
Better I guess ha
Not so sure, you might get a **semi-** by then, and media pundits are mildly favorable towards T as the dollar weakens. T is an inflationary hedge, but has 🚀 potential, unfortunately not in your timeframe.
Long live ZJZ
[removed]
What does that usually mean for the stock?
Iv?
BUY HIGH SELL LOW
Friendly advice: Robinhood is trash and makes blood money off your trades. I know the UI is nice but move to any normie brokerage and you'll face far fewer issues
GAMERS ALWAYS WIN!!!
Up 69.420% these past three months.
Interactive brokers is my favorite. Any issues with them?
Pleas fly again
Bro I realize that I have gains or losses whenever I open my robinhood app. 🤔
[removed]
Fcel is going to run up to $14 and bleed back to $10 again. It did the same thing from $7 to $11 for a week or two before the last offering.
Yeah, ███ got pumped hard. RH cancelling your stuff might be a good thing, I'm sure they'll dump it soon.
I vowed I wouldn’t go back to trading options on the spy. Here I am with 12/31 372 C’s. Gonna love when tomorrow comes and I see I’m down 40% bc I’m an autist who thinks it’ll hit 373+ tomorrow. 🤡🤡🤡
I’ll take your money too thanks bro
If you need help with the bukkake goal lmk
No but I did fuck your mom at a holiday inn last night.
Fish and chips for dinner
[removed]
Really. What do you base this on? A couple of good days?
Nah just high and confused. We usually have more variety
I'd like to get my RH account to 100k. I'd like to get back down to 180 lbs (235 in November, 217 last I checked at thanksgiving). I'd like to keep my job.
I also may have a good time. Sir, this is a casino
Less than 2 weeks
when you buy.
I did make money today, but still haven't recovered to the Dec 23 high
Easy reply: because the above option pricer is incorrectly configured.  Long reply: the forward is mispriced because QS is hard to borrow and the associated cost is not taken into account.
Where did the Subway rumor come from anyway? I know it's out there but thought there was nothing concrete behind it other than possible mature unicorns privately held and Ackmans previous go with Burger King.
He really think we only have 100 dollars lmfaooooo these old fukers finding out about WSB are killing me
https://imgur.com/gallery/ZquaO9G

It’s gonna happen.
When I'm deep in the red every moment of joy feels stolen and every moment of pain feels earned
[removed]
The Stand !! Love this show
I’m in this picture and I don’t like it
BABA leaps right now feel like free money
yes
[removed]
My roommate. He's going to gamble it. I tried getting him to sign up for Robinhood...
Time frame?
A lot of retards got cucked by XL just because a other retard posted that he is all in in XL
BIDU shoots up 12.5% today. 

Retard posts a retardsd DD on how its gonna moon. 

WSB is happy.
thx
Im with you, this really popped a few days ago  
I want to let it cool off before throwing some cash at it, I think BarkBox is gonna make mad money off all the basic bitches that love their pets
*once a year
Sold my BIDU 205 yday for .61
[deleted]
Whoa easy that's not my opinion just speculating that's how he feels on the inside
Yes but it was experiment. Now I understand liquidity problems in options market
you jerked off mid day today too?
BiliBili is like youtube for Asia lol. Why isn't there more hype for it.
Wow. Waiting for another dip before buying more
NIO don’t care about your valuations. NIO just keeps fucking charting 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
The inverse of this will happen thanks
I'd party with her and her cuck husband.
PLTR and NIO and that’s about it I’m afraid.
Damn homie this is dumb as fuck
Woooooo!
Ran out of buying power on my main account so I had to resort to using Robinhood to trade. Hit the PDT limit, so I just said fuck it and scalped all day on it since it’s going to get restricted tomorrow anyways.
ICLN, ARK ETFs, and QQQJ
Lose another $20 on BB. That's all I can lose, my calls are all at $.02 😞
what’s new that i dont know babe
How can you run a business, yet ask such retarded questions? Wtf lol
$7000 take it or leave it
Spce is where it's at mofo
Mitch the type of guy to suck at his job, be elected by dumb folks in his state, sit on hundreds of bills that never get voted on and shit on Americans by killing the 2k stimulus bill.
He knows my 43c is expiring in March so he’s looking out for me
oh god. not again
BBY 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
I didn’t say anything about not being huge sellers. I meant anyone who is concerned about the reliability/ quality of a car will sit out the first year for kinks to be worked out. 

I’m not knocking your play or DD, I just found #5 to be a huge reach. 

But regarding the sales of Tesla Models, when they came out, they were “different & unique” not just in the electric sense. 

It was also a status thing, and carried certain appeals to it. 

In fact, they still do. Hell I have no use for a truck but I’d drive the cybertruck as a flex. In a way, driving a Tesla was a flex and still can be seen that way.


What’s the appeal of the Mach E? The middle aged dad who can’t get a sports car but still want the mustang name?

Just on their naming f up and convention, Ford rubbed a lot of hardcore fans the wrong way.
This console cycle is incredibly strong. Saw the guidance for ~17M PS5 alone just in CY2021. Already 4M shipped. GME is getting a piece of that. They're 100% in the clear until spring 2022. After that, who knows.
Oh yeah? Autists unite. Form of aggressive self-sabotaging pump. Let’s send GME to the moon and Ron Howard’s hardly mentioned, even less physically attractive 3rd brother back to his underground sewer lair.
Username checks out
[deleted]
Somebody buy 200 shares of PLTR. The next sell is at $25.19
flying out to AAPL headquarters to cuck Tim Cock like he did me today
that seems the wrong way round somehow
Buy calls at 10, puts at 14ish. Will work until it doesn’t.
[deleted]
Always red but 2 minutes of a big green hulk cock per week.
I’ll be drawing RMDs and still be earning gains off this, followed by my widow and kids enjoying the fruits of this tree. Will be buying dips as often as I can.
Everyday this week has been red. Starting Monday 4300. Today 2800. What the fuck am I doing wrong
Jan 21st inauguration lmao
Disney being worth $100B more than Comcast in todays universe is just insanity.

Plz pump CMCSA
i have april calls and my god the IV and theta crush has been nuts down 50% arleady
My robinhood account shows a clear as day cup and handle pattern. Tendies incoooooomin'
Assraped? Not yet. I have some 1/8 22 puts that I sold, and I am keeping my cool. Sort of.
According to my calculations you sir are a degenerate
Open by Easter!
fractional shares my dude
wut
what are some safe and profitable leaps other than ICLN, ARK ETFs, and QQQJ?
🚀
2020 bored Covid drinking and Celebration drinking are very different!!! Lmao
How could you possibly fuck it up
* $3000
[removed]
Guys is AMC our potential HERTZ?
I found Mitch’s secret account. Nobody is this fucking stupid in real life.
Why not be real with her

+ flattered that she asked for your number

+ too busy for a relationship

+ but down to hang out once in a while

Then make sure to keep it light

+ If she was not interesting to you, would you have given out your digits?
All my money already in PLTR lmfao on the 35c feb & March calls
waiting for SBE to take back off, been very wavy, getting some nice gains, then buying the dips, got back in but not sure if we will get another wave before merger
new lockdowns??
What you mean?
Oh okay that’s fine whatever money they want I will pay. Taxes are the main reason why I didn’t use any of the money yet I think for 2021 I’m going to start paying quarterly taxes and put my stocks under a llc.
We have the same goals
This is exactly why any noob friendly community is complete shit. Glad wsb exists
[removed]
[deleted]
Please baba fly
Thanks I misread that. Yeah it’s when they report earnings ending 12/31. Time to buy them back!
Guess everyone in CA is gonna get 🇬🇧captain trips
So was today rotation into TSLA?
I hurt myself today...
Achtually it would be https://www.google.com/search?q=amiretarded
This is what we look like after joining WSB.
VALE $17 3/19c got swept at the closing bell
There’s only 1 mod.
[deleted]
Is there something I don’t know or am I actual retard?
What don't we understand? What's the reason you all think this stock is going up? When all the buzz first started everyone was mentioning gaming consoles (which aren't profitable). All the games are sold digitally now. 

I'm all ears if someone wants to explain why they think GME has a future but I've not heard a convincing argument yet. 

I'm convinced everyone thinks it's going to go up because too many autists are screaming about how it's going to go up.
Sadly you’re probably right. But this is the way.
Anyone get the 600 buckos yet?
Eat the 2s ass
Fuck that evil turtle bitch
Where?!! Where’s the numbahs bitch?!! Show me the evidence of a 68% error rate?!!!  Why the fuck would a company sell A machine with that high of a error rate and all of a suddenly out of all the elections that we’ve had there is suddenly massive voter fraud. Does that make sense to you? Get trumps dick out of your mouth and start using common sense
AAPL keeps rallying only to get chopped off with big block trades. Dragged it down 2 straight days. You assholes profit taking is my buying opp. Thanks retards. Sell by 1-29 with earnings. So I get to ride the bump on your list gains.
Mother fucker insulted the whole sub, I might actually buy some shares for my contribution.
Do you own a Wendy's?
open to close
Profit is profit
Pump and dump
[removed]
The fact that you have to ask tells me everything I need to know about you
Probably a limit sell at $420.69
New here. What does DD stand for?
Been playing puts since the first lockup expiry 2 weeks ago, seems like big money is pinning the price to 300 very hard. Wouldn't expect a big red day tomorrow, but next Thursday & Friday will be a bloodbath. 300p 1/8, 290p & 275p 1/15
Shout out to TD Ameritrade for removing my PDT restriction with a simple message to them.
You happy now sheesh

https://i.imgur.com/KSyKyPE.jpg
It’s going to $2000
Forget the Tesla. Buy a decent used vehicle for $10k, and put the other $25k to FDs.
Hold strong my potentially paper-handed compatriot. I have seen many ups and downs since I joined this retard-rally back in August, but even still my account is green ONLY because of GME. The train is slow to start and difficult to stop.
Buy 2022 calls, not weeklies
these companies are going to be at the next ev bubble level.

Guess who already knows that? 

My mama Cathie
[deleted]
my monthiles sure do hope so
#Everything hurts
Fuck yeah brotha! 😎
The Paris Climate Agreement for one. 

Also, check out what they’re doing for Toyota in Long Beach CA. 

Carbon capture and bury for XOM globally as they are held to account by multiple countries for their emissions. 

They’re in bed with the DOE as well. 

They only floundered because no one was willing to ween themselves off cheap oil. That’s changing now. Globally.

No one is better positioned for large scale hydrogen contracts than FCEL right now.
do a bukkake

win a yolo
Day 273 of 15 days to flatten the curve.
I don’t see how the two are related.  Cant you do both?
Holding too.
Mitch the type of guy to have a life long career in public service, be well respected by his peers, and sleep easily feeling he makes the tough decisions that keep us safe and prosperous
[removed]
[deleted]
This is why I'm steel gang. You can't pop steel it's hard af
welcome back boss, obligatory mods r gay <3
Take profit and use a stop loss. Was up $10k and back to what I started with.
SellTheDip™️
Wrong sub idiot
Finish college, expand my small business, get a secure 9-5, pray to JPOW the yolo I’m building prints.
Work hard and play hard dude.
positions or ban?
piss coming from my ass
I’m small fish
Literally just buy weeklies on every TSLA dip and you’ll make $50 per minute
Please friend....I've been pissing in your punch bowl for two years and now you want to complain about the taste?

$JD: 100c 2/19, 105c 3/19
RIP PLTR
just hold long bro, dont look at your account every day
Melvin would like to be your new gay bearfriend.
[deleted]
Another Gd bean bag commercial on CNBC
Man i hate watching cramer. Old fool sounds like the odd couple except they suck. David is the straight G, puts up with all the shit and doesnt have an attitude. Hes the real man. 
Cramer is a weathered old fool, his comments seek attention so much its pathetic. Like watching a dying influencer on instagram.
Underrated comment right here 👆
They look like a copy cat canoo but targeting the Middle East and Europe. No merger as of yet but one of the speculated companies is REE automotive. They are big in Israel. Also look at the volume today.
They have time to turn it around. The question is whether the same crew that steered it straight towards the iceberg for the last 10 years is too fucking stupid to turn it around now that the iceberg is 200 yards away.
My bad. Took a dab for my depression.
My advise take a prostitute. They cost less than a gf or wife
That's definitely my goal if I can ever speak to past me.
dont short DIS. streaming gets a much better multiple than parks.
we all paper sometimes
anyone getting asssssraped with PLTR options my god its been brutal
[deleted]
[removed]
AMD is going to skull fuck bears. More info to follow!
Dividend investing is a fools game as many of them are currently underwater on thier investment.
Board is ded
You forgot the rockets 🚀🚀🚀
“NEW YORK (AP) — Walmart apologized Wednesday for a tweet that called Sen. a sore loser.”

Intern is going back to Starbucks and will be championed a hero on social media. Calls on SBUX.
Your last chance to get in NIO and Xpeng for huge gains is about to pass gentlemen. Get in tommorow, next week it’s blowing up for real all it’s doing now is recovering. Big money enters in next week
It's only like that because people buy preorders without thinking
i second this ^
I dont like the stonks meme
Bilibili is my new play
Something that rhymes with titcoin
Jd? How about bili baidu and PDD. Is that just Baba blood or what
Why do that when I can have some retard do it for me
Futures will max down red on lockdowns
What exactly did you buy?
Same calls here.  Down 50%  luckily only got $2500 invested.  Holding fuck it
Thanks homie you're a real one 😤
😂😂😂😂
[deleted]
[removed]
PLTR setting up for another drop tomorrow. Simply a breather day
Holy shit...you’re really bad at this. You’re going to go long the shit company with no customers in a dying industry but go short the single most promising company in the entire market that is going to become the biggest, most powerful media company in history. Good luck sir. I’ll be on the opposite side of your trades if you need to find me.
[deleted]
I misspelled PLTR as plug
You are gonna short Disney long term when Disney plus is expected to exceed Netflix subscriber numbers in the next two years and their core movie and amusement park business will come back as the population gets vaccinated?
It'll break $11 alright. It done so before just never holds above it. Probably see a run up to $14 again in March. But further off is questionable.
How does "celebrate weekly" go with drinking less ? How truly belong here boiii
I hope so
Give me some of your 2021 goals boys. Gonna kill it this year. Mine = tesla purchased, 10-12% body fat(I drank way too much this year), celebrate small wins weekly to keep up positivity (probably leading me to drink a lot this year too)
Anyone else see that 2.7M share buy on FSR?
[deleted]
TSLA either going to $1,000 or $100 no in between
[removed]
Thanks
There is $800M of stimulus money devoted toward recovering the domestic supply chains of REE development.  $MP is a recipient of some of this money and the greatest benefactor 

Source: https://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-mining-congress-idUSKBN29424R
Literally or rhetorically? Since you're probably too retarded to use google, I guess I can help you...

 **Alteryx**, **Trifacta**, IBM Watson Studio, and Altair Monarch are the most popular alternatives and competitors to Palantir Foundry. 

Palantir's top **competitors** include Tyler Technologies, Verint, Tableau Software, Splunk, Mu Sigma and Cognizant.

Long PLTR, but not sure whether the hype is about their tech or the belief the shares are currently undervalued compared to their competitors.
What they don’t know is the value of the stock will decrease, the dividend is priced in.
hey IRS, this one right here
[removed]
Bald mf said $100 account, bitch im in the back of the short bus with 100 shares GME 💯
like pumping a post bankrupt htz to 7 dollars when it should have been worth 0
Agree. He should be executed for treason. His wife is a China plant.
Let me guess, someone stole your sweet roll
Here is an upvote for you!
It’s personally my favorite anime, some people don’t like the art style, it looks like a cross between an anime and a American cartoon but the story is great.
[removed]
Good day to buy puts
If she said the name of my business.... id give up all my LEAPS on PLTR.
What do think about my 13 c Mar 19 21? Going to print?
I just realized CRM has stayed the exact same since December 2. Would $ROPE if I held it through
I can personally confirm: tmrw PLTR moon mission
Market closed Friday
I was told there'd be tendies :/
I still don't see positions, and looks like for 90% of the year you were down 50% lol
Anyone posting more than 3 sentences doesn’t fucking belong here we don’t have the attention span to read your bullshit DD
Republicans won’t let Biden pass shit, trump will be back in 2024 and shut down any aspirations the US has to be green.
Yea I’m just waiting for some headwinds to clear. NY will announce a lockdown at any time and first week of January is the senate runoff and OPEC raising output again. After that i might enter again
Lol why tf do you think we yolo options bro
I want to post a poll to ask the ppl about their opinions and demographics. It’s for class.
Just passed mine a few months ago. Get Becker and good luck!
Found Mitch account.
He doesn’t know how credit cards work. Read the flair
Mitch said fuck those kids
Bodes well for after the first.
It got hammered enough yesterday that it started looking attractive to buyers. Same with NVDA.
You know dips get bought up...until they don’t.
[removed]
[removed]
Waiting for Cathie to come around to NIO. Need that ARK investment pump.
No. Unless by buying contracts before funds fully transfered and my bank reversed the transfer once I owned it means it's on margin.
I own several convenient stores with another business partner in north Philly. I just had a women approach me and ask for my number. Of course I gave it to her, but I am questioning whether I made the right decision or not. My business is booming right now and I don't wanna fuck that up for a potentially booty call. What are your thoughts fellas? If she's trying to fuck should I take her up on it, or just ignore if she texts?
Pretty smart honestly, I might do the same - the last entire half of the trading day was MMs pinning it to above 140, that chart is so sus. Literal market manipulation LOL
today is the last full night of futes for 2020

very sad

also very worrying for bul
You probably had a pending withdrawal fail and they Sold to resolve that.
I only check CRSR 5-6 times a day just for u/SIR_JACK_A_LOT. 

&#x200B;

At this moment, I don't care what happens with my portfolio, but only pray u/SIR_JACK_A_LOT should win, no matter what. 

&#x200B;

All the best.
Lost a cool $150k.
I got into Bilibili it s my new yolo trade
When after 15 years of being unprofitable it figures out a new business model that actually makes money.....
Today was actually a decent day for me, just iwm & arkg . Wish I had bought tan though . Even with 1/15 options I’m taking profits at 30% & then waiting to reenter now lmao
Spy is out of breath it’ll be taking the overnight elevator up.
Bezos announce holiday #’s tomorrow
This guy must've had puts 😆
Covid ATH means stonks ATH
Market doesnt give a fuk about regular ppl and toilet paper supplies
Those pre-market dumps are madening.  Hardly any reason to watch futures or AH/PM since it changes on a dime at open anyways.
I’m not a huge fan of Biden either... but we are talking about Mitch the turtle. That guy is a human turd.
this made me lol. well done, sir.
Thanks
It won't be long until the physical disk will be shipped in a broke-ass unplayable state and you will need to download a 100GB patch just to be able to play it. At that point it is de-facto digital-only and you're just paying for a frisbee shaped license dongle.
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EuT6UyeeJcQ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EuT6UyeeJcQ)
Big pump on arkg but i am still in shambles
[removed]
Thanks
[deleted]
I’ve given up on life
[deleted]
I don’t see any “shares.” Options are not shares.
$TSLA 1000C 12/31
We didn't rally that much from March low. It's actually the asset prices that got inflated caused by trillions pumped by papa Jay and near 0% rate making other classes redundant. In 2000 and 2008, the FED stepped in AFTER we crashed. This time, they stepped in beforehand
Thank you
Honestly such a sad move on my part. My first big options play and I pick such a dud after getting suckered in by some hype following its recent “big” run up. I deserve the loss. Is tomorrow too late for tax loss harvesting?
Poor people struggle to make good choices because of less money. For ex: Healthy food cost more so they just buy cheap burger. Same is the case with stocks. Good companies costs more per stock so they fail for meme stocks.
Your shorts are SUPER WRONG
Posted my $VALE $MT positions. Will be getting rid of 1/8 calls most likely tomorrow...
It’s a sad day when user on wsb don’t know what a FaggyD is :/
Ok that’s legit enough.
are you up on crsr? i bought around after your post but down about 4% total no tendies for me
Y’all ever have the misfortune of hearing some of these instathots speak?

Example. I heard Demi Rose talk the other day. What a fucking vibe killer that was.
I have emails where I’m addressed by the owner as the businesses “employee”, that they supplied me work tools “laptop, printer, etc.”, and other things that make it clear I was an employed intern.  If they can’t provide any proof counter proof that I was contracted it seems like a slam dunk for me.  Though best case scenario would be for them to pay out the $2500 through me to avoid IRS auditing them.
Sold my TSLA 710 calls on the first run to 686. Rip
You ask wrong question- is anyone’s wife looking for new bf or perhaps a second bf?
T - 7days til merger. When is IPOC gonna fly. 🐣🐧
[removed]
1) it's banned
2) saw a large quantity of unusual orders for it months ago on cheddarflow. Only paid $0.01 for it. Figured it was worth it
Today didn't even feel like a green day lol

All that mattered was that pesky 25 level.
Lol not anymore!
Yeah it’s hard. When the money is there. It’s so easy to make plays. Good luck to you as well. Get out of this rat race
Well looks like you may be the dumbest person on the internet.

$100, down 50%, is $50

That $50 then requires a 100% increase to recoup your losses.

I call it tomato, you call it oranges.
Took a 30k consumer loan from my bank in september and i somehow managed to turn it into 100k , up to now but thats with qqq,tsla,costco,nio,tsla
bot calls for jan and feb late today
More like HA! GOT EEEEEMM
I keep buying more
Dafuq?
I'ma be smart and split my strategy with a smart growth stock like MSFT and a YOLO play with canoo, that I way I can make tendies. 

MM: yes, but also no

Me, with the attention span of a gnat: ¡REEEEEEEEEEE¡
Remember guys if you talk about PLTR everyday you’ll feel better about bagholding
Not enough Matadors. Bulls like memes too you know.
Fubo has really given up on life
Yo fuck this guy
[deleted]
No joke I have 156,789 shares at $20.30 and I’m betting this goes to $30 by end of Jan
Ameritrade approves me fairly easily, try them
the all in with $1.7 million is more impressive vs $15k calls, the all in stock has already lost more than your entire position
Remindme! 30 days
The entire global esports industry doesn’t produce as much revenue as television broadcasting for sports.
Today is Nio day being priced in since their itinerary is basically public knowledge. So don’t expect a further breakout.
Came here to say this.... then saw he is switching to Webull. So you know going from a. Shitty American platform to a shitty Chinese one and expecting better results? 

Neither gives shit about the user. You are just the product they are selling.
That's literally nothing
its either travel or buying a Tesla for me... good luck fellow retard
YOU WILL BURN IN HELL FOR YOUR BLASPHEMY
r/dividends dudes would cry if you said the word “options” too loudly
also amusing is that Dr. Patel liked the tweet from this guy.
Best DD ever
Lock up doesn’t expire until after they report their next earnings in February.
I’m just rolling my contracts i only have 20 though. I’m thinking 160 by 2023
"Currently, more people fly helicopters in and out of U.S. city centers via Blade than any other company in the world.”
I hate this stock from the bottom of my heart
THANKS FOR THIS POST BRO I GOT MY TENDIES TODAY SUCH A GOOD RUN
even better, they’ll give you a badger in the year 2050 if you work hard enough
I would buy you a beer sir
I went to two grocery stores, both absolutely jam packed, all while we are finding new cases of the super virus from the UK already in the US. 

Covid cases ATH, stonks only go UP
IV been too high for calls. I’ve been holding shares. It’s gonna have days where it drops 10%, might load up on calls then
Were you trading on margin?
He needs the money more than any of us. I'm only poor, he's in 9-figure debt.
Dkng
holy shit you are down $25000
It’s an equal partner kinda thing, people say we lead but really each one effects the other. HK should open near where we’re at now and then we’ll open near where they close. It’s kinda hard for me to say we lead when they’re technically open on Monday before we are
 

I have never been gay bear before but I dont understand the Bull GME hype? I have read two cases,

1. Gamestop is going to change its name to powerup and become a dealership for electronics? They will buy used electronics and sell for a profit? In addition to acting like a dealership selling new items as well? It will be better than online (ebay, amazon) because dealing in person with brick and mortor vs shady online markets?

2) there is a massive effort to short GME by idiot hedge funds and if #1 works out then there will be a huge short squeeze.

Is this it? Is there more to GME i am not seeing?
What’s “a buttload of money”? Pics or ban
I'd like to make back the 330k I lost this year
 While it's doubtful I can, a goal is a goal.
[deleted]
Idk but I jumped on 1/15 $21c
GUHEV
Qs. If Might trade at 100 but only if you are a buyer. For seller it’s about 60$
Do stocks usually dump when lockout period ends?
🐝 bat da bada boop
yeah i'm down significantly with my 1/15 calls. it's depressing to watch it drop 80%. hindsight is 20/20.
Credit cards work by banks issuing you money at a high interest rate. You spend more than you make and get fucked. You’re welcome
Dude is acting like it’s 1850 getting hyped about that kind of purchasing power
Someone pinned this to the top of the subreddit
We'd be wiped out, entire sub turns gaybear, and then market will rebound until our puts go to zero again
I’ve been holding 60c 5/21 since 11/18, bought at 6.50 :)
Idk but SHEX has been gettin freaky
Apple
Nice
today felt like a red day..
It's banned
Bought 5 more
[deleted]
Have faith, we are his autistic disciples
lol what you mean. Warrants have ended today.  That’s it all up from here brother
Got TSLA 12/31 705 calls in the morning and sold at the top for 6x. Ask me anything
Mickey going to $200 real soonsies
FUBOs dead!!!???
Anything for tiny pp
[deleted]
Stimulating your prostate makes the stimmy drop in your account faster god speed
Fuck 😂
\-25% OTM with two weeks to burn. Perfect way to spend the money your wife's BF will be taking in the divorce.
Big brain time
[removed]
Psst. It's a parody account, like Dr. PP.
Big enough to take us out of the solar system
Can we shit on that fucking asshole Mitch McConnell again today?
Go fishing
DO YOU? 

If you buy a call for $100 and it’s now down 50%. It’s worth 50 FUCKING DOLLARS. 

The value required to recoup your losses originally is 0

If it goes up 100%, you have a profit. What are you even doing bringing absolute value into a profit and loss discussion. 

It’s 100% after. Please tell me how these are the same?
I’m broke too bro if that helps
Get head from the 10
Graham Stephen is such a chad
GME moon moon rocket moon
Deff eating that 10 😛😝🥵
Positions or no one cares.
I mean I have an 82.5% probability of getting your free money but good luck?
Bought tsla 715c 1/8s at 3:20pm. Up 10%
Hedge and dont fucking worry about it
It should be in 3500-4000 range already
Their books are solid. Michael Burry bought this at $5 when everyone was spewing the same crap you’re spewing.
[removed]
Stfu dude post the photo or ban
So what’s the deal with this HIMX?
[deleted]
Mid morning today
Resistance around 30.  This trades in that range until after the lockup.  Expect mooning around Feb March.
But GameStop has thousands of stores. Micro center has like 20. You could spread inventory across the nation. More buying power. Transfer inventory from distribution hubs. 2 day shipping. The advantages are huge. 

And this isn’t the model this just one leg of a model.
Day 28 of holding CRM and it still didn't do shit and why does the CEO look like Big Ed from 90 day fiance?
How. Everything is closed. Except target and Walmart. Those places are popping.
This was the free stock RH gave me when I signed up 🚀
G O E V?  More like STAHPEV amirite?
Booooom
Give me one legitimate bullish argument for this company.  This thing has been around forever and went public in '99...the financials are terrible and revenues are contracting quickly.  The company has done a ridiculous number of ATM offerings...the stock has just gone parabolic in the past two months.  This will not last, and shares of this stock will bleed out.
Same but I doubled down every time on more VXX calls. THE VOL IS TOO DAMN LOW
More like 2 hours = 1 share
[deleted]
Time to double down on SPACE.
[removed]
I have a feeling my Tesla calls will be shit tomorrow
[deleted]
Edit it. Add graphs to most of what you’re talking about has graphs easily available online by a quick Google search
That doesn’t reflect current conditions. The past has nothing to do with the present. Who gives a fuck what a stock used to trade at, even a minute ago, if there are no bids for it at that price? What happens if news hits of an accounting scandal and the bids crater? You going to sit there convincing yourself it doesn’t count because the stock used to trade higher? The only thing that should matter in a quote is what people are, right now, willing to pay for it and what people, right now, are willing to sell it for.

Last price can give you a helpful idea in some low volume instrument where there is a huge bid/ask spread though. But it’s not the quote.
Remember guys, pltr was red for like 3 days in a row. That means it has 2 more Green Days in a row to cancel it out
They have a merger yet? What do they do
Yeah, makes sense, you're probably right
[deleted]
🤷‍♂️  

It will moon when it arrives tho
Well you're hoping in the next 30 days
It’s kinda boring when Cramer is on vacation.
PFE was not able to monetize the vaccine because the government would just take over the production due to the national emergency.  If they could monetize the vaccine they could change $10k per dose...  The only play for PFE is if you believe that they learned someone from the vaccine development and production that could be monetized in the future.
Yeah I guess, but I’m too poor to make 30% over 3 years and be happy with it
Show us which one you are embarrassed by.
Im not too worried since i have july calls, just want to be above 30k again and currently all in ARK calls
Last day of the year, pare gains and losses
Daily reminder that you would have made bank if you went to the package room in your building when lockdown started and just bought calls on shit people were buying the most
Too many spacs to touch em all. Probably will moon for quick gains tho, but im already spread thin in a ton of em
[deleted]
[deleted]
It's not. 3 days after first earnings in 2021
Get head from a 2 
Fuck a 3 
Or eat a 10’s ass?
I buy the peak, then it crash, then I hold the bag until it reaches my inicial put, then I sell and then it explodes. I try to buy back at the peak for FOMO, then it crash then I hold the bag and so on.....
Message me with specifics
Sorry to hear it. Sounds like you were trading on margin, and brokers can margin call at any time for any reason. 

Robin hood seems to be a lot less lenient than more established players. But another way to think about it, is that their algos decided the risk level of your portfolio was way too high for them to trust you with their money. Solution is to either make lower risk plays, be right more often, or only use your own cash.
What big money flow? Isn't the stock markjust me  my brother in law and some guy constantly betting against us and winning ?
Last day of the year is usually green, right?
The 7500 tax credit + large amount of ppl that want an electric cuv but not a Tesla(because they all look the same & quality/service issues) will drive sales, I don’t think outselling the Y next year is impossible
Idk if he ever watched Don’t F*** With Cats on Netflix, but cat owners don’t play.
At the current price, it’s still just a $1.7 billion company, which is peanuts compared to $250 gaming market by 2024.

If they can get just 2% of the gaming market, that’s lots of upside for the stonk
around 25
Do you know math?

If your call is down 50%, you’ll need a 100% gain on that to recover your losses.
Saw a video about a spac B T A Q. Decided to look into them. Looks like it could have decent potential
Are you having a panic attack?
Can we have class outside tomorrow
This whole sub would be a collective $ROPE like the world has never seen.
After my whopping 1x 6/18 30c $PSTH prints, maybe I'll be able to afford .5 TSLA shares.
You just admitted that you don’t want to YOLO

Try r/investing
Give me some of your 2021 goals boys. Gonna kill it this year. Mine = tesla purchased, 10-12% body fat(I drank way too much this year), celebrate small wins weekly to keep up positivity!
My sole purpose on robinhood is to make enough money so that I can travel all of next summer 🙌🏻
I sold mine a couple days ago. Never planned to hold it super long and got a solid 25%. Have a feeling they might go stagnant again after the run up
Ohh youre gucci i was over $25k last month got all the way from $3k to $45k now im back at $12k and im day trade restricted which is sad. I could deposit the $13k to get out but i haven’t decided if i want to yet or just restrict myself so i dont lose more money. Because i was being a tard
IV is high af for TSLA just like last time it will crush like a mofo.
NOW... this is a story all about how my portfolio got flipped-turned upside down, and I'd like to take a minute, just sit right there; I'll tell you how I became broke by being a gay ass 🐻
[deleted]
Yeah I’m Curious as well, wouldn’t June be the best since it’s the furthest out expiration? Only thing I can think of is interest is likely high on June’s
Limp dick sounds about right. I tried to play a breakout on T, and the final diagnosis is erectile dysfunction.
block\*
[removed]
Why buy calls on that boomer stonk? Its not really a big mover. I would take the L
[deleted]
Never been cucked as bad as I was today with baba
Up 3% today down 2% for the week. I’ll take it though watching what others have been dealing with.
Naah, I'm good.
Two questions, 1 why did you scratch out that ticker, and 2 what are you doing with energy transfer anywhere near $12
You’re either a week late or a month early.

But I’m locked and loaded.
When did you buy
God why did I buy BNTX at the top....
cuz we want tendies forever. not for a week
Going all in on weekly calls on wsb meme stocks this week?
[deleted]
Take a look at the JD power consumer reports. Ford is near the bottom in every category. And the eco-boost engines are garbage. Now they are jumping into the EV sector, wouldn't be surprised to see a major recall in the first year.
Most of my positions are common.. if i spread out into CC where would you suggest me start to learn the process. Mostly just asking people has given me a pretty broad picture.. but so as to NOT burn myself.. where should I look for the process?
I don’t feel bad for anyone using robinhood tbh
If its grands rotate into something else. Sell
That's about the gayest thing a man can say...

Annnnnywaaays, I'll see you tomorrow when it opens under $19 🥃
I know. I had cash for shares but saw these prices and had to get some for March.
Book'em Danno
[deleted]
When it gets an analyst upgrade
Hilarious and true 🤣
Lololol, bagholders looking for their leader.
[deleted]
250 shares reporting for take off 🚀🚀🚀
[deleted]
ask u/I_love_my_scrotum
Pretty sure mm’s are just going to torch my apple FD’S  again tomorrow so mad at myself lost about 3k with them unless we have a crazy bounce tomorrow doesn’t seem good
lemonade my neck was dripping
The FOMO in tesla is just unreal.
Maybe it already did?
To personally see to it that PLTR makes it’s journey to the moon
Imagine this is the top like 2000 was for the dot com bubble.

So many of us would be fucked and $ROPE.
anyone in that BLOK etf? When it was like <30 leaps were like a dollar lmfao
What. No. 

What? 

Dude this may be the dumbest thing I’ve seen today fuck off
Puts baby puts
You don’t belong
[removed]
Absoltuely.
I bought some random stock at like .90 cents last year, thats maybe $4. 2 shares, do I have to pay taxes on such a small amount?
They let any mf on Twitter these days...
Yes chef, i’m an idiot sandwich
Gay
[removed]
That’s my FD for tomorrow TSLA $750C 12/31
What's wrong with going by last executed price?
On days like today where I make a buttload of money, all I think about is how I could have made  more. Why am I such a greedy fuck?
I dont think r/dividends knows about selling calls
Dude that’s hate speech on Reddit
Not enough TA and bull reversal flags and also I'm in this picture and I don't like it
As soon as you sell.
Not playing weeklies and 1% is no biggie.
Good luck. If there’s another dip down to 670 I’m buying more as well
I like it been watching it for a bit, wondering if we’re actually at a bottom yet though, good luck
Serious question: sell my (stupid fucking) T calls at open tomorrow at a 70%+ loss or hold closer to 1/22 expiry and hope beyond hope for a sign of life in that limp dick stock?
Sell $16 or $16.5 puts. If it doesn’t get down that low you make money and if it does get there you’ll lower your cost.
Ban
Dude definitely been loading up for a while now it’s totally worth it, just buy on margin next dip
Linguini!!!!
Sweet Loretta Martin thought she was a woman
But she was another man
All the girls around her say she's got it coming
But she gets it while she can
When AMZN hits at least $3500 and holds it, this market will finally make sense to me.
Stink. Stank. STONK!!!
Mitch Mcconells chin looks like my ballsack and Graham Stephan wears a toupé, could face fuck his girlfriend 100%
Dear diary
XLE gang still around?
Supply and demand
Interesting - tried it with a German VPN, able to access the .de domain with it but not the dot com. GME surely makes it hard to let me spend money
tesla bulls who bought calls with 1 month expiry recently: is it worth it ? idk when this shit will dip but I've trusted Elon before and want to join back in, premiums are crazy tho. 

that said thinking of YOLOing tomorrow at open. prefer to buy ITM
[deleted]
$BRKA is up like 1% this year, one of the best years in stock market history. (everyone clap)
2 weeks out man lmao.
Ex pc not gonna to touch it.
IV too high
You bought shitty options then at a bad price
Sir Pump A Lot already dumped
B T C to 30K

RIOT to 20
UK's coronavirus strain detected in California
RH doing gods work
Harvest 👏 losers 👏if 👏you👏had👏big👏winners👏
True. Plus bears who short stocks also have a vested interest in sowing doubt in anything they can.
Now you just have to repeat that process with some margin to up the ante
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/paladinknight11 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Why buy it then?
They also said they plan on making and selling enough to make it instantly profitable day 1 lol.
2/19 $30C checking in
U know I hate it when ppl laugh at me buying meme stonks without doing my own dd, but why should I though? I have my fellow retards here doing the dd part for me, I just hop on the 🚀🚀🚀and take off to the moon, then mars and finally URANUS
[deleted]
Sell some puts pussy
Sir this is a casino
I've been in $5 and $7 leaps for 6months. I'm up 90% and 200%. I can't see GE going much lower
Nice
🤣🤣🤣
Yeap, essentially they pay a fine equal to the janitors bonus and they can't have ANT competing with the state run banks. Okay, not gonna affect BABA at all since I'm sure Pooh Bear 🐻, owns shares as well as many other CCP generals and politicians. Its China's 🇨🇳  golden child and Im sure they're using it to spy and find out what crap every country likes buying. BABA will be at 260 by end of month. They can't afford BABA to stay down.
I’ll be a retard and buy more in the morning
RIOT
I'm underwater on March 19 calls. I am waiting cuz I got no other move.
[removed]
Nice
What the fuck are 🚀🚀🚀’s?
[and apparently this happens often ](https://www.reddit.com/r/RobinHood/comments/8u0pp1/robinhood_sold_all_of_my_holdings_in_a_stock/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share)

For context, my bank did a reverse transfer for 1k. Just 1k. It said I owed 2k, but 1k went through. So I was like cool, it's going to go through later. Robinhood even had a few pending ones that went though. Then randomly they sold all of my shares before closing! At a negative too.

I've seen on a few reddit forums that this occurs often. I was switching to webull because I'm a broke autist with less than 25k and I want to do day trades. This just fucks because I walked into my apartment the other day and it was empty. I'm starting this new year without anything. I was relying heavy on this.
So, is buying more shares on margin specifically detrimental to triggering the squeeze? Obviously, the potential for larger profit is there, but that's no surprise.
Yea Feb is a bit too close to ER but definitely extend it further.
Yolo C3.AI to Mars
I hope a cat scratches your Charizard card so you get a negative PSA rating.
FUCKIN TOUPÉ WEARIN COUPON CLIPPER
[deleted]
Opens any position

\-99%
Anyone playing RAVN? Feels like it could flat for a looong time. Anything that could cause a catalyst?
Thank you for your Ted talk
That shit is overvalued
Had no idea lockout is ending 12/31. Sold and will buy back if there’s a dip
Yep you can sell covered calls using shares that you own as collateral
[deleted]
Not technically leaps anymore, but sept 135/145c’s.  I got them when apple was 120ish a few weeks back

Edit: i guess im an ass, they were never technically leaps since i bought them in Dec. big F
Pleas
Yes chef, sorry chef
“Where’s the beef?”
Meh, that is probably pushing it but im generally optimstic.
All stocks have luls on the way up. It just hit a new 52 wk high. It’s been doing so about every two weeks. Shorting may not be in your best interest.
[deleted]
💩
They receive funding from governments to prevent future pandemics? At some point all of them will be succesful...
no
[deleted]
Well, I only had the balls to pick up one call, wasn’t super sure about it
540 shares in.   


Every winning trade of 2021 will have GME shares allocation portfolio diversification stratosphere implementation.
lmao I was long vol all summer going into the election. Every time it popped I threw the profits into ITM calls that eventually went to shit.

This one should be fun.
I'm a bot. Recent empty self posts, noob questions, and spam which people were temp-banned for. Bans are 1-2 days to discourage posts that ought to be comments.

User|Post Title
:--|:--
/u/Rizzodawg|[XL TANKING](https://redd.it/knan2n)
/u/RobbyTheEpixBoi|[let’s pump a penny stock lol](https://redd.it/knaygl)
/u/TaigaLoverHD|[Found a new strat](https://redd.it/knaziw)
/u/TSLA247|[Woohoo TSLA not flat today](https://redd.it/knazoi)
/u/Misadapt|[Looking for promising stocks to blow $1000 on. Anything promising?](https://redd.it/knb20o)
/u/RK-Today|[Gonna YOLO my life savings of $4,789.13 on something. Top Comment decides what stock I buy. Taking submissions until EOD 12/31.](https://redd.it/knb3b7)
/u/Leather-Balls|[Is Robinhood worth using for investing? What's the downsides as opposed to other services?](https://redd.it/knb470)
/u/Zmw92|[What the fuck is going on with GOEV?](https://redd.it/knb582)
/u/mripo2020|[$ 600 Bucks? Stimulus check](https://redd.it/knb65q)
/u/Arcanne|[What’s your P&L for 2020?](https://redd.it/knbao6)
Is it gonna be red tommorow?
I'll buy back into GME when it goes back down to 16
Is there any stonk behaving more gay than PLTR
They are cheap as hell for a reason
[deleted]
[deleted]
The model Y and Model 3 were both huge sellers with their first year models lol
Who got beef with me? WHO GOT BEEF WITH E???
[deleted]
[deleted]
Stop
Your wife’s boyfriend is a lucky man
0
I have an April 35c, I’ll move on after earnings but before the lock up ends
RIOT gang here?  seems like stonks are better deals than calls for this stock
Does anyone have a hot sister or their single mom they can hook me up with? I’m in Orlando, FL
When is this thcc 🐝 DA coming?!?
The # 23 signifies greatness. Jordan wore it. He soar to great heights during his illustrious NBA career

The # 23 also signifies the amount in cents TSLA needs to close at a new ATH 

The End
Buying more CRSR and PSTG (pstg might be a bit long but all good things take time). Short trading day tomorrow and then 3 days of wtf am I gonna do
Can confirm, I'm the mom's bf
Never should have come here
Pay a mortgage on a non shitbox place in NYC. Afford kids & private school. Travel wherever and whenever I want.
Y
The only good cat is a dead cat
Get back in her and mark your territory bro
Yeah my old SLV crap is expiring worthless in JAN. I wished I could exit now so I can book that tax loss we all crave for.   But no buyers for that anywhere.
You gotta turn autosave off and manually save your tendies.
what positions you got
THE FUCKIN WORST
I think the word you’re looking for is ‘unemployed’
2020 let's end this like 2020 should end.

Limit down boyzzzz
Bought some yesterday for a 500% gain!
So is there any onlyfans for stocks and titties? That girl would make bank
positions?
[removed]
Right. TSLA PE 1.32K VS SQ 365 though. SQ has to be a 2.5x at least next year
how low will the dollar go
PLTR needs to go up by like 50% in a week pls
Yes
[removed]
This the real DD
I always check it for the boys in hopes it climbs.

Currently trying to play Chinese evs. Nio day soon. Fking rocketed today.
Lol
Everyone saying they’re gonna buy NIO on the morning dip tmr morning got me and my calls thinkin there won’t be a dip tmr morning 🤑
[removed]
Unironically great time to buy
No
Tbh I didn’t really think it through before using it, but I have 50-60% of my portfolio in shares that I could sell if somehow all my options went to shit.
More like 6 days a week often. No clue what u talking about. Icu nurse here
Just swap the sell and buy buttons
Wouldn’t know, I have perfect teeth
Buy ARKG. A portfolio full of bubble companies, that promise to change the world only if their trials turn out positive. What could possibly go wrong?
Whats a profit?
Looks very s3xy
Or you can just sum these up in brown flair
I'll buy it tmmrw when it drops again
Well fuck bro, you gotta hit those YOLO’s so you can buy a round of titties!
Fuck off
Who's in on MARA
Sold some 700c for over 300% gains today
GameStop is so fucking overrated. Why is this shit over 10 dollars? People are gonna stop buying ps5s by March when they can order it on Amazon. I went to a store and there were 3 virgins working and there was nobody there. Puts are cheap as hell right now. I see GME the next hertz 

3p 01/22 x10
What the fuck is that
Literally every option dumps the second I touch it. I’m fucking dying of AIDS over here.
Please do. That will make short squeeze higher
In celebration of being down LOTS of money in GME.

I will be getting drunk starting now and drinking until at least January 4th. So, wake me up when gme hits $25.
nope didnt know that...
SPY
Coworker is being hired back on monday so my workload will go from two emails to one. Now is when I get rich.
Pretty sure my cat has killer instinct. Saw his reflection in the mirror and starting fighting it. 🤣
put a small amount in a very low value stock. every 0.001 it moves i either gain or lose 20p. ezdubs for pocket change but nothing major and if i lose it not too bad

&#x200B;

when student loan comes in clutch its yolo o clock
Seeing too many bearish reports....time to double my calls
I have faith that it'll print tomorrow. It'll be the twist that we need to end 2020.
Virgin Geriatric is going DOWN
I read a little bit about this stonk called TSLA to understand why it went 10x this year.

I saw that people think Elon Musk is Jesus who has come back to save humanity from itself.

Let's say that that's true. How big can this go? Some analysis said it should 10x again to like 7000.

That would make it a 7 trillion dollar market cap? Which is almost 4x AAPL?

Is this real life or am I living in a simulation?
A lifetime of studies show that a safe withdrawal rate is 4% to weather down markets. We have numerous 15 year periods where stocks go up 0%. You leave your salary because you had a good 2019 and think you’re an options genius you’re going to find yourself with no mortgage and sitting in the food bank line while the rest of us continue to see appreciation in the homes we own and adding to savings every month. You and your imagination can get the fuck out of here, we’re talking about grown folks shit at this table.

Just wait until you know it all 20 year olds see interest rates go up for the first time in your short little lives. GDP can go up 400% over a decade and the market goes up 0% in those conditions.
For people that traveled the world for 1 year or more, how much money did you set aside beforehand? I keep my "fun" money in RH and if it hits $50K, I think I'll take a year off and travel (probably in 2022 after covid hopefully). 

Hopefully NIO can get me there.
Never understood why people take vacation this week, it’s the easiest work week ever
Honestly if you find me someone making gains like that I’ll follow them in an instant
Maybe try telling them you've moved up from retard to autist?
[removed]
[number one rule of the market ](https://youtu.be/hAQA_29Htts?t=32)
[deleted]
Yes indeed I am lol
Grats! I'm on similar boat bro. $4k to $200k (5 $300C exp Jan 2022)
I'm guessing it's the stress of the job relative to pay. And working 12 hours straight doesn't help
Nobody tell him

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
heard it was good i’ll check it out!
Ew cringe
Dude, in 2020 anything can happen, how on earth could you challenge $0 rev and 0 product?! What's wrong with you?!??!?!!?
Nice play! Was worried about it dumping again all day. No balls on me. Will probably pick up similar call tomorrow
Someday I hope I can find this joke funny again. The journey continues
Question: When's GME short squeezing?
Answer: 30 minutes after you sell.
[deleted]
Was thinking the exact same as your sentiment. Thanks for the confirmation bias
Any apple leap holders sweatin???
Nice.
[deleted]
SPY
i bought a spy 375 call 12/31 for .33 this morning.  does that count?  good luck though
Then buy puts.
Rumors of my demise have been greatly exaggerated
U hate money?
Been DCA since $380. Also have a SQ position in similar size.
Eat my dingus, nerd
I didn't buy puts lol
Virgin Palantir Technologies vs. Chad Telos Corporation
As a prior Mustang owner (5+ Stangs over the past 20 years), I don't expect the 1st Gen Mach-E to be ground breaking.  Ford software and quality sucks overall with their past cars.  Not sure how things will be different.
PLTR MOON MISSION BY 1/8/21
Loading up on CRSR
My theory is since Cramer isn't back until next week, without him the boomers don't know what to do. Absolute pandemonium, and no one can inverse him here. Markets in a shitstorm

BRING BACK CRAMER
It was a measly $53 or so premium, down to worth $13, gonna let it expire tomorrow if GME doesn't do any funky business EOD. I've seen people saying MMs are gonna try to short GME as far as they can before EOY, so I'm not thinking it's gonna be going up too high
Suck dick from the back retard
it was the it job to get that paid pretty well, now a pandemic is here and they got to deal with shit that should of been something they thought of when they picked it as a career
I don’t think it’s gonna be a surprise. But it’s mos def coming.

Stocks will still have plenty room to run next year tho...
I did buy the dip, but to make any real money in this it needs to go up more ya know??
[removed]
Recouped all my losses from the last week. Can't complain. Just need one more green day tomorrow to actually make a profit.
bullish
[deleted]
Pleas fly again
I got so mad at VXX premiums that I went theta gang today on diagonal put spreads
Fair enough. I’m not leaving. I just know FCEL is about to break out again and I’d like to double my position.
Ban this “retard”
https://i.imgur.com/PqOlv8c.jpg
Guh
Think about this:
The absolute value of being down 50% is the same as being up 100%. It’s twice as hard to gain money as it is to lose money if you aren’t patient and paper handing everything.
Nah. If I get 8 more Ms I’ll have 10. And with ten I can collect 500k a year clipping coupons on some safe-ish 5% yielding shit and chill.
This the energy we need
We keep bouncing off 19...  seems to have support there, but i would like to see an upward trend dammit...  holding till earnings.
So during stagnation or retraction are theta plays and increasing a position the best strategy?
Well they own like 6 companies that do, and make batteries, so they'll be fine lol
You know yesterday was last day for taxes on stocks right?
Mitch, is that you?
Nice try, enjoy investing in Subway
It’s so difficult to watch options be negative. Like 3 months until expiration and it’s slightly negative...nope  time to sell.
[removed]
This but the exact opposite.
I have. I currently drive a ford. They're just like any other car, they break down.  Even the best built cars break down lol.
[deleted]
https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/1344359312878149634?s=21

Something about nullifying vote
Honestly, this retarded sub really made 2020 tolerable.  What an experience!
Glad I’m not the only one
Hey guys I made 40 bucks on spy calls today
faaaaak. I need to learn covered calls. Big capital investment upfront right?
🚀🌕
Aren't those free because of. Well ya know. All the free videos...
Mitch the type of guy to start COVID.
Fr. I have quite a bit of those two but I’m so fucking sick of half the comments and posts being about them.
I thought it was weird she came up with that idea all on her own 🤔
Lol so sad that your comment is probably right :’(
Do you get to the Cloud District very often? Oh, what am I saying, of course you don't 😏
Nice
ya probably

all you had to do was buy calls, buy the dip, stonks only go up, don't buy puts
Wonder how it’ll respond when he steps down in two years and Kampala takes over
inb4 autonomous driving is priced as a service rather than a good
TSLA but you gotta time it right...
lol thanks man
[deleted]
So BLNK puts is the move tomorrow?
So which market leads and which one follows?

HK.9988 is currently sitting at $30.47 a share (236.20 HKD) and BABA closed today at $238.39. The ADR ratio for BABA is 1:8, or one share of BABA equals 8 shares of HK.9988. This would mean a single HK.9988 share is trading on the HKSE at $30.47 and on the NYSE at $29.80.

That extra 67 cents would really help my calls
F'kin A. Congrats you cunt.
Wait till you see mutual funds
Please do. It’s the signal PLTR is waiting for to moon.
and if you drive one and wish you didn't isn't that saying something about their reach lol
And if not, ill just buy more anyway🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Ah I get it now. Go public, get money from investors = guaranteed growth in business. Makes sense (sarcasm; in case people are oblivious to it)

It’s not like they were lacking funding before going public...
Well, looks like round 1 goes to this dude. /grabs popcorn.
Yup
[removed]
Dudes in /r/dividends pretend like they create free money
What he do this time?
Pinterest (PINS) has tore me a new asshole this week, if tmrws not green (4 fat red days in a row) then I'm basically wiped out #weeklies
I don’t have the energy to make a DD for this sub, so I’ll let you know now that LG Chem just signed a deal with the Indonesian government to use nickel for their batteries. LG Chem supplies Tesla. Who has the largest and most environmental nickel mines in Indonesia? Vale SA. 

VALE is back on the menu boys 😈😎
Missed opportunity
Samesies
yes yes i know noone likes erectile dysfunction
I own and drive one every day lol..?
[deleted]
Y’all value money more than a hard dick liek if I told you it would never work again you’d actually take the Fuking money that honestly in Fuking sane have fun whacking your flaccid pp liek you been on a coke bender all night for eternity
Up 13% today. Officially positive after taking a beating in the teeth in early December/late November.
[removed]
GRAHAM STEPHAN
God I'm the worst fucking trader ever....
Im buying the 18 dip if there is one
Yep, me too.
[deleted]
did you not buy the fat dip yesterday? shit went all the way down to 90.80 and today it bounced off 96
So cancel all the puts??
Are these $35 CALLs?
Noice!
Same man, SPACs got fucked the past few days, today was alright. Down from $14,500 on Monday open to $13,500 today, up from a low of almost $13,000 after a stupid PLTR put swing trade when I saw the spike, but it just traded sideways, then went up a bit. It was a 12/31, so I didn't want to sell for an even bigger loss on open tomorrow, even if PLTR opened -5%.
[deleted]
What if already heloc my house with incoming margin call....how can i secure buying power and give me a ticker to buy yolo FDs
[removed]
PSTH is not a meme stock. It's run by arguably the most successful fund manager since Buffet. But. Ok.
ETFs only go up
This is the stupidest thing ever.

Who the fuck cares if Melvin capital wants to short GME again? That just further twists the squeeze. The only reason to care about that is if you are impatient and want out
🥱 dividend investing is dead
So If I post this comment I get an award right?
Buying the GME dip tomorrow
I’m the SPACman

Dibidibdibi buhbuddabup
Square. I feel Tesla doesn’t have that much more room to run, and with inclusion in S&P 500, it may just be like a 40% gain for the year (which still is great). I think it’ll hit $900-$1000 by EOY 2021, but square is primed for a breakout after a large push towards a cashless society
Yeah but when your mums boyfriend is paying the electricity bill for your basement ‘apartment’ it’s not so impressive.
I’ve had Tesla but I liked the chart for SQ bought in for first time this morning 10k in 3/19/21 250C and 100 shares seems very strong
puts on BLNK
BB is a great long term play but WSB doesnt have the patience or attentiin span for that.
[deleted]
💎🙌s
jUsT mAdE a QuIcK $10^12 tOdAy oN OnE tRaDe, iF oNlY yOu gUyS lIsTeNeD tO mE. jOiN mY pReMiUm oNlYfANS fOr mY dAiLy sToCk pIcKs.
How is this possible?? Stop trading. Buy shares of ICLN or TAN and don’t look at it for 6 more years...
I bet on flat
You might have a bad time tomorrow
My eyes hurt
Ok boomer
needs more EV news
Please fuck my girlfriend daddi 🥵
She was so cute 🥰😢
MT holds above $23. Tomorrow we hold into 2021 strong! Steel arms unite! 

💪
Yea dude it was a great day
Her boyfriend has been doing that for years
Bleeding volatility and theta, the biggest enemies of the swing trader
I'll be staring at my phone watching every single tick of CRSR, praying it's going to be one of those +10% days and not one of those -10% days.
Wait until lockup period is over in February
Soo, these sneaky Lizard People gotta have their own ETF, everyone else does. 

Which ETF do you think it is?
Buys one put/call, small position. ITM and up 900%. 

Opens a massive position, down 15% in first hour, then -99% a few days later. 

Opens massive position with stop loss, down 20% immediately with stop loss hit, position up 3000% after stop loss hits. Re enters position, down 99%.

Sell position for 60% gain, same position up 700% 30 minutes later. 

Diamond hands, -99%. 

Paper hands, miss out on 1000% gains.
I dunno man, his head looks pretty hard right now.
Square, both are way overpriced though.
Tesla leap calls are probably the easiest and certain way to make tons of money, congrats but again, fuck you
lemme guess, you tried to go straight for level 4 too
TSLA $700 lotto ticket gonna print tomorrow!!!!
Because most of this sub is mainly in GME and PLTR lol.
China moon tomorrow
[deleted]
Scared money don’t make money! WSB and options aren’t for smart and easy money making. This isn’t a shortcut to build wealth. It’s just a much better and higher EV way to gamble than the casino
Hope we don’t get any surprise inflation next year. 

I’ve come to enjoy stocks only going up.
[deleted]
Who buys when low? Someone boo this man
All looking good
Winning a YOLO must have you feeling like you’ve ascended from Earth
[deleted]
PLUG
Thank god i panicked for a sec
Tell me PDD gonna crash hard tomorrow....
Plantir flatter then ex girlfriends tits
I’ll be honest. My first instinct when I see a meme stock on here is to check for all time high? Yes?! Then I short it. 

My memory only allows me to remember the hits. So, it’s worked 100% of the time.
Or 5million invested in property with a 7% cap rate
I don’t mind. 5x is 5x.
you would still panic with a bigger account and would lose more money
Will have zero issues haha, this guy has never driven a Ford before.
Yes and
[deleted]
What are the catalyst for a jump in BB?
My girlfriend just said if I triple my profits on GME I can pee in her butt. 

🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
hey fuck you buddy!
Tesla
I want to buy Tilray leaps, because that will be the ticker eventually. The merger is pretty confusing, so tell me if I am getting this wrong.
Mary Ann died. :(

https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2020-12-30/-gilligan-s-island-star-dawn-wells-dies-covid-19-cited?srnd=premium
Cant lie today was a great trading day👏🏾
I don't wanna argue politics but I really dont think it'll be good for the economy once Biden is officially in office.
So long term we sell Gamestop to Steam?
is it 9:30 yet?
I feel like the 1/15 $50C is a total no brainer. shit is going to be spitting out money
Ok nkla retard link my taint
Shorting FCEL...this stock is ridiculous.
Chemtrails man
Still here, still making money on ❄️ puts. Sub 250 by 1/15
Are those stress balls for all the Nikola clowns that were blind to the blatant fraud?
Dead cat bounce in the daily chart. Yolo puts bought today
I get drunk and immediately want to shitpost in here. Lord hear our prayers
should be tmr
Lack of erection due to lack of stimulation
Good boy JD back up
Last day to tax harvest? Long weekend? We're near ATH? I'm no fagguette ursine but I know when to fold
It's pretty fucking retarded if you think HEAR would be performing anywhere remotely better than CRSR, HEAR acquired Roccat when they were already losing the PC peripheral race to both CRSR and LOGN(SWX). They are undervalued yes, but they aren't worth as much as CRSR and LOGN. This is especially when they have less product reach than both the market leaders, and their flagship headsets are losing as well. I'll still pump though because why not, they will both be integral in the future.
Seriously? What happened?
[removed]
Look at debit spreads to remove theta on the upside or sell puts to capture theta.

Loads of profit to be had right now.   Even a basic 20c/30c 3/19 is going for $4, which puts you almost $3 ITM right away and a breakeven of $24, which it won’t see before the announcement.  Ending over 30 gives you 2.5x.
Thoughts on ACB 10/11/12c 08.01 with democrats potentially winning in Georgia 06 election ?
The word you're looking for is memefolio
Would you rather park 40K in Tesla or Square for 2021?
Don't be poor
ive been at it since april, down a shit ton, so hope it doesnt last 6 yrs
I love Ford and drive one everyday, so you are deluding yourself if you think there will be zero issues with production or the car 😆
[removed]
Yeah true
[deleted]
Someone convince me not to paperhand $50k worth of PLTR shares for a loss and dump it into FCEL. Pretty sure it’ll be in the same $25 spot after I cash out of FCEL after the next run.
Google it you retard
Yuck
Rather see it climb steady than gap up and down
I wish I knew this. I started trading and was on this sub and was at 80% in 3 weeks, I held because I also learned to hold but the two only crossover in my brain when I fell to 30-40%.
I had to sell some today for tax relief but I sold both at the exact high and I’m proud. What you can achieve with no work and the time to look and think
Yeah, I did. Down 5% on my $26c 1/15 even though the stock went up 1.75% today jfc
Fucking PDD going vertical the one time I have puts
Can’t believe I bought a put today and as soon as I did it rocketed to 25.10. I fucking hate this game. Greed always gets the best of me. 2021 I’ll come out on top.
I would crash her dot com bubble.
Yeah true I’m just a retard
I missed out on the 695 close b4 inclusion, so I had to cave-in today. It’ll probably break and stabilize at 700 tomorrow. But I had to get out at some point lol.
When GME moon?
I picked up MT 25c 2/19. Might need to roll it further out, but I like the position
Gotta take profits now and then. Still have more shares.
Money for karma
VXX up good down bad UVXY down good up bad
i paper hand so many winning trades its ridiculous.. wish i had a bigger account so i wouldnt worry about losses or to afford longer expirys
PSTH DD

@Bill Ackman 7/11/2020

@realDonaldTrump There comes a time in the battle when one should fold the tent. Instead focus on your accomplishments over the last four years. Think about your legacy and what’s best for the country. Concede graciously and call for unity from all who have supported you.

Why did he say this? Because merger will be with Bloomberg. Mike Bloomberg went all in during election to help Dems and Biden. Bill wants to make sure Biden is inaugurated before announcement.

Wallstreetbets: Like 4chan found a Bloomberg terminal. COINCIDENCE? I think NOT!

End of PSTH DD
That's how it is, shit is laid out.  Stimulus shit, that shit is played out.
Its california....they are the real Wuhan
their main source of revenue at this point is selling these
If I ever start a company that goes public, Im gonna make the stock ticker JOJO

Shit will moon on that alone.


Wrrrrrrryyyyyyyyy
damn... good luck to you lol. I am too scared to do something like that
I hear it gives you bad teeth before killing you
ahhh nothing like closing 2020 holding some OTM FD's come at me 2021
Ive been out since my account went Challenger on RKT in about September but I’m loading up on BABA because that shit has an ass that don’t quit and it’ll be easy to ride back to $270-290 next year.  Free money.
Oh, so an even smaller market. 🙄
Could be, probably not short sellers though. Not many shares available to short and rate is 25%
my pre-cum is dripping
I wouldn’t touch BRK to save my dogs life
No I bought the leaps back in October. I have 10c 01/21/22. This meager has been destroying them since it was announced so I’m curious what happens when it actually goes through. I’ve never held an option through a merger before.
Buying $BB at $6 is like buying $amd at $2
Loaded up on 30 more shares on the dips today 😎😈🚀
2, to be precise. Gonna need about 8 more so I can clock out.
Probably will set a trailing stop leading up to earnings. I think I'll be taking my tendies and running.
Have you ever looked at a chart?
[deleted]
car drives itself bro. No steering needed
Get to the choppa
Should have bought more boi


https://imgur.com/a/wbUmN6A
DD: If the 2k stim passes GME will quadruple in value. I got this number by dividing the 2k stimulus by the cost of the new PS5 and XBOX ($500). Math doesn't lie!!!
You mean a company with 0 revenue and 0 product development until 2024 shouldn’t be valued at almost $100 a share??
No they really dont.  Nobody respects GameStops brand except boomers who bought an xbox there at the mall for their kids ten years ago.

They have no platform.

Their business is obsolete.
pleas fly again
[deleted]
Unfuckingbelievable
[deleted]
I'm talking long term not short.
FUCK VIRGIN GALACTIC.

*and graham Stephan*
MacKenzie world's #1 prostitute!
He ain’t wrong.
Broooooo samee lmaooo
Hey, I'm just sounding the word brotha...

If I could save just one retard from getting the rug pulled from under them, then my job here is done 🥃
Made like 80% on selling a GME CC on the spike at open today 😁
Can ARKG please go up? I'm waiting!!!! 

Want to make some mother fucking money and instead I'm just sitting here with my dick in my hand
Need another green day tomorrow.
on god
does reading wsb posts count as research?
You’d better have several million dollars in your account.
Same dude
Anyone else also notice today’s volume at 42,069,XXX?
210
I thought it was obvious with Elon pushing for EOY sales, lots of good news recently, and earnings coming up
In too
youre wrong retard
Wait so GOEV doesn't sell electric canoos?

Fuck, no wonder it's dropping like a heavy rock
Well if you’re driving the short bus then it must be a pretty cushy gig
Well they're paper handed cucks.... The big dip is probably just institutions selling to make retail investors scared so they can buy in at an even cheaper price
[deleted]
Wsb answer: exercise and use the increased margin to do it again, with 50x initial investment.
Hey me too!
They start at 70-95k by me, benefits depend on which side of the salary range.
Grabbed a 1/15 45c yesterday, already up 31%
They are selling helicopter rides and transportation, not selling helicopters lol
Sorry to hear about the situation, but it's doubtful that will happen
Too many people trying to buy online with that new stimmie 🚀🚀🚀
CRSR gang 📈🚀
Fuck yeah kindred. Are you gonna buy a Tesla with that?
Great. Now California has U.K. Covid AIDS. 

I blame Lizard People.
2021 will be the year I retire from the wage slave game 😎
[and apparently this happens often ](https://www.reddit.com/r/RobinHood/comments/8u0pp1/robinhood_sold_all_of_my_holdings_in_a_stock/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share)

For context, my bank did a reverse transfer for 1k. Just 1k. It said I owed 2k, but 1k went through. So I was like cool, it's going to go through later. Robimhood even had a few pending ones that went though. Then randomly they sold all of my shares before closing! 

I've seen on a few reddit forums that this occurs often. I was switching to webull because I'm a broke autist with less than 25k and I want to do day trades. This just fucks because I walked into my apartment the other day and it was empty. I'm starting this new year without anything. I was relying heavy on this.
good idea, thanks
This is good! 👏🤝
[deleted]
You double posted, becoming your own echo chamber.
Haha This is pro financial advice. You shouldn’t be giving away tips like this for free. Start charging. When you open your firm let us know.
Stay down one more night BABA, i didn't notice until just now how cheap Feb calls are. 300 by next earnings easily.
I think we see 18 first. But then..then there's only Valhalla
Watching commodities climb higher

$MT $X $MP
Zelnicks is only 20% return annually on his performance.. he’d be up 150% though if he wasn’t a gay bear and bought pltr on IPO. Why would t he do that? Cuz he doesn’t know jack from shit.
Someone give this man a raise
Is it gonna be red tommorow
No, im bagholding and didnt break even
Sounds like StockMoe!
They have to deal with poop.
Well that makes sense. If you’re trading a low/mid volume option and put in an Ask lower than the current low Ask, your Ask becomes the low and will skew the average price.
Praying QQQ and YETI drill while TSLA moons
Today market was hell of a ride.
Are you buying mostly large share positions or do you use options as well?  I've found a lot of interest in the approach by SIR\_JACK\_A\_LOT, which is going all in on a high conviction stock play, as a swing trade.  I've been semi-diversified (like 12 stocks between two accounts of $45k) but I'm wanting to increase my returns in 2021.  What has been your primary approach?  Thanks in advance.

u/DixieNormousYOLO
Why’s everyone so salty? Like 95% of my watchlist is green, I thought today was a big win day for the market??

I’m holding SQ, TSLA, BABA, NIO, and JD calls. Anyone else got a similar basket?
Tesloids think steering wheels falling off their cars is normal, it's no wonder they'll pay anything for their stock
So, I should sell at 70? Gotcha!
[deleted]
Anyone thinking of loading up on PLTR on this dip?
[deleted]
me 2
[removed]
[https://imgur.com/a/Yxr3Vm2](https://imgur.com/a/Yxr3Vm2)

TSLA 694.20 confirmed!
[deleted]
I’m holding the following calls on VALE -

1/8 20
2/19 22
2/19 24
4/16 20
6/18 20
0DTE calls got it
Valid
6 years?  Jesus!  You are me from the future, maybe I should just stop.  Tell me though, what is your most common mistake?  Mine has been limiting my upside while not limiting my downside.  Options are awesome at accelerating the process in either direction.
CRSP, EDIT and NTLA all dropped in final minutes while SGMO gains 1.5%.  Money is flowing from Cathie MOMO stocks
Same
So I’m hoping it ends up + $3.99 AH so that tomorrow it can be -10%
oil
Shouldve held till $1000 EOY-21 autist, especially with stimmy coming.
69 420 price
Huge Print $FCEL Size: 8873593 Price: 11.74 Time: 1600 Amount: $104,175,981.82

That’s a big buy.
Clear eyes full heart can’t lose.  Just added more GME.
Making money on GME? That’s allowed here?
Only cash 💸
You could have sold yesterday
I’ve been wanting to show my loss porn but my TSLA calls printed today I went from -95% to +107%
[deleted]
I miss when there used to be a new meme stock every week. It seems like everyones just been jerkin off GME and PLTR for the past 2 months
[deleted]
[deleted]
Maybe share it with stock split news during earnings?  Wet dream come true.
market maker!
I bought one day too early for the dip :/
Yes
unless he has tanks rolling down the st, it’s a non-event
I too, am riding the retard train 🚀🚀🚀😬
[deleted]
Hoping for a BIDU-type next-level move...
I like. Let's give it a try.
So how does that help me get a picture of what the return looks like without using black scholes?
I had Tesla this morning when it was up $6 who the fuck knew it would go up $20
I legit sent one work email today
They are running out of wood for coffins, this is bullish for LL
35% over Nav with no target!  I’m in 900 shares, but def getting a little nervous this is turning into a sell the news event.
I'd take $40 million right now if it meant I'd have ED
NIO pleas recharge for tomorrow again
You are a fucking chad, fuck you
People from other countries are so much more driven to succeed here in America....which means mooooonnnnnnnn. (insert a million rockets)
Just when it entered a new buy point. F but also congrats retard. Go buy your wife’s bf something nice!
Why does posts like this get approved
I got icln calls for Jan too. It’ll be fine plug keeps running and carrying it up
This
Nurses get like 70k+ a year and full benefits, why they always acting like they are underpaid? Yall work three days a week
You need to change Day to Day+Ext or GTC+Ext
Diamond hands reporting in. Holding till the MOASS or i get fucked in the ass.  Sounds like a good time either way.
I was looking at calls through the end of Q1.  JFC they are still expensive af.
Tbh having more people short is good for the potential squeeze. This retard is gonna have to cover at some point 😂
I sold at 695 right b4 inclusion and though I finally nailed the top on something. Now I think it could hit fucking 800 by jan. Good luck to my autist brothers still in it. Unlike the fuckin HATERS here, I wish good luck 4 ecveryone except haters
long may he reign
I dont know what any of this means but I just loaded my own calls   
fk it
I think it's prostate related, but that's as far as I know lol. I know very little about the mechanisms of the body
That feeling when you’re not expecting much from your bonus but get surprised with a fatty 💦 💦 💦 

Looks like it’ll be time for some big nuts Tesla calls in January.. happy 2021 fellow tards
The fuck you want them to do? Tell you the value based on their feelings? There are tens of thousands of stocks and derivatives. They are not giving you an opinion of the value, they are giving you the actual market value, which is taking the highest bid price and the lowest ask priced and meeting in the middle. Anything else isn’t a quote, it’s speculation.
Yep pretty sure similar includes all strikes and expires of all calls and puts on the same underlying stock. One way people get around this is by closing out of their position in a particular stock, and then open the same type of position in a sector ETF so they have some exposure while still being able to harvest wash sale losses
So JD....  We going back up????
[deleted]
Trying to get my $15 membership to fuel our 🚀 and the website is not accessible in Turkey atm..boomers not getting any more shares and now trying a DDoS on us?
Damn you're right. But it's more like a boomer stonk isn't it? 10%+ do break even? I don't know man. I'm buying it anyway, like always
The reason on thinking of buying is because on Twitter if you search XL, everyone saying they're selling
No body is gonna sell tesla tomorrow... it went up some 700%... can you imagine the amount of tax the big boys have to pay if they take profit on that sht?   
then you got some shorts who will cover tomorrow...   
plus 500k beat hype delivery run...   
optimum set up for a good day.
full day actually
[removed]
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/RK-Today the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
[deleted]
My wagie money comes in and it's all going into GME and PLTR credit spreads after the inevitable dip on both tomorrow
" my situation" ? Is he a Fruit vendor in the Congo in 1854?
Yea I’m done putting money into PLTR until after lockup

370 shares @28 avg cost
Man fuck your employer
Also,
>They look around and realize that if shit truly hits the fan, they can't actually do anything terribly productive.

😂 I'm sure you're *terribly* productive, anon lol. Ahh, thanks for the laugh.
damn 6 years? what are you trading
ongod
Jesus learn to fucking google 

https://www.nyse.com/markets/hours-calendars
The reason on thinking of buying is because on Twitter if you search XL, everyone saying they're selling
I’d rather have 1k and a hard cock than 100k and have to take viagra
Post loss porn
Save it for r/investing idc about long range predictions and all that, it’s realistically probably worth 10 bucks but you can either make money off the hype train or not.
FYI - That is from a web application firewall. Could be a WAF issue or source reputation concern.
GUH
Thinking of going into ARCT after the dump. Big pump today. Dead cat bounce? Anyone else going to play?
Well one of us will be happy tomorrow at least! ✌🏻
S&P don’t know how to meme
QANON

I want to believe...X-FILES
These mother fuckers better give me that stimmy tomorrow
Loaded up on cheap puts a year out.
Up!
Not to be retarded. How do I check those? My calls need a good run
Hell yes, welcome back WSB Lord

We love you zjz
at least this guy sees green color in his portfolio. how about this sub?
What do you do next
02/05/21 $30c at the bell today for $1.40 is a fucking steal. Patience, it will go nuclear soon
I'm your huckleberry
I'm fucking in too. Lead us to victory mad lad
sup bro
Not being filthy rich sucks
Absolutely. I even paid for a PS5 with GME puts.
"Insert ticker" rises 5% as "insert bullshit and unrelated excuse for movement."
Put all of your money in a pile, set it on fire, film it.
You need to switch order type to EXT for it to execute
Ppl have been paid by the shorts to bash GME. It's so fckin obvious!
F
2/19 26c 

it WILL print
🚀ndeed
Holding on for dear life...
**FUCK PLTR**

fucked me in the ass

**TSLA GANG**

yes papa elon fuck me

https://i.imgur.com/Kr4Yf7J.jpg
[deleted]
245? Good thing is you’ll find out through Hong Kong markets
Money > Erections
None I bought at 15 when it was still pic lol
Does that mean we’re due for a dump tommorow?
🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀Our Time will come!!!!! 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Even regular heli makers (general dynamics) routinely lose on helis. This is a pipe dream pump and dump
On GME too
Ok Boomer. Good job eating your 3pm dinner. Have a good sleep.
"Don't forget to click the like button so I can get paid"
Better call up Dr. Rick Marshall
1080
Probably should’ve left “Hyper Retarded” & “Uncategorized Autism” out of the presentation document.
[deleted]
All.that.cocaine and barbiturates have rotted this poor.mans.brain.  it must now.be the size of.a raisin in that big head of his
[removed]
Jan 32.5c are so cheap
I think this is my favorite so far. The time investment really speaks to me.
I have a $150 account, asshole!
I see no positions posted on that, also if you are going to post a 1 week trend post YTD unless ya got something 2 hide.
😂
Because if it doesn’t go up a lot calls lose money
[deleted]
I love the adrenaline.  I bought DASH calls because no one expects that to work, Which is why it will.
it’s almost 4:30 the coke has to wear off at some point
[deleted]
I bought some Spy Puts. Yolo
[deleted]
Thanks bud, appreciate the head start on my DD.
I’m gonna go with your optimism and say yes 👍
Anyone know how after hours trading works on TD Ameritrade? My limit orders never execute, even when they’re at the bid/ask depending on if I’m selling/buying.
2/11/21 is earnings day. 

My 2/19/21 24c probably shoulda been June but it'll still make me the monies.
All three are computer peripherals manufacturers
Good thing C's battery percentage was where it belongs
Had to compile emails and various proofs of correspondence for my 2018 taxes because my previous employer filed like I was contracted while I was interning.  Gonna get out of this $2500 to the IRS and stick the previous boss with a $20,000 fine.  Sometimes the small guy wins.
Are the old men still fighting about money because they can’t get erect anymore???
Couldn’t even get the bus size right....
Imagine thinking tsla would plummet after the inclusion so you sold the Monday after oh wait thats me 🤡🤡🤡
But why
How much are u down lol
Then every broker is annoying
[removed]
Honest assessment: I would look at them with some skepticism. Patents are also governed by territory (e.g. a US patent only offers legal protection in the US market, not China or etc). Nano-X only has about 15 filings that would allow them to corner the market in the US, and only about 30% of those are "real", granted patents. The rest are pending.

They also only have \~5 filings that give them worldwide protection and all of them are pending. Without even reading the substance of the patents for quality or technical feasibility, these numbers are pretty low for a medical device-esque company and the lack of legal protection in the US market (and China, too--I checked) is not good news. You might be able to squeeze some profits out in the short term as the market rides Nano-X's allure, but I would not invest my own $$ in this one.
This a boomer question how do you do a RH year in review video?
Ya.
I like your style
ARCT calls n shares are going to print
Yeah ... people in the green.

I appreciate this is a casino, but GME is more like a festival that's going to sell out, if you want to party then you need to get your tickets ahead of time.
It all depends on the ER. High risk, high reward. What worries me is the death cross that took form at the start of Dec. However, no significant movements downwards so far. The moon is in sight, all it takes is to fire the engines.
I'm bullish on PLTR but it takes a special kind of retard to buy calls after the price gaps up rather than before.
Nice, I picked up another 100 shares at the dip today
Baba predictions tomororw?:(
TSLA was down $1.99 yesterday at the end of after hours and shot up over 4% today. By that logic, if it ends less than $1.99 down today or even green, it'll be an easy 5% day. 

Infallible logic
This guy cleary bought calls hoping reverse psychology would make WSB bulls take charge and pump the stock up.
245 more likely
*sad SPCE sounds*
Yep this is the bottom
40% of my portfolio, checking in 😬
Ask your wife’s bf, he may have been into trading while you were away
[deleted]
Very cool. Very legal.
what a dumbass 🤣🤣 just threw that money in the garbage lmao
YOLO AITX shares. Penny stocks gang 🚀🚀🚀🚀🏳️‍🌈🏳️‍🌈🏳️‍🌈
Maramal can tell you, he’s at the temple in Riften
140% on robinhood 

But being up 3k ain’t much 😂😂
One day Alex Karp will slay the shorts as Elon did this year.
GME gang, what do you think would be cheaper to do at EOY for Melvin? Paying off their puts, or paying people to astroturf and sow doubt for a while to turn our hands to paper? People warned a week ago that there's going to be a lot of bullshit getting posted, and I think they were right.
I’m 100% buying vix tomorrow
I noticed the price discrepancy between the calls and puts and saw that the IV difference is extreme. 251% IV on the put side while 89% on the call side. What's causing the puts IV to be more than 2.2x of the calls? 

Even the call to put ratio is 2:1 so it's not like there's just a ton 2x more puts but rather the opposite. All the while the stock is down 42.5% from its highs.
Any news with Mara? Why the dump yet riot mooned?
[removed]
Love it!!
This is the way and the truth and the life
Crazy RV dude from Nashville believed in Lizard Alien People living amongst us. 

Do you think Lizard People eat bats? 🤔
nah, was watching /ES futures and it turned around right at the lower VA almost to the exact tick then bid up to VPOC. Closed all puts and opened a bull spread at that bottom, not expecting much
TSLA open 720
LOL
[deleted]
"I did it before and I'll do it again"
Here is a video showing how an organization has used Palantir Gotham to investigate illicit ivory trade in Africa. It literally pieces data together like Charlie in that screenshot. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Q8bwhAW2Mg
Tf is this cringy ass retarded shit
[removed]
Love it
Those are gaming companies. Logitech is for office use too
Poor ass bitch
Bought Tesla calls and one put. $720 tomorrow and $750 next week would be nice.
Dear journal, I kept my pants today. I can finally go to sleep without hating myself. G’night.
OOOH NOOO I’M FINANCIALLY RUINED NIO IS DOWN .5% AH
Do you feel good taking advantage of retards?
I'm a nurse but I'm probably more qualified to be their chief engineer in hydrogen cell battery development than their current one
[removed]
Drink away my losses
This is the way
[removed]
If you don’t care about AWD and FSD then the Mach e is a much better deal than the model Y so I except it get a min of 70% of Y sales
I split a share with my mom. $347
Better than a poke in the eye with a sharp stick
Sir, this is a subreddit for degenerate gamblers. I think you're lost.
Ban WTF is this?
Just the confirmation bias I need
All they are doing is quoting you the average of the bid price and ask price.
That's like trying to get grandpa to watch Trigun. Ain't fina work.
In for theory
Get to da choppa 


(Goes hard into helic uber spac)

I mean theres little risk and huge upside right now...
You....you know where you are at right?  It seems like a lot of people forget this is wallstreetbets and meant for us degens
What times?
I hope so. Want it cable to 85
Because they are trash companies, riot is less trash
Threw $150 at this, so cheap why not.
🤣🤣
Been trading for like 6 years and have yet to turn a profit, my brain has a short circuit somewhere
Well as an Afghan Vet I never was deployed on the last day of the year so nah I cant tell ya.
If only I knew how to trade options
Up 5.5% today, still down 20% over the last week 😅
great idea. I'll get out the slip n slide soon, though its freezing out right now.
L
I went 0dte as well
because my options went down 40%
Do they pay you with imaginary cash? Like the imaginary Badger?
You are my idol
When does it report?
Great job man
RIOT easily clears $18.50 tomorrow before lunch
TSLA is trading at reasonable levels 👍
GYNA never trust GYNA shit bruh
Time to buy xl yet?
I have a date with a model, and another w very hip woman director.

pretty excited, but I do wanna settle down LOL
Because a ton of retards on here buy weeklies and have theta decay their lottery tickets.
What are you saying
You had me at “TO THE MOOOOOOON 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀”
Corsair
Oh you're doing something alright
Lol got it.
Holy fuck. That's some serious cash right there! He's a complete heavy hitter. Wouldn't want to be on the selling side when he goes buying stocks.
The pay, healthcare and office desks are all imaginary
Absolutely. The trick is to use it for SPACs near the $10 NAV floor. Then you have almost zero downside pre-merger and if you're only holding for a few months until the merger announcements, your interest cost is minimal.

Best use of margin by far. Low risk and high reward.
Feeling we’re gonna dip tommorow tax shit and there was a lot of pumping today
Check out the 03/21 $1000s now that was a good play
When employees and investors are allowed to sell their shares. But sell or not is up to them.
i'll take 30 more days like today
GOEV today be like.......I can go lower 🤦🏻‍♂️
That’s because most of the options value comes from IV... 

That underlying likely had a big swing that resulted in higher IV
Bought some myself when I saw that pumping happening out of nowhere at 3:40ish. I never buy puts and hold overnight but that was just too obvious
How can you tell that there is more pressure to sell - when you say People are selling, who are you referring to?
Lmfao
Pleas go up again
Did all arkg options go up by .21? From the dividend id assume
this guy’s history is pathetic copypaste
Can anybody explain to me the difference between VXX, VIX, UVXY? Like, which one should I throw calls at for volatility?
Is "brick and mortal" like a go to word for GME gay bears?? like yall keep on repeating the same shit over and over. Come back tomorrow to get royally anal raped
I don't like that I check CRSR twice a day to see how you're doing, but I do.
GME 12/31 20c FD bought at close just to get my dick hard
NIO huge week next week. Hoping my 48cc don't get assigned!! But I'll wheel back in if so.
Yesterday was last day to sell for 2020
$GILD 🚀🚀
Probably because they bought short term options with upcoming expiration. They are losing money by the second
Razer and Corsair?
5. Fix OR Repair Daily

FTFY....

Especially on a 1st year model. Everyone knows not to buy the damn 1st year model because chances of issues is higher.
https://imgur.com/Z4JuKLx.jpg

Nice Tesla

Yes I stole this screenshot
Can you push them downhill for us?
People are so dumb, it's going to be 30 in April, even without a squeeze.
Market makers control the stock right now—and its far easier to control under $30. Their current dilemma is fending off Alexander Karp’s “Path forward” interview on Jan 7th. 

They’re hoping to prolong investors fear about “tHe LoCkUp ExPiRaTioN” (not until February) that many believe is in January. 

That being said: Palantir has planned for this with Thiels recent 20M acquisition order.
I like it. I’m still holding a few Jan 22 LEAPS i picked up in March, when GE was trading under $6. Also had 1000 shares but dumped them for a solid gain.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jwHl6KAKRK0
[removed]
JMIA: look at me, I'm the BABA now
I did too as a hedge against my shares. If I lose it all no biggie shares will recoup and I'll sell some CC to get it back
Watch mob psycho
Ban
🥭 on the SIXTH. Do you think it’ll get spicy? Buy vxx calls??
What is this good advice doing on my retarded post
NAT
I like the one from Shake Shack
You are for sure a retard
It’s how every broker does it not just rh.
Wdym my thread has been removed?
ARKG? go up???
AAPL had the world’s gayest day
congrats bro, live that shit up and enjoy the tendies!
they dont ?
Using 23.2k of 24k available margin 😅
Silently rocking myself in a dark corner
Good news boys!

https://www.reddit.com/r/NikolaCorporation/comments/kmgqbo/nikola_is_now_hiring_people_to_work_at_coolidge/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf

NKLA is hiring!
Any veterans here want to share what trading is like on the last day of the year generally? Is it much more volatile? Tends to rally or dip?
Wish calls were not the play :/
Random acb calls 1/15 9c 10c 11c 12c
I would only use margin to buy during a black swan event only
He did just admit to that didn't he lolol.
I know it’s old news but only finding this now if I’m understanding this correctly then there is ultimately along with most shitty brokers loaning your shares out for shorts no matter what they also have an unlimited amount...
You should invest in a usa MSO if ur looking for a long term play. Multi state operator. There's  3 or 4 good ones that have postive cash flow.  I hold Cura but the others are good as well. It's a play where u need to hold for a few years. I think usa will legalize in 3 or 4 years at which point cura will merge or get bought out by a large conglomerate. 

I lived and breath in the canadian mj stocks from 2016 to 2019. I dont hold any Canadian mj stocks right now. I just hold cura @ $11 as a long term play. I'll trade usa mj stocks when leglaization talks start.
its up 1.5% today already, flying to $80.5 next week
We need another day of GME at 30+ million volume and we will see some nice results
Says the guy posting Political Bullshit...
https://twitter.com/bulldozer_invst/status/1344389274872000514?s=21
Photo?
>charts

why isn't it flaired correctly???
holy shit he is proving it actually is just a big simulation
Sorry Biden got there first dipshit.
Divorce is a pump and dump
Been using margin to buy shares of meme stocks and sell covered calls on them. Hasn't blow up yet.
[Trump on TSLA.](https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/1344272069727555586?s=20)
Made about 2k on GME puts. And another 2 selling GME calls.
[deleted]
I’m hoping it won’t. My 🖍’s better not fail me
Judging by how much money you lose to MM, I think 5$ shouldn’t be a big deal. What are you asking for 5$ about dude, how poor are you
r/deepfuckingvalue be like: Thanks
2021.
I was born to be a pessimistic gay bear. My blood type is B-Negative
>GME

it's even on the day you retard
I thought so too
Honestly, it's Tesla. This stock does whatever tf it wants so why not.
I’m sorry. I have 680 calls. I’ll gladly sell at open for another 50-100% and then let it drop for you.
REEEEEEE SO THEY CAN BUY PLTR$ still time left no fear !!!

How u gonna fuck lady bois of u have FEAR !!!

And don’t buy pltr !??

No no no buy buy and ask questions later !!
You're the wrong kind of retard for this sub
Ban
Omw to Studio Movie Grill I got a COVID alert. I feel like a bad citizen. I'm the only one in the theatre.
As I see it, yes
Dec 29
Michael bought the dip for blockbuster stock in 2010...didn’t work out too well for him
Bless the charts. Imagine if this information was conveyed in text.
Says the retard who’s trading on a platform that relies on government enforcement of contracts. Says the retard who if smart was a bull and benefits from QE. Says the retard who can’t even grow his own food and would die without the roads and supply chains enables by law and order. 

Stop watching porn and examine how reliant you are on daddy.
China
This didn't age well
This is gold 😂😂
May 2019. 5k to 327k
[removed]
Not rich enough
I am a total retard, I didn’t even buy the March dip, I was too poor to buy more. I just didn’t sell, I am up 100%. Some of my gain got offset by retarded options in last 1 week.

Look at Nasdaq it is 45% up. That’s where the strength comes from and rally happened.

More and more Nasdaq will be the preferred benchmark for market.

It’s not a bubble just a cataclysmic explosion, innovation and growth powered by the biggest natural disaster in 100 years.

All anyone had to do was not fucking sell and hold non-boomer stocks to begin with. Tech is the present and future.
I’m not an expert, but can’t it still be bullish? Someone or some combination of people bought 8.8M shares. Moved price downward a bit, but still a huge purchase.
A hol lot of jackin it
I live and die by the margin brotherrr
*Shakes Magic 8 ball*

Most likely because the options market is expecting a fall in price
I am sitting with 1200 shares average $13 and less that are still up 50%.

Gamelan has never wavered.
What is a lockout?
Surprised how many people aren’t picking up it is a meme account.  Hilarious only second to Dr. Parek Patel.
Personally think it'll pop but premiums on puts are out the ass.  Breakeven is at $110.
cant wait. need to reload
Selling tomorrow goes on 2020 CG tax? 

I thought they went off the settlement date and Dec 29 was the last day.
WSB vs Melvin tomorrow! Place your bets retards.
Biden is China's whore and an open traitor.
[removed]
7/8 of my positions ended green today. Needed that after the last 2 days. FUCK!
MA’AM!!! ONCE AGAIN, ITS MA’AM!! 

MOTHER FUCKER. TAKE IT OUTSIDE!!!

YOU WANNA CALL ME SIR AGAIN? I WILL SHOW YOU A FUCKING SIR.

MOTHER FUCKER!

*kicks down elegantly placed game display like a man*
Calls on logitech. They have no competitor
What's your price target on that?
I am BABA and JD bull and long. They both have done very well (shut up about BABA, give it time) and both will report phenomenal earnings. Tomorrow I will see my BABA, JD and my JD calls (my first option ever, yay!) rise when the broader market doesn't really get wind under its wings.
Unwell but I’m rooting for you
Yeah, I actually wouldn’t mind at all.
[removed]
Buying miners that will be obsolete by the time they’re delivered and running. There will also be a mining difficulty correction.
If they went by last executed trade I bet it wouldn't be a problem so not sure I'm the retard here
you can do same thing at casino with more chances of WIN
Between yesterday and today I’m at a wash, wh I I’ll fuckin take after that ass pounding yesterday
Pltr 3:50 pm order imbalance 215,721 shares on buy side
Too bad by investing in a party that will be later divorced we are increasing the amount of money they earn over the course of the marriage. Thus it is harder to qualify for alimony payments or favorable distribution of assets during the divorce because the party we are invested in may have more money than the other party - which means we actually have to give money over.

This is actually bearish. Buying puts on this investment fund for sure.
No BABA?
S3XY
Half day tomorrow
My puts expiring tomorrow must have been the sacrifice needed for this rally
Much better than falling of a cliff, we are now poised to strike
[deleted]
here's to you, Mrs. Robinson
That's one way to cum at it.
Can you explain the part of your post where you say you expect to lose all of your call value? I just don't understand why you wouldn't sell them today and either roll or buy more shares. Thanks.
What happened to mara?
Ask Feinstein.
Totally! I bought at 24.5 last night and this morning I woke up to a thirty dollar return
Wouldn’t be surprised to see it retrace back toward 100ema, good luck
Chart confusing. Dick stuck in dishwasher. Send help.
you know it, easy money
sounds like a plan
Source?
Can anyone help me shed light on why mara dropped today so much despite b t c going up so much?? Riot on the other hand went up 10%. So frustrating
Here to drink delicious retard tears when GME drops to less than $15 soon, it's going to be glorious 😂

I mean, a brick and mortar game business in an age of increasing digitalization, commercial real estate collapsing, and Amazon dominance...

What exactly is the path to profitability here? 🤔

You need a sound business generating value, something of worth other than sweaty neckbeards gathering in a local mini mart, to instill consumer confidence and growth.

GME is a dying brand, the latest in a long line of dying brands like Sears, Kmart or Circuit City.

My advise to all the GayMEers out there: Take your money and RUN...

You'll thank me later.
It’s HTB
Paging u/lurkingsince2006
Unobtanium hands
1000 kr is like 118 usd.
because a lot of people short the stock and it's easy to send trolls to rattle the cages on WSB.
doubtful. but one can hope.
Guess what guys!  I bought DASH $145c 12/31 before close.  12 contracts at .75.

Those MMs are gonna burn the puts expiring tomorrow.  Mark it.  DASH TO THE MOON TOMORROW!  Then back to earth’s core thereafter.
[removed]
[removed]
Mistake. Be responsible in June. Market melt up until then.
Don't think he will. He believes founders of companies are crucial to long-term success and innovation. Unless he has a different idea and desperately needs the cash he won't give up control over PLTR.
I'm built different.
Because GME gang has become a echo chamber. They made some money earlier on it and instead if selling and moving on to the next play, they developed feelings and personal attachment because they are brand new traders. So when GME shit the bed yesterday and today they are trying to convince themselfs they are smarter then the market by downvoting anyone who says GME will go down, hints the echo chamber
depends when you got on that train :)
FUJK it’s a fucking long weekend. Let the markets be open god damn it
Look at the weekly chart. People are selling but it hasn't dropped below 140 for two entire days meaning someone is buying. That's highly unlikely unless it is being actively manipulated
Wait so are markets open tomorrow?
n o v a n to the fkn moon let’s go
Wtf happened with JD ah???
Im.a fucking machine and Im telling you, you gotta workout most of your body.

Your diet is important too. So is getting enough sleep
:( but they can only go up
Went from down 37% all time to down 30% all time. We back in business boys 😎
Wait until I can gamble again on Monday 😌
wtf now lmgtfy expects me to do work? what the fuck do i not pay you for?
Good luck brotha! 💪🏽
Maybe last sale for the 17.50 was higher than last sale for the 17 because nobody traded them past a certain point today in which case I can forgive Robinhood for the numbers not making sense, but my experience tells me Robinhood isn't going by last sale, they're just making shit up taking vague inspiration from the bid ask spread but running the results through an RNG
Wow. They used play-doh
“wE aRe wAiTiNg FoR jAnUarY”
I have a 680 put for tomorrow, so probably 800 tbh
You’re probably looking at a wider  bid/ask spread on the 17.5’s tbh
Overnight moves though when BABA wasn’t trading, rn BABA is sitting at ~231 when converted to HK 9988 so it should open down tonight
Because there is not enough supply. They are very attractive to sell now
Didn’t show it for a reason - total gains: $270!
Paper hand pussies
This reminds me of skittles
Bought Tesla puts eod 🤡🤡 call me a retard
Your gunna need diapers by 20
[removed]
>LMND

Insurance that uses AI. Its an AI play
Going to take a lot. That pump end of day was super fake and volume showed it. Not to mention the dump at the last 5 minutes. I don't think tomorrow will be blood red/circuit breaker by any means. But I do think it'll be a little red or flat
Corsair up 2.5% that’s nice
[deleted]
I screened it as well haha. I also got it at $420.69. the big daddy meme stock
How else would I finger pop my asshole?
This guy yolod like 15k ok spy puts so I bought a bunch of calls inverse right?
That would be 🍒🧨
i’m bullish on gme, but got fd puts for tomorrow. i’ll sell at open then all in shares
Down .4%?
BABA gang we feeling like $250 tomorrow?
Sold GME at open and bought NIO because GME ain’t even a meme anymore it’s just desperately trying to fight market manipulation. Gonna buy some more NIO when it inevitably dips tomorrow and ride that shit out to NIO day
Yeah I was up 6k at open then down 2k around 10:30 so ending at -89 is a win in my book lol
Silver miners continue ripping bigly
If you didn't buy into VIX these past couple weeks you're an antivixxer
Still holding my shares from $550 pre split. Not selling till 2025
Good when slightly sour and especially in the summer
Why isn't lemonade a meme stock yet? Shit goes up or down 10% every single day.
[deleted]
GUYS any plans for long weekend?
It’s called funds absorbing shares that people were too pussy to hold onto.
How many of ya'll use margin? I have avoided using it, but it's getting too tempting not too.
[deleted]
Probably options delta on their FDs
All for wasting money investigating a thing that's been thoroughly examined and found to be accurate over and over again? Or all for blaming companies for the actions of their users thus limiting a ton of free speech?

He's the scum of the earth. Among the worst human beings alive. Should literally be publicly flogged to death.
The world is our oyster

\-Cathie wood
He belongs on death row. Traitor pig.
NIO $50 EOD tomorrow
That’s what I was sayin! It seems to always move in the after hours/ pre market pretty good. Then it’ll either tank or skyrocket the first couple hours. Then it’ll just move slowly lower midday. Then it’ll run back up after lunch, usually ending slightly lower or higher than open. Today though was different! It didn’t tank at midday, which led me to believe it was gonna run higher(pure guess). I think big fish are ruling steel stock trading and are mostly trading in the after hours/ premarket. I bet steel gaps up pretty good tomorrow, if it does, I think it might be a Pretty bullish sign.
Who said I'm hating? I'm like a 6 out of 10 right now, working on a 7.
Someone give this guy a benzo.
[deleted]
binge anime
[removed]
Na. Let's dig a whole lot further down the rabbit hole of my idiocy. Do please tear my thinking apart if you find fallacies. 

Throughout all of human history, extreme levels of inequality always lead to eruptions of revolutionary violence. We're seeing increasing rumblings of this in the west. I'm sure you've seen the many "jokes" about guillotines and eating the rich. 

Levels of extreme inequality are bad for everyone. It's bad for the people who get squeezed further and further into the ground, and it's bad for the people at the top, who live increasingly stressful and neurotic lives because they recognize the instability that the disparity is creating. They look around and realize that if shit truly hits the fan, they can't actually do anything terribly productive. That's why they've all been scrambling to build their bunkers in New Zealand and think about ways they can keep their security forces from turning around and killing them, https://www.theguardian.com/technology/2018/jul/23/tech-industry-wealth-futurism-transhumanism-singularity

Now, this has happened before, and civilizations collapse and new ones take their place. 

But this time it's different. 

This time it's global. This time we've already locked in snowballing climate change which is going to require massive scale technological efforts to save ourselves from. This time, we've already burned all the readily available fossil fuels, making it unlikely that a new advanced civilization can ever bootstrap itself to develop more complicated renewable energy production. If we don't figure out how to halt and reverse the ongoing arms race of wealth inequality, then this will be the last great collapse of civilization. 

I don't know if there actually is a solution. But I do think this could be THE problem we all have to solve.
+1.69%

Nice
Not really, the scale is rarely largely enough to have a huge impact.  It’s more of cluster of activity that was going to happen anyway.
So it can reach a high of 28$ for the next month
Alright boys taking a break until April. Gotta be conservative with my finances. Just holding onto my PLTR shares. Gotta study for the cpa exams and lock down grad school. 

Stay safe and don’t risk what you don’t have. Lmao watch my positions I just sold RIP
Not a bad prospect owning PLTR this low
Bro name 3 things different between door dash and uber eats besides the name
Fuck
LOL my mining rig makes $1 a minute 🤣
They're expanding? That's bullish no?
Took good profit on AMZN, NFLX, NIO. Out all of my SPX poots for bigly gains today since it found some support and didn't break below VA EOD. Opened a small debit spread that we don't get lower tomorrow but now I'm shook that AH ramped right to the low again. Will short futures if we break into Monday's gap up and trade /ES below 3713. MOC was heavy to the buy side, we'll see what DIX GEX says
Bro you wear holey underwear
https://i.imgur.com/oi0lPMV.jpg
How far out?
Up 5 down 5
It is the way
Could be a dark pool settling.
It’s the bid ask spread not them you retard.
All in STLD. Steel going to da moon 🚀🚀🚀
694
A thousand bucks? No, you're not.
As a PLTR Share owner, I can confirm that he does in fact fuk married milf’s
Why are people acting like GME crashed when it's down 0.5%?
Up 88% in 3 months...shit the bed...
719
I do, but I don’t have to have a position to know that yours is retarded.
Love losing thousands every day
Gratz on gains
F.
Congrats on the tendies brother.
Cause I sold puts
Red. -.68% price movement.
bro i’m 17 and this happens to me
Something I was wondering with oil stocks. Right now crude prices are remaining somewhat stable compared to march thanks in large part to production cuts. But how long will opec remain firm and continue cuts? Assuming demand remains half of what it was in 2019 going forward which opec nation will say screw this we need to pump to generate more income?
GUYS any plans for long weekend?
Hmmm must know something maybe a big PR coming soon
If an attractive target is announced it’ll only go higher right? Basically a gamble with less risk (20 dollar redemption on shares if it dissolves? Or a rare sub 20 dump if it’s fucking Bumble)
PLTR didn't hear no bell
Vury
Can’t wait for Jan 1 boys. Pandemic will be over with, jobs will be opened back up, and the world as we knew before Covid will be back the way it was!

Cheers to the end of 2020!
1.43%, not much but it's honest work.
Did Romans even know what coffee was? Fuckin idiots
imagine thinking TA is something one "believes" in
“So what kind of investing do you do?”

“Oh, I’m a value investor, I find stocks that appear fundamentally undervalued compared to their intrinsic value but which could potentially offer low but consistent long term gains.”

“Ew, gross.”
>  last hour

last week+
Got ass blasted by Corsair a little bit to start the day then everything turned out all right. All of my accounts ended green on the day
total gains?
Yarp
well my calls are still in the red too but its on its way if it keeps this trend of near a dollar gain a day i will be happy and my calls will print hopefully
[removed]
u/zjz what are your positions bro
IRS rewards tax evasion reports just fyi
Healthy EOY pullback
When you buy XL at the top and keep loading more. Fml.
I wonder what they know, that we don't.
My wife technically.
[removed]
Amazon calls EOD 🤑
Fuck yeah!!! Post it on the front page!
i'm more like the person 11 seconds later
chill out bro
Hey are u stalking my moves bruh 😎 😏😏
I get paid New Years Day.

Guess I might have to be responsible with my money and pay off some debt rather than going yolo because of the 3 day weekend.
3
[deleted]
Yesterday was last day
I hate you and when did you buy them
Fucking rigged market!!!!!!
Jacking off
I'd say cash out and post winnings here for that sweet sweet karma
Or cover to claim losses for 2020 and exit their shit positions before they are totally fucked when we hit $245 by February
nobody knows but buy the dip bb
Did you check the sub rules?

Edit: wording
Holly actual fuck. Tesla is magic. 

I finally caved today and sold all my TSLA shares. 

I YOLO’d at 424 back in September on my second TSLA ride. Today I sold everything at 694. I think I’ve had enough drama for a life time. Thank you Elon.
Which direction
Yeah kind of . Nio could be worth a lot more in the long run, and I definitely think EV hype will carry it far over the coming months at least.
UVXY at $10 continues to be free money
Calls at close is all I know.
I mean could this be the case if volume isn’t there?
dont be a hater
[deleted]
Buy slightly OTM Feb calls, they are on discount. PLTR day will trigger next level up, IV crush won't be too bad. 10x $30 2/5/21c bought at closing bell for $1.40, should make 50%-300% gains if you don't paper hand these bad boys
bicep curls and skullcrushers
>riot

Yeah wtf idk either. I think people panicked at towards the end I bought the dip
It’s AH. Who cares.
[deleted]
My portfolio up 7% today, what about you guys?
I hope the ccp browses these threads sometimes just to see the pure beauty of degenerate capitalism.
Do you even fuck married Milf’s tho
Someone’s playing a fucking flute or some shit in my neighborhood and it’s so fucking loud, hows this shit possible
I thought it was done bleeding. It was setting up nicely..
Lol. Maybe once it's back down to 22-23 at best. But now is not the time to buy in. However, swing trading PLTR is incredibly profitable right now.
Ok. Who’s got the 694.20 screenshot. Post that shit!
Post loss porn
Me reading my year end portfolio performance
Hi
Same. Already up 20%
Good shit homie
You mean there are people that hold positions for more than a week?
We're not done yet
8.8M share candle on FCEL AH. 🤔
Congrats and fuck you 🚀🚀🚀🚀
Imagine being a pioneer like Milken and now he's catching strays from WSB
Might exercise tomorrow
Sold 1000 shares for a small gain and put it into AAPL.
Thoughts on Lemonade?
You gotta give a little push on the gooch after you piss

Works every time
So what Robinhood is saying is they have a special offer for me where I can pay someone to take this shit off my hands and watch it go to 0 for me? I'll consider it
How drunk are most of you? I'm no grammar Nazi, but like 75% of the comments below me have hilarious fat finger typos.
Hold on, I’m calling grandma, she knows about these things -brb.
Being part of something bigger - is always a GAIN. This  is the way
KULR down 65% in two days totally healthy, great investment strategy
I let go my shitty CRM calls today as I ve been losing for two weeks str8 on it now. Feels good. Idgaf if it moon. I dont want to see it my portfolio
Someone bought 3 million PLTR shares before closing today. 
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/Eqg65XVXYAMYqYR?format=png&name=small
Yeah, that's what I said.
[deleted]
why the fuck did Mara tank?
yep, I second it.
You kiss your wife's boyfriend with those gay lips?
Same. Historic
#MARKET IS OPEN ALL DAY TOMORROW STOP FUCKING ASKING FFS OR USE GOOGLE.COM/AMIRETARDED
[deleted]
Age bro! The older you get the more you drip
1 minute off guys so close to history. 

 https://imgur.com/Va8tthz.jpg
bro im not a machine, I'm an unfit skinny fat 34/m
January calls? congratulations on you boulder sized balls, my man
Ford 9$ calls expiring that day. 2 cents a piece 
Had to cool my gambling with something stupid while I wait for GME🚀
GME diamond hands, please check in
BUY PLTR$ u cucks !!!

Stop being a dame simp 

Become a man and buy pltr$
Agreed Morty. Thats why I'm surprised it didn't jump today. Im guess Q4 earnings will be nuts because of holidays and covid. Plus Chinese New year starts February 12th.
I would lick xi’s ass for baba $300 eow
today was one of those days futures predicted almost exactly what i thought would happen:

morning run-up off AH gains and intraday profit-taking like clockwork

not bragging just nice to have win for once
Post loss porn
Dear god
So from what i I understand, there will more than likely be a big red day for GME tomorrow. Gonna try manoeuvre sime things around to buy the dip but just want other GME shareholders to know that the shorts will come hard asf tomorrow!!!

GME GANG 💎😎🙌
Tomorrow last day to get in on DISCA before streaming is released
Listen bud as long as paper hands like you don’t sell this tickets going to the moon, these gay shorters feed on your anxiety and double-guessing. Do you love your mother? Wake up and grow some ass hair, this baby’s going to the moon if you just don’t let go
Turns out spacs aren’t just free money
[deleted]
Wtf when tf u selling
I was really invested in his arc at first, it had so much potential but then they just massacred my boy
Wow. Awesome day for all the TWNK bulls. This shit is the new Tesla.
So the numbers look better after the pump tomorrow
I’m glad I never hopped on that train, Nio and Dsgt held me way up high today
Doubled my money on a tsla 700 bought at like 2 pm.
Still not sure what height has to do with it...
XL = Xucking Lame
TSLA EOD tomorrow? 710 or 680?
Buying GE and Palantir I’m hoping GE goes to 20.00 by 2022 I’m also buying AKBR
Printing money right now w my PSTH $25 call
down 40%
glitch relax
i'm loving the people getting butthurt over the mitch memes
The GME haters definitely all have puts, because this is the funnest meme train ride I've ever been a part of (holding shares).
Someone bought 79 mil of PLTR after the bell
Someone has been doing the same on FEYE the last few days.
Damn VIX/VXX ded at the end of the day...I thought the current political climate would warrant some volatility but this market don't give a fuck about anything I guess.
Sold puts and bought calls at today's bottom GME. Hope it's done its little dip the past few days
Did you bring screenshots?  Can’t see how that would fail to convince him.
Flat day = theta day

Going to be the same tomorrow. 

And next week

Me like.
glitch
Just shotgunning some Mountain Dew, Kyle
AH doesn't mean 💩
Sorry I mean Tesla to $1000 !
board hostle at intel management shakeup. intel ded
we mooning tmrw
the fact that theremis no downvote buttons ensures that it's full of whiny bitches
[deleted]
\[Discussion\] $PLTR - will it hit $100??????????
Hold dumbbells and squat....
my new phone background, Thank you
Good job mods . Surprisingly, not gay.

No homo
This MF be playing you.  He's loading up on calls.
I watched Tesla for like 10 mins just waiting to get a 694.20 screenshot and I got it lets gooo
If my math isn't wrong, BABA HK had \~+13% the past two days
Stonks-> UP
Annoying is a understatement
[removed]
Just file bankruptcy and erase all that debt haha. Fucks your credit but who needs that when you’re just one trade away from the next warren buffet
GL. I'm also waiting for a solid ER. Looks like a solid short squeeze. 🚀🌕
No selling. Only buy. Red days are a thing of the past. Buy calls ez money
Gonna make him pay for my shares with his wife's boyfriend's engagement ring
Up $2k today, down $5k this week. Nio gonna take me to tendie town
Mitch secretly loves that COVID happened so he can wear masks that hide his turkey neck
I hope this happens too. Just to watch my shares lol
Seriously. Bought yesterday. Felt great.
Tried warning you!
I think people are more confident in the market than I expected.  Next year will be a good year.
I make bank of selling AMD calls. If it hits about 95-97 that's usually the "top" i found and it sinks back down.
🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
End of year taxes are coming. Master race ROTH account holder be like huh?


No curls? No flies? Squats? Skullcrushers? Cardio?
GME only red... lol
[removed]
I see a fellow Avanza user
Robinhood's terribly programmed options value estimation is really annoying and currently says my call debit spreads are down 111.76 %

Apparently at market close today people were willing to pay more for a 12/31 17.50c than a 12/31 17c

I feel like my landlord's sheep could notice that makes no fuckin sense & program a better algo, and they're not even smart enough to escape after wind blows down a 20ft section of fence
I just hope ARK recovers bigly by January
So you don't have a position but still talk shit lol. Get some pussy man. It'll make things better
Well you're going to get fucked or maybe not. Good luck
This is why we know Melvin is infiltrating and have a plan to try to avoid the MOASS.
No one gonna say anything about this guy not existing and it being a troll account?
Weighted lunges or Bulgarian squat
The only time algos on our side
They must have hearing loss to think turtle beach is quality. Too much exposure to loud music piped directly into their EarPods
Bro I do this and the first time I practically shoot a little all over my toilet! It was pressurized
Yet that guy still makes $12 more in a year, by dividends alone, than most of this sub does by taking out loans and using margin accounts to trade options.

To put that kinda cheddar in perspective: he can take his wife's bf out to Wendy's and order an entire combo meal with his gains.
Depends on your broker, but you typically get ~half the borrow rate, and right now annualized that's in the high teens/low twenties. You give up your voting rights through lending, but can always recall your shares in the future / opt out of a lending program. No guarantee your shares will be lent, and the rates fluctuate daily--it's a spot market driven by supply & demand. The issue here is there's simply not much incremental supply.
Squats, lunges
Did y'all see that TSLA $684 just now?
Down 32% this week. Aiming for -50% before 2021.

My 12/31 Tesla put should help get me there.

Fingers crossed guys
My Tesla Tequila arrives today. A fitting end of the year and the beginning of a new one. Will polish off the bottle overnight like a real degenerate.
lol at the retarda still posting in old thread
 PLTR is a big time long term hold.
whos poppin bottles in the comments
My short call 250 8th
Tomm bby. 20% jump
Well done! Imagine if you saved those lots in November and sell them in December instead!! O_O
Good good
Let the weak hands exit
PTSH and ICLN calls for January 15th. Just Uninstalling Robinson till then.
It’s a shit stock so yes. Whenever I get my stimulus check or get my tax return :)
Why would it not go up?
i used up all my day trades for the week so I'll have to figure out another plan for tomorrow
[deleted]
Bezos plz
$5 each. More than I would pay for a share of NKLA
Why the fuck is Tesla dumping?
More like 368
I’m playing arkg for that rebound, good call imo
Yes
They are on track.. it’s not a guarantee
Squat with dumbbells retard
Steve Jobs’ ghost gave me a handy in my sleep and said it was gonna moon 🚀🚀
Meant 7% not 70% my bad lol

That would've hurt even more bruh
🤪
yes
Goblet squats
It's a matter of time - don't paper hand it!  If you jump from stock to stock you'll typically miss the bumps.
This sub has gotten alot quiter after GME shit the bed the past 2 days...its as if a million autistic voices cried out and then were suddenly silenced
GME gang where you at? 😂
Hey fuck you buddy
Don’t forget curls in the rack
$380m market cap on that ticker. Yikes!
Hoping AMD has another good day.. I just want a new computer..
i was told stnard
no one gives a fuck
TSLA omegalul
Yes like anyone when they talk about stocks.... 😂. This is literally a sub for sharing opinions about stocks
Impossible! Some billionaire bought a stake in it, it can only go up!
GF opened a Robinhood account today and she went all in on ARKG. Convinced her to buy 1 BABA 12/31 242.5c for .80¢ late in the afternoon.
Will I come out looking alpha or like a beta Zuck cuck?
If you like money, then yes
Calls expiring tomorrow gonna print??
🚀🚀🎆
i’m dying hahahahahaha
Watch my stocks shit the bed then drink myself to sleep.
All green
What's the cause of this BS??
All good. I was an autist and out all my account in there. So I’m at 30k overall. 15k in cash now. So I can day trade as long as those calls print 😆
is this sub turning to the twitter account of Dr Patel or what? getting tired of seeing those posts
!remindme 2 years
Good, buy more, pump my calls. I wish I could make myself as confident as you but I'm not selling at a loss.
Which equates to like 20% on calls, even more on weeklies exp tomorrow that some ppl bought because “Short squeeze!!!”
[removed]
Thanks! I’m really hoping there’s a morning pump and selling. 🤞
[deleted]
$76,000 fine for these companies is kind of a joke..
I’m not a Tesla Bull, but from what I understand and hear/read, the Investment case for Tesla goes beyond just EVs and involves adjacent opportunities in energy (solar), a stand alone battery business, an insurance business, and then the robo-taxi / TASS opportunity. And I see your thread been removed anyways lol
Im too afraid to look, did ark dip at the end of the day?
Is tomorrow standard close (4pm EST) or early?
BABA 250 EOW
Where the fuck is my boi chimpu when he is needed
[deleted]
Am I allowed to realize my losses on PLTR tomorrow for this tax year? Any strategy to kinda get around wash sales?
Lunges
I am a huge PSTH fan. That being said, it's pretty high right now. You will make money at this level, just more of a risk
Thats true. I know thers a very complex model for pricing options, so its not so simple as looking at percent changes. But also looking at the detla and the theta doesn't help me get a realistic picture of how much the value of the options will change based on changes in the stock price. For example, one option has a delta of .5 but it went up 15% today on change in the underlying of 2%. Knowing the delta is .5 doesn't help me extrapolate at all. I get that its not accurate, but its just a back of envolope sketch so I an get a picture.
[deleted]
Someone just bought 3.74 million shares of EBay AH, and a similar pattern has been going on the last 3 days.. do what you want with that
Anyone that thinks shorts can cover with ease is simply ignorant, or a paid shill. The actual tradable float for GME is very small compared to shares outstanding (69.7M). There are simply too many shares short. Anyone conflating high trading volume with ability to cover more shares (\~68M per last FINRA release) than are in the tradable float (much less than that 69.7M) just doesn't know what they're talking about.
Yea it did just the previous day, most of that HK movement was catch up
[removed]
Not as retarded as a guy who bought 371 puts. I don’t really know how you think you’re right, you’re a weird guy
Word!
Before the dump there's typically a pump
That's what onlyfans gets you? We get to fuck in the ass?
Impressing retards on WSB who don't even buy options on their DD isn't as fun as you would think, but I will be happy to tell you how my 12/17 10c puts turn out.
I believe they are the same thing, contracts with an expiration date 1 year or longer.
Anyone know why amd was up? Not complaining just wondering if there was a reason.
$BCRX short squeeze incoming, get in now!
Feels so good selling PLTR bleeding into my profits. I should have sold way earlier.

Fuck PLTR. Shit was a 2019/SPCE pump n dump

Never FOMO
I'll have you know I'm up 8% this month, hmpf.
ok, i gotta learn those ones, maybe thats tomorrow
Haha that would be bad, luckily only a typo here and not on RH
My account briefly glazed over 25k today and I thought I would finally be unbounded by the PDT shackles, but I didn’t sell
N00B
[deleted]
Pleas fly again
Stocktwits is a great place to go when you want to be a whiny bitch about a specific stock
I took profits on my JD calls today, this thing doesn't like 90 but might get back in on another dip
same with my 690.00 i lost money on it
This feels like the September crash all over again for aapl..... and I have my whole portfolio in calls for them 🤡🤡🤡🤡.
Up 29 somehow 😅
Would you accept the CCP as your overlords if it meant BABA went up 5% tomorrow? I’m willing to make that trade
I'm not that smart.

 [This article about the "January Effect"](https://www.investopedia.com/terms/j/januaryeffect.asp) seems interesting.
Maybe NET comes back? Pleas fly?
Only if you want to be rich
IF YOU ARENT IN DSGT, YOURE MISSING OUT ON FREE MONEY
I didn't say it. I declared it
I’m selling 900c fort nightly  for like $150. Who’s buying these. Wtf.
I love theta gang.
Yea but if he had to sell one now it should have been pltr, then buy back in a year at the same price. Then to the moon 🌝
Yea amazon erased all my gains from yesterday and more 
Terrible. Should have just dumped all and put into nvda
Up $300.  That's $300 I wouldn't have had otherwise.
What u seeking?
Last day to get Baba on sale lol
You dont seem to understand what a casino is sir.
I'm bleeding
CVNA 1/15 252.50C 🚀🚀🚀🚀
Biggest green day I've had in a while. Swing trading PLTR is becoming so easy it's scary. I'll get burnt one day I'm sure but until then I'm keeping it up
Only way is up.
"today"
GO EV can GO EF itself. What a depressing chart. Daily and weekly 😔
Down $109 much better than the past consecutive-1k days but that’s because all my calls are worthless now so 😅
Imagine believing in TA 🤡
I can’t wait for Affirm
I got my stimmy money ready to fly
AMZN please moon tomorrow
Well announcement is in Q1. You’re still in time but time is ticking :)
Spy calls got clappped last hour
Seriously, I do that all the time. Why isn't it APPL? Would make more sense.
I dictated this comment on my KFConsole.
donno how with dumbbell, ride a bike aorund the park?
Assuming you mean January 2021, the merger will happen during the second quarter so you don't need to worry about that.
wanted to so bad but i can’t make the right moves so i inverses myself and bought puts :’(
Yup, anyone saying they are leaving this place always comes on back. Myself included.
It was 44 a week ago :S
Imagine not selling GME at the top lol
Look at this richie with their bottled water
lol could have been the past week... esp when it brought 20-22
Man, that canoo is a special kind of turd
These are the yolos i can afford
Gonna buy some more AAPL if it doesn't spike AH or PM
What the fuck is up Kyle
We move.
Okay but what is this in American?
It was down .6%
come back in a year to look at this thread and look even more stupid than you do right now
**Judge finally got back to my attorney and told him that my spending time here doesn’t count as “Volunteering” with “Special Needs Kids”.**

Oh well. Didn’t hurt to try.
Well it’s just $10k today so not worth the effort. I’m sure that’s life changing money for you but for me it’s not that significant.

Big gains coming tho
Yeah and I wouldn’t be surprised if it’s OP’s and he’s trying to gain followers
There are alot of times that spreads are over max loss before expiration. The one your short on has more extrinsic value for whatever reason and the bid ask spread could be wide. If you let it expire or close it last minute on exp date it should be right at max loss
It means ejaculation
SQ
x20 GME $20c 12/31.

 I want a 10% day from GME tomorrow thats all I ask. :[
[removed]
Hope for a miracle
looks like 6% gains
I’m a paper handed bitch boys. Sold 80% of my GME in the last hour of the day cause I think the shorts hit us hard again tomorrow like they did yesterday. Gonna buy the dip if there is one.
better than -3,000 or whatever wacky shit someone must be looking at right now
get rid of that (-) next to GME
[removed]
Brans story was garbage. I kinda always wanted to fast forward through his scenes because I just wasn't interested in him
it's up .04%?
Lol.
BABA USA didn't moon like BABA HK did (+6.40%) 🤔
Bought GME yesterday. Because you told me too I bought more just now on the dip. I must be retarded.
what a beautiful formation on TSLA 1d and 5y chart
Lmnd puts
[deleted]
We sitting in here -- I'm supposed to be the franchise trader, and we in here talking about profits. I mean, listen: We talking about profits. Not YOLO OTM calls. Not YOLO OTM calls. Not YOLO OTM calls. We talking about profits. Not YOLO OTM calls. Not the YOLO OTM calls that I go out there and die for and play every YOLO OTM call like it's my last. Not the YOLO OTM calls. We talking about profits, man.

-Allen Iverson
Feels bad man... Sorry to hear
Legs?
You forgot squat squat squat and deadlift
did you short SPY for end of year or something? like what
Wait for the GME dip and go all in
Today did not go as expected.  FUCK
Run your finger up your urethra on underside of your dick starting at the balls, works like a charm
False. Plenty of people posting about DXY retard
1.66%... not a one upper just grateful I saw green (-40% past month I’ve been a straight retard)
Anyone else red today
There’s always a spot behind
Do I jump in on PSTH?
BABA calls, $76,000 fine on 3 companies is a slap on the wrist and and warning flex  from Pooh Bear.  🧸 BABA will be back to business as usual. Plus earning around Feb 11,
Thats called trading like shit
Idiot you didnt say that im sorry 😢 i feel like a dick now
GME had a stroke at 4:01 lol damnn
Sir, this is a Wendy's
He has a colored past and criminal record lol
Confirmed?
Today was a day where a lot of really shitty stocks went up a lot...be careful!
Wonder what 'similar' means. Like how strict. Because I can just buy a different expiration date.
what do they do
He actually does shit
yeah i kept scaling ~$200 gains but honestly could have been a 1-2 bagger given i bought as low as $3 when it first broke out and pulled back.
What does $90 mean to you?
No need to insult me. If you don't believe in a catalyst you buy puts or stfu and sit down.
I’m turning commie tomorrow when BABA reaches 250 🇨🇳 🇨🇳 🇨🇳
You are Gucci, don’t worry!
Fuck you just let me sell for a profit at open
[deleted]
A whole generation of GME bagholders was born today.
Depends on if you are short or long I believe. Short - no, long - yes
No
Alright I know this is a long shot. But any idea why the 1/15’s all the way up the option chain have crazy high OI? BO speculation? Historically do pharma BO’s happen early in the year? 

GILD 1/15 60,65,70,75 c
Ended  down 89 dollars today ill take it
how was this long ass comment first???
[deleted]
You can do anything you like. Just buy a substantially different stock and you can harvest your losses
Good day today, rock hard over here
Pray that SPY hits 373 tomorrow or else I’m eating ramen and bottled water for the next week.
good luck
[deleted]
You’re in the sweet spot. There’s some million dollar lurkers and most are $5k max Robinhooders. You’re doing fine
My dumbass sold vipshop before it popped 7% today
XL hitting 22 ain't an issue when you bought at 10 😈😈😈
Dumbbell bench press

Dumbbell military press

Dumbbell rows

Dumbbell lateral raise


This is enough, right?
[removed]
noone gives a fuck
He looks just like Ted from scrubs. I wonder if he gets flop sweats
So glad everyone here is dumping PLTR just like RKT. We got better fish to fry
flat until 2021
100% bro. After I turned 29 is when I started getting piss in my pants after pissing. High level annoying
It's not going to be economically viable when the entire Western US burns down, FL and LA are underwater, the south becomes uninhabitable due to heat and hurricanes, and god knows what else is going to happen.

In 60 years our grandchildren are going to curse our names for whining that non-carbon emitting energy was "expensive."
mr Xi will hold you real tight
Why throw away your money like that
I think it helps, especially because it is hard to tell when DKNG's big breakout will come.
Same bud
[deleted]
If you're betting against Tesla, remember that you're betting against:

1. autistic strength of fans and investors
2. Elon tweeting something amazing at any hour of the day, even at 2 am 

In fact all it takes is one Elon tweet interpreted as beating 500K deliveries and you're wiped out.
[Fuck the shorts](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kn9ff4/melvin_capital_gme_hobags)
gtfo out of here with your stonks
PLTR FUCKKKKKKK
Just looks a lot better than it did a few days ago before sir jacks post, I had stocks before he posted and the routine prior to that was to open high then drill all day on basically no volume
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/Category_Thin the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
[removed]
Spy closing at 375 tomorrow
ARCT's in free money mode after that drop. Bought a 1/15/2021 ARCT $95 Call to see if it's a crapshoot. Already up +53.33% (from $.13 to $.23) and it's a long way up. IV also didn't skyrocket like BABA after its drop. Gonna go with a few grands in ATM tmr
Clearly....
[removed]
Youre either a fucking genius or a moron. I could see it getting rejected at 700 tho
#FUCKING BITCH ASS, STUPID ASS CHEATING MARKET, RETARDED COVID BOOMERS FAKE ASS MANIPULATED ASS FAKE ASS BITCH ASS MARKET FUCKING FUCK.
PLTR actually closed RED for me on $26c 1/15 lol WTF
Yeah we’ll see, tomorrow and Monday are decisive days
Okay just making sure. So this has a huge impact on the market right? Lets say everyone sells in december to harvest losses but they can't buy back into the market for 30 days, making January a flat month right?
Is it really? Point me to an article I’m interested to read about this. There’s nothing revolutionarily ahead of its competition that I see
Just came to say I bought two shares. I support you tards!
I would have been in but you didn’t put a 🚀
you buying puts then??
Cool story
[deleted]
Shoutout NIO for saving my account🙏
[deleted]
Holding a small number of $30 2022 leaps myself that are already in the green.  Hopefully this one rebounds nice.
Hahahahahahaha you fucking clown. Told you that pump was fake af. How retarded are you?
Loaded up in 0DTE calls just about every strike this week. I need a miracle
Why because of settlement times? I thought they were immediate settlement for cash accounts?
Would love a nice pump from  🍏 tomorrow to close out those year
$UVXY 12C 2/19. Locked and loaded. 🔫
😘
For that performance fuck that
SPT, I use it at work and think it's great.  I have been watching it for a while and it has dropped quite a bit recently.  They have a good growth rate and a lower (by current SaaS standard anyway) ARR multiple than others.  Also, they just promoted their sales head with like 3 days left in the quarter, which should mean that they hit it out of the park in Q4.  Going heavily long on this one.
[GME dd just posted](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kn9ff4/melvin_capital_gme_hobags)
Don’t we want more shorts eventually? They will also lose when everyone finds out what the tech is/ Ryan Cohen e-commerce push etc
Until you realize you typed APPL instead of AAPL
[deleted]
Watch BABA go green on the Hong Kong exchange.

Watch BABA go green during pre-market trading

Watch BABA red candle stretch down-down-down-down from 9:30 am to 9:31 am

Watch BABA trade sideways just below the strike price
Make a shit ton of money off VIX
[deleted]
Crying isn't helping so I'm gonna just smile as I get railed by giant red dildos
What position?
nothing to post yet, only a couple fallen soldiers
Same
Honestly I shake for like 5 minutes and it still drips in my shorts. Getting old is not fun
Yea in 2022 covid is now just a seasonal virus and travel is back on. I have some rycey 😟
Unless we limit up, yeah
yeah dude i exited with a 500$ gain but if I would have held probably around $2600
I’m hoping it shoots up at open, bought some 750c for like .20
[removed]
F
Someone ring the bell on this year already
pls baba
wsb goes in cycles, SLV is coming round the bend lol.
This is the way.
Someone throwing around 400k ain’t gonna post some bs 2500 gain. However there are hundreds of people who have $200 accounts that get lucky with an option and 5x their money, don’t care to see that.
[deleted]
its been trading between 35-40
i am definitely wrong about this, but i think it will hit 245 at some point tomorrow and then start trading basically sideways for a month
Everyone has to start somewhere my son
What makes you think it's done dipping?
[removed]
I’m just here for the tendies and the free gold
He probably is long and is teasing the retards to pump it , im selling puts
New thread
GME calls just wrote some [DD here](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kn9ff4/melvin_capital_gme_hobags)
GILD stock is manipulated so much you can use options to buy the stock at a discount.
Okay just making sure. So this has a huge impact on the market right? Lets say everyone sells in december to harvest losses but they can't buy back into the market for 30 days, making January a flat month right?
Where’s the dude that was shilling BLNK puts all day based on his “DD” that has been known about for months? Get fucked
Unpopular Take: DXY probably falling more on minimum wage hikes than stimulus
Yeah I did not see that coming. My account sure appreciates it though
We need to see the court filing or it didn’t happen
I didn't research it enough to even ty and explain 🖕🌈🐻
[deleted]
Okay just making sure. So this has a huge impact on the market right? Lets say everyone sells in december to harvest losses but they can't buy back into the market for 30 days, making January a flat month right?
Couldn’t agree more. Once PLTR builds skynet we will be rich and the machines will save those of us who helped it in the beginning for last.
Yes.
Okay just making sure. So this has a huge impact on the market right? Lets say everyone sells in december to harvest losses but they can't buy back into the market for 30 days, making January a flat month right?
I might be wrong, but I am pretty sure that with regards to short term trades, if you have accumulated wash sales that are still active, you would need to close your wash sale positions, harvest your losses tomorrow by EOD. Then you cannot open those same positions or similar positions until the beginning of February. I would love clarification from someone else who knows this better than I do though. I'm in a similar boat.
God damn. Just remember if it doesn’t work out, there’s always another way out
[deleted]
Whoever else bought the uvxy dip ur the real ones
Okay just making sure. So this has a huge impact on the market right? Lets say everyone sells in december to harvest losses but they can't buy back into the market for 30 days, making January a flat month right?
Come on Cathie, tell us what you did.
When gamestop drops 30 cents I dont post 6 times in 5 minutes crying about how shit of a stock it is an how my whole portfolio is fucked
!emojify
GME died lol. 10% down yesterday and today was a theta gang fuck fest. Post loss porn
Easy
https://i.imgur.com/AfbbDD9.jpg

My coworker is retiring. He loved Warren Buffet and vanguard funds.
Is GNOG a thing over here in WSB? I’m nothing but a lurker here but couldn’t help to ask on this thread. They seem to be opening up sports betting in different states soon.
[deleted]
[deleted]
watch ZM get included in S&P soon... may be even tonight lol...
[deleted]
Where are you plucking these 4-5 other businesses from. They have data for self driving  cars and some solar panels
Hold GME unlike the other btiches in this sub
Who else has call options expiring worthless tomorrow?
i believe you have to wait 30 days to buy back in to whatever you sold at a loss, otherwise as pointed out its considered a wash sale
Do we still have time to sell losing positions for taxes?
[deleted]
[removed]
JD you were 50 cents away from making me bust 😤😤😤
best otm leaps for someone trying to win the lottery?
New here but have been lurking here and there for a month now. Just started in stocks last month.  All your energy made me buy 100 shares.
Pltr is retarded but a 60B market cap chinese wannabe tesla isn't?
Then what are you waiting for 😈
Notice I said HOLD not trade. The volume is there to day trade for sure.
Hedged at the top bro, I’m thinking PLTR has a really large tank and March is the expected launch date after the lockout bullshit is over (everyone fucking nervous about it) 🚀🚀🚀
I have a 1000 shares at a cost basis of 10 lol. No loss porn on this one 😅
LMND puts

PLTR calls

BABA calls

Which of these is the most retarded
[removed]
How the fuck is my RAD call debit spread down 111.76% ?? I thought the maximum possible loss was 100% for this type of contract wtf
Nah - but I sold a call for tomorrow so prepared for it to go away
So this is how it feels to not care about stonks 

Truly don’t give a shit about market tomorrow cause this fuckery is getting annoying
Space your buys out more than 10 cents.

Don't buy more unless it drops to $75.
I have 155 shares at 26.13$ so I’m pretty much level right now. I know it’s not a lot but it’s a lot for me 😋 Ticker is PSTH
Okay just making sure. So this has a huge impact on the market right? Lets say everyone sells in december to harvest losses but they can't buy back into the market for 30 days, making January a flat month right?
Fish
agreed..
🚀🚀🚀
Imma need it to brrr tomorrow by about 2% or I’m gonna own a lot of shares of it 😬
Held my CRSR weeklies hope that wasn't a bad idea
Already neck deep in shit might as well submerge. Smells the same lol
I too wish for CRSR to moon
Almost had my account go over $70k today thanks to papa Elon. 

Peasant money, I know.
thanks fam i need that to feed the kids.
“Dow Jones has gone green for 4 days in a row, when will this hot streak end?”


I don’t know about YOU, but MY stocks have gone red for 4 days in a row bitch! WHAT HOT STREAK
Good afternoon WSB, I hope you all have a 694.20 finish to your year 🥰😤
low volume week. everyone needs to relax and buy more shares. it's fine.
Very helpful thanks for this!
JD closing at the today’s high is bullish as everlasting fuck, not to mention the hype articles that all came out in the last 24 hours

JD $87.5c 1/15
fuck fuck fuck why

just kidding, what's up
Needs more lube.
How high will it climb in about 2 years? Could this be a tenbagger? How much needed is Nickel und how much of the EV batteries get it from Vale?
[deleted]
Cathie If you see this I wanna buy you dinner
How red? Red like looks like we are eating in the next couple of months or red like getting a job washing dishes at Wendy’s on the weekend red.
Cool, thanks
You misspelled 'retarded'
i'd guess they're leading an investment group - like when Magic Johnson bought the Dodgers
What was that dude on the other GME post saying that there is enough float for the shorts to cover since their positions only get updated monthly? Can someone smarter than me explain?
More GAXY
I mean sure I’m all for it, but why’s he gotta use the suffering of Americans as a bargaining chip? Almost like a hostage situation, “give me what I want or the people get fucked “
[deleted]
End of market dip was only for taxes.... Big green flamboyant erections in the near future boys 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
9 Mil shares \* $56/shares = ?
This pleases the nut
[deleted]
Last day of the year tmr. All in
That was disgusting
Hermaphrodite here
Still time
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/NoSwimmer7699 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
[deleted]
I mean if you read my post I was talking about relative prices
I surprised, last quarter they sold $100 MM+, but market cap is $300 MM.

Definitely undervalued, I have some calls and shares. $30 is fair value imo.
Losing money to me doesn’t even fucking phase me anymore. $SPCE you piece of shit $22.50 incoming, then $19 and below. I know some 17 year old lurker will downvote this because he owns 14 shares and used his $650 paycheck to fund his investment
Is buying CHU calls actually retarded? Someone give me some opinions.
i sold it for 1.60 literally ten mins before citrons tweet
whew what a day for TSLA. not sure how many times i traded that TSLA 690c but honestly should have just diamond handed it vs scalping it heh

no recap yet cuz got a few meetings but will post one eventually
$500 says TSLA doesn’t finish above $700 tomorrow.
Sooo vxx?
I’m just gonna keep selling weeklies at $32 until it hits and takes my shares away. There are better places to put money right now, but I’m not gonna paper hand these shares.
[deleted]
This is the way.
Pretty impressive tbh
Ok boys. Sold half of my 12/31 680c TSLA. Let’s hope for a good day tomorrow.
Talk you bastard, we hear you.
Theta is my mortal enemy. I’m here to get rich quick, or live at home trying
jesus some of the people in Webull comments are genuinely retarded you almost feel bad for them
I hope not tomororw. I held into me be for next week the week after and tomororw I’m retarded for not selling the ones for tomororw. Cause there will be a dip on a half day
be a gay bear with my end of day spy puts.
Shits insane huh
Does it crash when it finally reaches $17 🤔
what was that price action on SPY 12:59 about 🤔🤔🤔
[deleted]
Why are you retards doing this.
they have a presentation at the ICR conference 

https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kknuk6/gme_icr_conference_words_matter/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf
You can’t just say it
[deleted]
I might as well start an onlyfans. At least I could get paid to be fucked in the ass.
Calls are down 30% over yesterday and today. Post loss porn
all major indexes trending down. tmrw should be interesting
Jing’s Dong (JD) pumped the shit out of my IRA today. Let’s go!!
They gotta pay that 170,000,000 for their miners.
Bought 12/31 TSLA 680 Puts to get you guys past 700.

You're welcome 👌
You be a good boi now
$25 at a longer date would have been more reasonable.  Don't get greedy.
I bought more share of $GME. Feeling confident
You mean spy calls?
i hate reruns
Buy shares you idiot. IV is going to make you it's bitch then on the 16th we'll all have to listen to your retarded shit about PLTR not being worth anything.  

We are dealing with a heavily manipulated stock.
only reason i didn’t yolo a 700 is because of that shit. so much volume. no way they let it happen
Made 5% gains today. But still down 7% for the week thanks to the shit show of last week and monday tuesday. hope we recover some more tomorrow. looking at you ARKG.
[deleted]
Another shit day, this week isn't going well lol
Best thing to do right now is to buy USA MSOs. When usa legalizes which will take years, it's gonna have to be a conglomerate with billions to spend that will be a major player in the usa. I think someone like constellation brands comes to mind but any big alcohol, pharma or tobacco company has a shot to enter the markets at that time.
[removed]
I DECLARE BANKRUPTCY
MT gonna print
Picked up 13x 7c using money I found in my couch cushions.
Should have sold for 7.9 then
Fuck holes
There is MP DD above. Seems like bags are getting heavy over there.
My March options did 190% today
Hang in there GME gang. Let these naysayers have their moment. They just don't understand 🚀
GME post loss porn
Why not roll it out further away?
bul close
Any evidence to back up your claim?
all in on DRNK
Tim Apple you give me no hope, if you are green tomorrow I’ll sell at a loss (-88%) for tax loss harvesting purposes.
Gold is what pensions funds have to buy once bonds finally kick the bucket. They can't hold silver-- too volatile.
[removed]
PLTR still fueling right guys? :(
Fuck yeah gang
I made 50 cents today
[deleted]
Post all your gains porn plz
I talked about this year in particular. In hindsight
Im sick of refueling. how fuckin big is The Fuel tank on this Rocket?!?!?
The more you talk, the more confident I am in GME cause you sound soft
And then bounce around 200-300 in 2022
I couldn’t care less about what they do if my calls make money 🤑
Stock price was 6.66 when I did it mark of the beast 🔮
Baba  moon pls
Almost finished green because of a ridiculous ask on one of my options, today was a good day😎
yay pltr closed green!! its the little wins!
See how he’s holding that girl by the arm.. wtf
Another record on the Dow, driven by *Mouse Gang* gang
1.43% up today. Could be worse.
Too short dated my dude.
$GME Bought 2000 more shares at the dip today shorts are so fucked🚀🚀🚀
Shaking out paperhands and dip buying. 

Literally nothing has changed with the play.
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/Capital_Bid_1257 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
[deleted]
https://reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/knapes/what_are_your_moves_tomorrow_december_31_2020/

new threads up daddios
Post loss porn
Bro i follow your advice like it’s the goddamn bible, my inheritance will be in PLTR stock
Spoke too soon.
BABA boys hold me I’m scared
I just Keep averaging down PENN and it’s not working
[deleted]
If you're reading this you're alive and you can play again tomorrow.
Call up a mortgage company and say you wanna buy a house. They’ll talk your ear off for at least an hour.
Why is GME not $30 yet?
I'm playing it hoping for a gap up to $50 and I'm out
Post loss porn
Yes
WTF mara
TSLA 700c 12/31
I saw it. Toot toot 

 https://imgur.com/Z4JuKLx.jpg
Good day boys, came home from the mall to see tesla up and got in made a quick $1500 from the 696 EOD RUN UP. Hope everyone got some tendies !
ARK? Ark.

&#x200B;

*Arkk :\^)*
Scalped some spy puts at eod for a quick 11%.
Copped another 2/19 because Sir Jack a Lot gave me a boner, up to 16.7k rn
I bought a call at close because of this lmao.
HIMX made some good gains today
GME going to the moon in 2021 🚀🚀🚀
Then don’t buy 🤷‍♂️
Nobody is going to make you make money if you don’t want it.
let's fucking go $HIMX gang
[removed]
So what even happened in those last 10 minutes lol
CRSR trending up at the end feels bullish, because when it's been downtrending it's been opening high then drilling all day, this is the opposite
[removed]
SPY needs an ambulance! 🚑
no thats a wash sale
Dropped 6 spy puts at 3:00. Already in 200 on them as market closed..
Delta means how much your option value changes due to the change in price of the underlying. A .7 delta would mean for every $1 change in your underlying the option should move $.70. 

It’s the other Greeks driving your value up. It’s not going to keep moving that much with your underlying. 

Your underlying can actually go the direction you want, and you can still lose money on your option if IV crush / Vega plays against you for example.
JD you were 50 cents away from making me coom 😤😤😤
[deleted]
Vxx right?
No more "Shitpost"? No more "Storytime"? 😭
Another day of pure green! In other news I have just been told I am colour blind...
First
What the fuck is up with dash not going under 140.00
Wow that last minute sell off on SPY..
Yeah thinking maybe I should get out of ARKF and just move into SQ.
almost
No, it's a wash sale
I dunno but I bought at 25 thinking that was the dip. then it dipped and dipped and dipped some more. Mmmm 7 layer dip.
Fuck
#PENCILS DOWN RETARDS
Hit $36 after hours just now
Google wash sale.  Short answer no
This is the way...
#FIRST
Way to hold the GME line. Yeah we lost the early gain but only game them 12 cents. Hell yeah
*yawn* lame day
Pencils down!
25x 7c 12/31 and 25x 7c 1/15/21
This guy maths.
Buy FOUR
I’m long and committed to diamond hands it all the way, but the recent movements are sketchy. I think it will be this way until earnings/lock-up ends.
Hope you bought your VIX hedges for tomorrow
FUCKING GAY DAY
I'd absolutely love it if TSLA goes down by 3% tomorrow
Did you buy another 400 on the same expiration date?
hi second damnit
someone tell me what the fuck happened to mara today
Wtf is this LMND stonk? Edit: First! Yeaaah
:P
[deleted]
[removed]
Sold a cover call on XL for 1.60 it went up to 7.90 then i bought it back today for .90

Shits wack
Cool bro.   


Got anything to say that's actually worth reading?
PLTR pleas BRRR again
That’s your fault for being a poors !!!
REEEE
I post my moves to let the smart folk inverse me. May God have mercy on our long vol souls
F to anyone holding TSLA 12/31 overnight. 

MMs fuck with that every week.
wash sale
🔔 🚨 🔔 🚨
You guys might wanna buy SLV instead of the same trash meme stocks over and over again
[deleted]

Be careful when making the “obvious” play.  Everyone knows DASH is overvalued after IPO in a pandemic year.  The big boys would rather build a 140 buy wall than let your puts print, and they’ll stir some excitement soon to dump the shares for a profit later (I’m sure JPMorgan has an “analyst” to give it a $200 target).

Just look at the absurd DASH lines for today and 5-day.  I mean I barely even know what I’m doing but even I can tell that shit’s manipulated as hell.
Sold half. Got marked as PDT 😭 I locked in the gainz though
Positions? Also I feel this.
Bought two trucks here:

[https://store.nikolamotor.com/products/nikola-tre-foam-truck-limited-availability?taxon\_id=1](https://store.nikolamotor.com/products/nikola-tre-foam-truck-limited-availability?taxon_id=1)

Everyone is saying they are years away from delivery and the tech isn't there, but these showed up immediately! I can confirm that they are in fact pushers, which is great because they don't actually require hydrogen infrastructure. 

Unfortunately, all revenue on these is donated to charity, so they won't be profitable, but that's no change.
TSLA really has retard strength
Good game folks.
I like it, picked up '23 leaps. They are fairly cheap anyway.
What a fucking day my brothers.
SPY: Psyche! 😂
son of a bitch
pltr has a batman curve within a batman curve
they won’t let dash break the 140 floor smh
That’s a really sound investment. In the 90s.
What’s gold do?
fuck it i’m just gonna inverse myself here. wanted to buy apple calls but instead i bought 25 130p for 150 bucks as a lotto tomorrow
Some breakout for big tech.. am I a boomer
CRSR wildin out
WHAT A FUCKING CLOSE NIO!!!
Should have got Tesla
What? Avg volume is 10 mil. Aapl not even 200mil
Just got three 135c 1/8/21
[deleted]
I have no idea what to think about abcl.
Has Soros unloaded his PLTR yet?  Is that the slow drag down?
Same. Glad I sold yesterday.. Imagine playing weeklies. Thank you Lord Bezos!
We are here dumbass.  Say something.
damn I am one lucky mf I sold yesterday
Lol obvious finish
Dumb tax question. Can I sell everything tomorrow at 3pm to harvest all my losses? Then at 3:30pm buy back into everything and hold those for a year and have them only count on my 2021 tax return?
[removed]
Why?
wild last minute
I WANT $2000 NOT SOME PUSSY ASS $600 THATS NOT EVEN 1/3 THE COST OF LIVING FOR ANY CITY WORTH LIVING IN
Showing how?

What catalyst do you see in the next few days that could cause a 20%+ drop?
60 k u can bounce back ez 

We will save pity for the small street boys
Hopefully a 40 dollar stock by Jan 15th lol
Best we can do is 235
RYCEY is national pride of the Bri’ ish...  I think it’s one announcement away from 3X 

But what do I know
Isn’t SQ part of ARKF, smh that shit still flat as hell
So gaining/losing .025% of a million dollar account is a yolo now?😒

Jk this looks cool good job
Keep up the solid yolos friend. All this share buying nonsense around here (gme gang excluded) is getting annoying. I want to play weeklies like a true autist
AMZN WTF
...
Grabbed a couple for shits n giggs
Yes it's now thier money
drillllll
Either holding steady or dropping until March. Still gonna buy every dip.
Honestly I believed them before lord Cohen, Daddy Nadella en Mr retard WSB. Gamestop looked like an other blockbuster but when I saw the revenue went from 9B to 6B from 2011 to 2020 I was pretty suprised. Right now there are just too many positive headwinds to not pick up gamestop under $40 IMO.
BS product, BS business model, but non BS industry. Aging women will buy any age-defying BS. Men too. So many BS hair regrowth products.
every day?
$ABCL mooning, thank you Peter Thiel <3
They literally have all three of those things.
I wanted to buy SQ 6 months ago can we pls go back thx
717-695-2747

i got you homie
Mr. Clean going on a rocket ship to Mars next week . These 35's will be ITM sooon
Why is XL tanking so much?
Literally have no one to talk/text with. Losing my mind
134k all time high now at 58k in less than a month
Pltr 25.5c 12/31 let’s go
Take profit TODAY !
Low effort. Ban.
[removed]
But it doesn’t cause there’s enough volume for them to all exit in a week with no share price change as long as it isn’t all in one day
Hoping this is the bottom for AAPL. 
Praying for Moon energy tonight! My credit card advance is hanging in the balance!
I would’ve done the same if I didn’t have to take possession of my new house in March! This is literally at least a $40 stock
Straight for the post history, looks like that one really got to you. 

My calls are in the money bought when share price was 15, you can slob.
As a long term holder, I’d like to know as well. I’m patient, but WTF..
Zero, because they're all sold out.
If TSLA opens at 670 tomorrow im drinking piss
Definitely. This last 10m fake out is foreshadowing
GDXJ fellas
Disgusting fuck the ccp
Of course
I bought PLTR because someone here said the CEO’s hair looks like Einstein’s
It isn’t glamorous but it works. And unfortunately takes the largest amount of self discipline.
Thank you $SQ!
VIX.  Manipulation 🚨
Supra vs the world
I'm doing this for the money man. I'd wait years before I paperhand anything! Let's get it 🤜🏻
UAA just popped up on unusual option activity. C20 16 July 2021 for 1.70$

&#x200B;

[https://www.barchart.com/options/unusual-activity/stocks](https://www.barchart.com/options/unusual-activity/stocks)

&#x200B;

What do you think? /u/[u/ZealousidealFan8589](https://www.reddit.com/user/ZealousidealFan8589/)
Why do I keep buying dip on MSFT. Such a flat trash all year
I have a feeling that this XL sell off is paperhands selling for tax deductions.... Please god I hope I'm fucking right
Anyone know where I can rent a jet for 10 minutes.  It won’t be going anywhere.  Just need to shoot a short video.
No.
SQUARE making me nut
I grabbed 6 hopefully scalp at open for some lunch money letsssgooo
So how much did u have at the high

Was it 134k or is that current balance 

I don’t use shitty Robinho of
Palantir in an awesome downward trend for a month
It's gonna be so close to 694.20
so glad i wasnt greedy and took all my amzn gains yesterday. down 1% but greeks are much worst for those march calls
Bruh take the bag
[deleted]
If you think the squeeze is happening why did you sell?
So 3 mins to spare?
Bro...yuck
Why did you idiots hang on to XL? Lmao
I’ve never seen anyone care more about anything than Europeans care about Americans on Reddit. It’s almost like an obsession
LMND!!!
i cant stop buying steel calls :(
guess we gotta buy shares.
And if we don’t it drops dumb fuck
He got rewards for penny stocks? I could buy 100 MFA shares and get more back in a month for less than tf he’s puts his money in if he wants dividends
Does anyone know what kind of interest the shareholders get when their shares are lent out if any? I'm on Etrade right now and not on margin but I'm happy to let bears dig a bigger hole for themselves, especially if I get interest.
I'm in let's get this shit retards

x30 7c exp 12/31 and x10 7c exp 01/08
OOOH SQ, I felt that right on my prostate 😍
Lord😳that’s not even a pornhub subscription after tax
Bought another 400 contracts
Only a fucking moron would buy into PLTR and not day trade it right now. 🤡🤡🤡🤡
Hope it closes now.  Ouch
May the CCP have a long and prosperous reign with BABA by their side every step of the way 🇨🇳
my bank account. I will give you save you money and let you keep 80%.
Those posts belong over on r/BabyStreetBets ?
[removed]
Best idea I’ve heard on WSB. Most people here can’t see past a month.
TSLA is totally gonna end at 694.20 GUH
epic
OOOH SQ, I felt that right on my prostate 😍
The gods gave me a gift for shoveling my old neighbors driveway
I didn't find any posts that meet the matching requirements for r/wallstreetbets. 

It might be OC, it might not. Things such as JPEG artifacts and cropping may impact the results.

 This search triggered my meme filter. This enabled strict matching requirements. The closest match that did not meet the requirements [is this post](https://redd.it/kgzqv4)

*Feedback? Hate? Visit r/repostsleuthbot - I'm not perfect, but you can help. Report [ [False Negative](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RepostSleuthBot&subject=False%20Negative&message={"post_id": "khsz7o", "meme_template": 89313}) ]* 

[View Search On repostsleuth.com](https://www.repostsleuth.com?postId=khsz7o&sameSub=false&filterOnlyOlder=true&memeFilter=true&filterDeadMatches=true&targetImageMatch=86&targetImageMemeMatch=96)
[removed]
Do best!
Lol wut
lolll you right but wanted to hold through the January catalysts
There's definitely some whale preventing DASH from dropping too much. Shits manipulated
Fuck off commie
Serious question - is PLTR in trouble?
Fax what happened
xanax bars 🚀
Who the fuck shot DOCU?
I'm not on the GME train,  but am offened on behalf of all my retard brothers and sisters. Fuck that guy!
Great, now replace "GME short" with "2021"
Why we probably breaking more all time highs tomorrow
That shit ain’t going way over 700 bro and premium makes the 700c pretty expensive for a 1dte
Why
Yeah we got sent home at lunchtime because there just isn't much to do lmao
Idk, I bought the dip just now with 1/15 10c
hold the 694.20 line
I think long term (years) may pay off big. Also idfk
I'll tackle that bear. Only in for 1 for fun though.
My God these last 10 minutes are nuts. Rockets ripping higher all over the place.
I did then sold
For a loss :(
This is a tiny market. They could get 2000% of the used PC parts market and still not support all those stores.

The whole things reminds me of the death of Radio Shack. There's just no market big enough to pivot into.
Lol you so mad. Have fun being fat and broke. Fucking moron
Lol @ the 🌈🐻 downvoting
Means they have fat margins when they sell you that POS.
That’s $4.16 per month - cuz like maths. Impressive.
>you dont lose it by gambling here. Its similiar to unrealized gains that eventually expired worthless. you never had it . so why worry about it

you dont lose it by gambling here. Its similiar to unrealized gains that eventually expired worthless. you never had it . so why worry about it
Giving up on being a retard, bought equal positions in the active ARKs/ICLN/MJ/JETS see y'all next week
SQ continue momentum into tmrw ?
PLTR successfully wiped out today's gains 🤪🥲
[deleted]
And I'm over here greedy asf crying about calls that are going to expire worthless, but up overall 23% on the month.
Checking in 20c 3/19
Diamond handing so easy just use a tranquilizer on yourself 

Pretty ez
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/sllik the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I tried calling daddy jpow but he doesn't pick up
Wells Fargo, Nio Day, Short BLNK, Calls on BABA
Facts I thought about selling a call and going for a spread and might still do that. Might sell an $85 or $90 call.
It's raining gold in this thread while that boomer's twitter thread has zero golds. It's obvious who is right!
who knows...   
1. stimmy pass = sell the news. no stimmy pass no sell the news.  
2. window dressing EOY  
3. Big boys sold stocks that were in the loss and now buying good stocks...  
who knows what's the truth...  
All we know mitch is a cnt.
I'm not a bear so I prefer to call them buying opportunities.
[deleted]
Yeah, that fake pump was just to hit the stop loss on your puts, sorry
[deleted]
Ginger (Tina Louise) is the last one alive from the cast.
u/RepostSleuthBot
What happened to mara?
I have no clue.  Some dumbass on WSB had paid for it.  He just looked like a rambling washed up 20 year old meth head.

Seriously need to find it because it made me laugh so much.
You dun fucked up A-Aron
“PLTR stock of the future” my ass. This is a piece of hot garbage in my portfolio
[removed]
Avged down a bunch on my BB leaps today how retarded am I?
[deleted]
you dont lose it by gambling here. Its similiar to unrealized gains that eventually expired worthless. you never had it . so why worry about it
It went up like .1%, wow what a super sleuth you are. Have fun losing money.
so baba 245 tomorrow right?
Next time can I shovel your driveway for 20 bucks
Baba do better 🇨🇳
I posted a DD in here on my alt account. Turned out being a little overzealous, but I stand by most of it. I still think we’ll hit $100 by the end of next year.

https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/k8vc5d/wish_ipo_a_giant_in_the_making/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf
🐝 core, next memer
Does the market close early tomorrow
shouldve bought a rental property instead
[removed]
Lmaoooo
I think someone changed the difficulty settings in the game to Hard(cock ramming your ass)
Yes. Yes x1000
who bought that TSLA dip tho?
Threw a few bucks on it for something to watch tomorrow.
tsla aint hitting that $700 is it ?
damn aiming high, my goal is to break even!
[deleted]
Yo why have people stopped buying shares of PLTR?! Kinda outrageous if you ask me
JD you have 4 minutes to make me ejaculate
FUCK I am thinking about taking my losses on XL and GOEV
Lololol
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/SemiSweetStrawberry the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/kunjinn the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
[removed]
I guess so. Every stock I'm in has been red all week. No memes.
What happens then?
696.66

?
Can anyone tell me why mara is down and riot is up? Is it due to share dilution? Argh I am bag holding HARD :(
Anyone with a loud voice and a desire to make money through manipulation
Since your DD is essentially "i ThInK HEAR iZ GoInG uP BeCaUSe StOnkS oNlY gO uP aNd I fEeL iT iN mY nUtS tHat iT wIlL"

I'm in. HEAR to the moon 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
If you don't get in on tsla right now you're going to regret it. Also I am retarded.
This but inverse
I'm your buyer.

Thanks for the free money.
XL is now L
lmao wassup fam
Okay, I'm tired of overthinking the market, I'm just going to put all my money into stocks that I like and delete the app. I'll check back in in a few months.
How’s OP holding up? I currently have 3000 warrants that I bought for 3.37. 500 shares at 23.35. Sold another 10 puts on $20. 
I am with you on this one big time.
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** IPOs this year recent performance WSJ

**URL:** https://redd.it/kn9jnw
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=kn9jnw) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/cuckmaker420, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
vik556
OverpricedBagel
azee76
360NoScopeDropShot69
no no no  🎤🎵

no stimulus 🎤🎵
Good luck man, we will see how it plays out, I have 200 shares so worst case I can buy back 100 and try to make the difference for the rest on another stock
4050 shares @ .622 cents
cmon BABA to 239 and we can all end the day on a good note here.
Apple puts for tomorrow. Come on 1000% gains
baba yaga?
You're buying stock in an SPAC with little experience in mining using a depleted source. Buy the options if you're so sure but your stock in 5 years is gonna repeat the last time it went public. Bankruptcy.
Covid deaths spiked up again.
150%
[removed]
They're alive. This thing just will not die lmao.
That means you’re thinking too much
I literally can’t pick one fucking thing right, right now. How is it possible to be this bad at this. It’s almost like we’re fighting against computer algorithms or something
I want everyone to know I hit the 3 yolos in a row

If I don’t no worries, just another retard ✌️

Best part is when someone makes way more gains than me on my play 🙄
Wow what a brave brained boomer
Username checks out.
Spoke too soon 😅
Bought 400 more contracts today
this sub has some of the best mods. Lets us do and say whatever we want and doesnt ban for dumbshit like cussing a stupid mother fucker out when he's askin for it and givin it right back.
Look at the technicals. Is sitting on its 50dma from the 1hr timeline. I was buying calls of it dipped to $369.50 (100dma) but instead it decided not to dip that far
Ok Pakistani Transgender Studies Group
TSLA
all the time
How much u up?
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
Mary Ann >>> Ginger
TSLA PAAAAHMP
[deleted]
No
Lots of OI on APHA Jan calls. Dems winning Georgia.
[deleted]
LMND!!!!
Chamath, nuff said
No you didn’t
I'm tempted. Do you have good DD?
jan 11th
LOUD NOISES
Silver is the new gold!

SLV
Maybe we go with Tic Tacs instead
[removed]
SPY 378 EOY what did i tell you
They don’t make the appliances, I believe they sold the name, so appliances are manufactured and called ge but are garbage. Sears did the same thing with craftsman
Is there a meeting for XL holders? Please tell me there's cyanide in the refreshments.
Oh baby TSLA, please open right at 700 tomorrow. Make my butterfly fly away
Challenge accepted! I'm going to buy some more calls.
Hey! You come back! There is still 4 mins left for the day!
You're going to have more losses for the year if you don't sell that in the next 5 min
All my bets have been wrong so far, so it will probably hit 1k eoy
BA reversing
uhh well looking at the change in my options value and change in ARKG its about 5% per 1% on average. What does delta have to do with it?
Sometimes a man wants to gamble lol. That was one of my less serious plays. If I was gonna go in on it for the 9th I’d do a big spread
Buy AAPL now and sell it at open tomorrow.
"The WSB Trifecta"
decent icln recovery today
Probably Saturday or Sunday
Anyone else 'working' today but with almost nothing to do so just fucking around here instead?
AAPL puuuuump
Yikessss should have just bought shares and sold covered calls. Make Theta your friend
Buy high sell low. It’s the oldest trick in the book.
Fucking bought calls had a 20% gain and didn’t sell then had to sell for 50% loss and burn my last day trade lol
Anyone know of any potential catalyst events coming up for GME?
Would be neat if TSLA reached 700 this year.  One more day.
For why?
VXX 12/31 16.5c for 0.35 is free real estate
ARCT long
[deleted]
When in doubt, buy calls
HIMX
What happened
Buy the dip and sell the calls ans then buy puts
I like being risky lol
Im a pretty terrible person and even I have trouble laughing at this meme, even though it looks pretty fake.  I have a friend whose mom actually witnessed something like this in real life many years ago.
Ya and you better go to your local public square tonight for the New Year’s Eve countdown
So it’s not just my entire watch list that spiked just now
HEAR is turtle beach? I had a turtle beach headset once it fucking sucked. Hard pass from me. Good luck with your yacht
Strike, expiry?

You can't just say a ticker without positions
What is pumping SPY wtf?
Gold wants to break out.

Will Jamie Dimon let it?
Let's get this bread brother 🚀 That's a great entry price.

Just remember this stock volatile AF, don't paper hands if it dips slightly below your entry
Gah.  TSLA single handily keeping the SPY in the green!

Re: Swiss National Bank. 

Stop fucking buying TSLA shares with your fiat currency backed by nothing.
This is actually correct
What date is TSLA announcing delivery numbers?
We here
😉gonna be a good morning
yahoo finance
Nah I’m going for something big. Last year at this time people said the same thing about spce and it hasn’t really done anything since it’s initial rally
Thank you XL for another minus 7% Day.
I’m more curious as to how Master P and Baron Davis got 2 Billie just layin around
What is causing the pump
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** TGT Retards, Buy Now.

**URL:** https://redd.it/kn8ij8
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=kn8ij8) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/G_Bartan, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
Delicious_Size5598
OverpricedBagel
Dawn Wells a.k.a. Mary Ann from Gilligan's Island dead due to COVID-19. Damn.
Well.. 2k a day keeps the doctor away.   


GG and Happy New Year, tards! Luv u all!
just call and tell them you didn’t really mean it lol
literally free money
U gotta be near minimum wage (no 💨)
Btw saw a tweet that the fubo short seller report dude is talking on cnbc at 5 today. Curious to see if fubo drops more on that interview. Would be a sign that boomera bought.
I'm down 10k this week
Pls bby don't. That's what shitron wants. Don't play into it. Soon we'll be their wives boyfriends.
I buy and hold tqqq, doing great long term despite all the myths about decay.
[deleted]
Same thing.
but it wont reverse right?
GME above 20 eoy
[deleted]
I’ve gone for MARA
I agree, but then we would miss out on those posts where someone is up $500k and then goes full retard down to $0.
I own 22 calls expiring in January of 22. Does this mean when the merger happens I will receive options for Tilray as well or will it price it into the option?
[deleted]
Who here has GME, NIO, and PLTR?
Shares go on the market and it recovers to ATH.  Shit is gonna melt down at some point.  Premiums on puts are stupid high though.
PLTR bulls are dead
Were did GME gang go? Have they been wiped out
This just become an anomaly
VIX way too low for this chump change gain
XL WTF are you doing????
I work retail and everyday there's boomers but also kids buying turtle beaches they even say that's the best brand for headsets. We've been selling out everytime we reload
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
Wtf was that spy
What the fuck is going on
[deleted]
upvoted and gtfo u lucky mf
Who is this slob in a hoodie?
I think it's going to run a lot. Seems like we made the right call.
You can trade options directly against the ticker symbol VIX.  The ETFs like VIXY have a lag and don’t  always correlate directly to VIX for short-term trades.  VIX is a futures trade more than a stock trade, so it behaves a bit differently.  Closing price the day prior to strike date is the final, ITM pays out cash (not shares), etc.
GME is one hell of a ride
Palantir calls 1/8 let’s goooo
So is the market open for a full day Tomorrow?
What does that MEAN though, like money people lost buying options?
Fair enough. What price did you buy in at? What’s the ticker?
Not just AAPL. Everything is getting ridiculously pumped this last 15 minutes. Doesn't feel right at all
JD i can only get so hard!
doesn't mean shit to me. I bought it at the dip. $35.99 a share.
My goal for 2021 is to afford a Tesla off of pure market plays. Let’s see what’s up
he won’t even bring it in to be voted on, how is that giving it life?
GME tards: if you can't handle the heat, get out of the damn kitchen 💎👐
Even me?
I agree. Love your username btw.
Probably get hit with an overdraft fee assuming you don't already have $600 in your account
Lol just a bit too high of volatility
Nice. Now treat yourself to a nice dinner
I will if and when we dip hard on reopening. I like selling puts on it
calls
diamond handsing GME was easy enough. I just had to strap myself to a tree and ask my wife's boyfriend to cut me down when he's done fucking my wife.
cathy bought a fk ton... i wouldnt go puts on it.. .just leave it alone.
Repost
Thank you random wsb autist for convincing me to take a flier on those cheap 134c 12/31 for 🍏 . Got to love that end of day rally
If you have shares wtf are you worried about?
I can’t believe E*TRADE only gives me $100k in day trading purchasing power, how am I suppose to make money
[deleted]
Don't bet against the 🍏.
You can not be serious right now.
Stimmy already hit my checking
Is it bad that stocks is the only thing my parents will talk to me about?
^(wait until tomorrow...)
Don’t worry. Already made $5k from scalping them today :)
Ok elon likes to make share offering at all time highs 

Another 5 billion soon ?

Would be very smart actually for the over health of the company
Hexagon is the bestagaon
$AAPL for tomorrow is free money.
CS major here. Here’s the best way I can explain PLTR:

♿️🌒
Somebody take this game off easy mode
I guess the first rule about insurers is to buy the dip
thats some impressive green candles right now
Idk but I bought at the bottom so bet
What a bear trap... LMAO!!!!
Oof.
What’s the overnight play?
I swear Softbank is manipulating the market again lmao
[deleted]
Way to be, happy for you 👏
Fuck I really hoped my stimmy would hit before this SPY liftoff
Holy hulk candles. 🚀🚀🚀
Wut up bb 👀
Not sure they actually make appliances anymore. I thought I’d heard they licensed their brand name to Whirlpool or similar, but might be wrong about that.
QS pleas fly again!
Been shoveling all day and up 14k :)
Stop saying dildos! This 30 cent shit isn't a dildo!
precisely what i was thinking
Josh Brown looks like his wife is cheating on him and he knows, but is staying with her for the sake of the children
NIO volume today
Might as well pump it to 375 🤣

Manipulated pos
Selll dude please
694.20

HOLD THE LINE BOYS
Thank fuck I didn't dump my TSLA calls yesterday
funny watching your sentiment change over the last few weeks
Good job!
breaking out to a price it was at 2 days ago lmao
Update?🚀🚀🚀
Probably down this week on the new covid strain and bowl games being cancelled.
On what?
Nice.  Locked and loaded!
🌈🐻
He's back
insolvency
Let’s get vertical
Imagine if the market was only open for 10 minutes per day, the volatility would be pretty cool
You die
Meh, you’ll be down when it tanks in just a few weeks.
MARA 🤣
Idk man have you considered rolling these so you don't get shafted by theta?
TIM COCK!
AAPL $134 12/31
It should be index linked. Minimum of 1 SPX
Saw it mentioned a few times last week tho. Wasn’t particularly interested in it then due to gains already bolted. 

What’s next is a gamble on them pushing out Panasonic and other suppliers and becoming number 1.
Depends on the stock
Bruh is this retarded VIX 16p 12/31 actually going to do something lmao
I have shares, and options for 95c and 100c 2/19, and 110 and 145c july and 90 and 145 and 155c december
SPY shot up
JingDONG to the 🌙!!!
Your flair needs to be DKNG bagholder
💯
[deleted]
Put your money where your mouth is. I grabbed 6 371 0dte puts seeing this. Let's see what you have
PLTR has to go pick up something in the Mariana Trench, apparently
That's what I like to see.
market is closed NYE?
Yes and they estimated the largest rare earth reserve discovered in the US has a 100 year mine life. So what do you think the lifetime mining value of MP is?
Just pointing out how stupid you are
cvx.v your welcome
rigged
Equal orders
Yessir let's not jinx it!!!
I wanna play that and fngu but figured i missed this latest pump

34/m
Probably a sympathy steel play
Trying to make up for losses for the year my buy in price isn’t great.
[deleted]
My ass
username does indeed check out
That’s not how options work... it’s not just based on the stock price. The part that is based on it is called delta and it’s usually less than 1. Look at theta and Vega too.
Something something short squeeze
[removed]
[removed]
[deleted]
My stimmy is going to 35 WISH shares. $600 gonna be $6000 this time next year.
Because I had to average down from a dogshit entry lol
ZM put 340 1/15. Who with me?
The conspiracy about wall street vs Karp is real as fuck.  I've heard it from multiple random internet strangers
Crsr humming into close
We’ll just made 2k today.
hey guys whatll happen if my 600 stim doesnt reach my bank before my robinhood deposit withdraw??
I can - answer is - maybe.
What was that AAPL pump
oh lawdy we pumpin
Fuck this got me hard.
TSLA you got 8 minutes you fuckin tease
No, a green day
? I'm sure I could. But you really think this pump on this volume is legit then buy some calls. I grabbed some puts as it just seems obviously fake
The markets open tomorrow all day too
Sell DASH if you bought this. Things about to drop once it breaks its resistance
Whats a big loser? Not sure what that is...
[removed]
Good
TSLA is so close to ending +4.20% 694.20
what’s the ticker
January is when the FOMO will really kick in
[removed]
Full
we'll see
Must set all sell orders to 694.21 and all buy orders to 694.19. If we don't close out the year at $694.20 the universe will implode.
I am, but I've got stock and LEAPs
Slightly down
it was assigned early?
Cramer gonna talk about helicopters today?
I'll take Purple King Russell
I have $1000 for a play right now what’s the move let’s GOOOOOO
Yeah that’s stupid
GOOD call, you just reminded me to do that as well
Yes, thank fucking Christ!
F
[removed]
Of fucking course crm starts dying again
Same people holding a pile of dogshit
[deleted]
No its full iirc
Yes... do what this nice gentleman says
Someone here wrote a really good DD on graftech ($EAF) a few days back and it’s already a 3 bagger.  Great work!
DKNG IS THE MOST WACK FUCKING STOCK EVER. FUCK YOU IN YOUR GORILLA ASS DKNG
This is the way.
Bruh
AAPL is on another level. The non retarded part of my portfolio has AAPL shares at a cost basis of 30, will hold till my retirement.
-=last trading day of the year boys. Get in while ya can=-
There's still 9 minutes left!  All the action comes at EOD anyway.
i’m no bear, just sensibly trading... even the mods were tired of the tearjerking apparently
There’s WSB retard, then there’s this guy..
No
Is it a half day tomorrow?
PLTR
Interesting. Thanks for your input dude
Just you wait until tomorrow and the extended weekend
LMND LMND LMND
What the fuck is this close
And it’s for sure retarded lol. But useful.
Hollywood elites aren’t even close to actually being elite in terms of wealth, double goes for your typical sports star
Market is open tomorrow retard
Not if you jacked off your boss
[deleted]
Uh...

You understand tomorrow is still 2020
Same. I want the physical copy so I can sell or trade it when I am done. I would assume most gamers cycle through games rather quickly. The re-sell ecosystem is why I only buy hard copy for systems.
Buy 1/8 calls on literally anything EOD. Everything will be overbought next week with the stimmy.
🎉🎉🎉
Gonna risk it for the biscuit. Holding TSLA 12/31 680c overnight.
whwn ia pltr day
Agreed love them
Today and yesterday both awful
Naw its just another SPCE pump and dump
Agreed but they’re indicative of short term sentiment
Does the market close at 1 PM tmrw?
💯
SPY big finish to the day? FDX and CRM, immediate tank. Lmao. Time to go live under a bridge
bro I had 1 $56 for tmw I randomly bought for no reason at like $350 a few weeks ago now worth nothing. That guy must be like what moron bought this
Fake News. Tomorrow retard
[removed]
You’ll be fine
XL slippin, who do I have to smack?
[deleted]
BB, 15C Jan 2022 leap. But honestly, you're pretty much better off just choosing a leap on a growth stock like SQ or a meme stock like pltr
Eow is today
The cherry on top of everything 2020
I bought Jan 40 calls for shits n giggles on black friday lol

Fucking brutal
I feel personally attacked
“Congratulations on your wedding, now I’m going to short it”
Positions?
Let’s go AAPL
I switched from RKT to it. So I’m getting fucked either way
That's the fucking point - when a few big ones start to try and cover it starts the squeeze, at which point they all race to cover and the share price goes 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
The hulk dong* candle at 3:50pm. Love it.
we're all just waiting for that Jan 7 interview. PLTR has been news deprived the past month
[deleted]
Heard right, advice here would be to not invest in property or your business and buy $150,000 of GME and sell covered calls.

Stupid advice here would be $150,000 of calls on GME next week at a strike of $30.
lmfao.  Lets hear it then, whats the GME play to become relevant?

They dont have the brand, they dont have the platform, and they dont have a business.
It's easy to be long/bullish right now. It will change at some point in the future, maybe even soon.
I sold $50 for part of my position and $47 for the other half. The $47 lot is gone - barely made it 2 days with me.
AAPL
Well that was a super boring day.
FOUR
Go for it. Its dying
Am I the only one who plays TQQQ anymore? I am 33 years old which is nearing boomer age on this sub.
[removed]
Weather is similar that's why I'm moving to FL.   SF/NY too much liberals BS, crimes, drugs, trash, shits.     
Even with a good pay, you got $4k for a 1 bedroom apartment, expensive food & entertainment. You won't be able to save much and likely you will never own a house at that rates as you watch housing price increases... $1.5m house, you'll need at least 300k savings, then a 15k mortgage.  You got extra state income tax,  property tax.

&#x200B;

Here's an example article: [https://www.vox.com/2019/3/19/18256378/tech-worker-afford-buy-homes-san-francisco-facebook-google-uber-lyft-housing-crisis-programmers](https://www.vox.com/2019/3/19/18256378/tech-worker-afford-buy-homes-san-francisco-facebook-google-uber-lyft-housing-crisis-programmers)

Try searching, "people moving out of california" or "california too expensive".

I'm guessing you're Chinese... that is the only big plus living in CA.  You'll have convenient access to like-minded people, food, etc.
[deleted]
I'm thinking about it...
glad i got off three weeks ago
CRSR 😳😳😳
Equal orders
I’m so mad 😡
fuck you 😂
i am probably throwing out rkt tomorrow
PLTR, GME, or PSTH lmaooooo
VIX to 12 tomorrow... Corona cancelled.
PUMP TSLA CALLS ALL THE WAY TO 694.20

LESGO
VIX died for our sins
Toguro?
PSTH breakout soon?
Looks like today or tomorrow might be the right time to get some AAPL calls. I’d go February.
GENTLEMEN, 8 MINUTES REMAIN IN THE 2020 TRADING YEAR.
check it out now man. 🙏🏻
Should’ve diamond handed my 700 TSLA calls. Feelsbadman
3:50 dildos lol
For every 1% ARKG goes up, my options go up around 5%. If ARKG goes back to 105, thats about 11% gain. My options woudl go up around 53%. If ARKG goes to 110, around 16% gain, my options would increase in value by 79%. 
If it goes to 115, a 21% change, my options would increase by 105%. 

If ARKG goes up to 115, my portfolio will go up by 45%. 

Lets go ARKG, lets do it. 115!
well everyone will get $600 and hopefully mitch loses the majority so my solar calls will fly through the moon
fuk im so excited to see how the next few months play out with m.ara and gme
Diamond Face 💎🧒
Down
Thank you for the positivity 😁
This is the retarded way...  those orders are for this moment. Not for the entire day
Yes... yes definitely no.
PUMP THIS SHIT MY NICCAS! LETS GO!!!!!!!
JaMarcus Russell or Dwayne Haskins?
Literally nothing happened and vix just fucking dies.
Family of four can pay for  the new Pton bike with the $600/per stimmy
😐
TSLA $710 EOW my prediction if anyone has a problem with it we can take it out back and settle it over a game of twister
I said CRSR was going to break out 🚀📈
Wash your mouth out with soap, young man!
“I AM THE SENATE”

Darth McConnell
Wtf is VIX doing
TSLA going to finish up 4.20%
Oh well, in that case, I'm all in
Spy eod dump?
Yes, please!
🎉🎉🎉🎉
The guys twitter states "still shorting $TSLA". Any other questions???? LMFAO.
[deleted]
Start blocking them.
It was long and drawn out and what the fuck were they even going on about. It was very confusing
PLTR will fly. patience pays.
What’s up with TSLA call strikes after 700, can’t open such a wide spread
Equal orders
Hacked I think
we could be OK. Feels like real run is next week and tmw could be reddish on low volume. sucks cuz if I get assigned I'll wanna be back in immediately but there's delivery numbers b4 open and also I stay up fuckin late on the west coast so I'm always late to the party
Chillman\*
Market makers push the price around to make the most options expire worthless. You're playing a rigged game.
I have aapl mar 19 150 calls that i bought yesterday... how fucked am i?
Buy a USA MSO, more upside than buying a canadian mj company with no money to enter the usa when usa legalizes.
Mitch the type to live to 120 on the Galapagos Islands
I’m already 50 cents over my break even on ARCT calls I bought this morning dated for March lol
No. Idiots are going to idiot.
You guys really too afraid to get rid of GME PLTR and TSLA
> what part of the gaming industry could even be captured by GME? What could they offer gamers to find their niche moving forward?

I have no fucking clue, thats why I'm a bear on it.  GME looks like a rotting husk right now.
What did you buy at ?
[removed]
Tesla 700 AH
diamond hands enabled
That too
Add more BABA calls at close or is that just greedy?
[deleted]
Gonna send PLTR red. Hold on
I’ve been saying it (and downvoted for it) all day. PLTR was a meme stock and got pumped and will be dumped back down to 20 by next week. Happens all the time
Yeah that's what happens when you secure new funding and grow your business...
richtig schön rein da
Baba hitting 250 tomorrow boys
It was so obvious that pltr will end below 25
So this TSLA jump today is just fund managers buying more shares??? And the only people left who’d sell are retail traders? Yeah this shit going up forever. I don’t see funds buying any more shares because of the valuation and retail traders are retarded as fuck
Down
Anyone here tax-swapping their losers before year end? 

PSA:
If you’ve had a big cap gain, and are currently holding a big loser, look into this (tax loss harvesting & wash sales) to minimize your cap gains tax next April.
Who bought my NIO 50c 1/8?
[removed]
Still bagholding pltr at 31 from the day after thanksgiving... lmao
Calls or puts on TSLA expiring 12/31 someone guide my hand
When does the red end
Wow PLTR, very cool
Tried to do my part buying 50k at the absolute top, cost basis of $34.26 so fly again XL, fly again
Should I sell PLTR puts for Jan or Feb...🤔
[deleted]
I miss Cramers bald dome 😞
It is the worst decision of your life... so far! Plenty of time for you my friend
Haha. Let us know how it pans out
They really gonna pin TSLA to 694.20 EOD.  I love this simulation
Ngl ever since Allen Iverson fell out of the picture I've viewed Reebok as a suburban white woman jogger brand
Fuck GME, you believe in Cohen.
Tsla 800 eow?
I already got my 2k
I have $1250 that i put in a 1 year CD coming back to me jan 13th. Should i deposit $1250 now? knowing thats money is coming in two weeks and try to make a play on something now or wait patiently?
That’s why it tanked? Isn’t that bullish?
Buy the close. Sell the open. Easy. Been working for me for awhile now.
I sold 1/8 $50. Who bought?
Are all of you guys retired video editor?
Some fucker said he had insider knowledge
You sound like a responsible adult. You are in the wrong place. Don’t walk - run 🏃‍♂️run 🏃‍♀️🏃 !!!
[deleted]
Goodest of luck ma brother
You guys ruined pltr

You guys are all gay.
We been tellin y’all to sell
yes please short pltr so it can uno reverse card.
Saw you post this in the daily chat

Bought 5x $HL 7c 12/31 and 5x $HL 7c 1/15/21

Le go
MM’ers really holding TSLA Under 695.... papa Elon pop that 🍒🍆
Nio
How do I interpret this?
Pin it at 694.20

#🇺🇸
Jeex they sold VXX off so hard
Now that PLTR is dead. Which stock will WSB meme next?
[removed]
Tesla $720 eow in anticipation of 500k+ deliveries?
The bulls are fuk but, also bears r fuk who is not fuk??? 🐌 gang!
SQ is now 40% of my portfolio. Go SQ for higher returns.
**PLTR** was probably one of the worst decisions of my life

**TSLA** best decision of my life
“People who use MBA professionally are complete jerkoffs about 209% of the time. “

Lionel Hutz Esq.
Why are you upset over ARKG? It's up 2%
Vix got murdered
About to dump my 20,000 shares of PLTR
What are they going to run? a charity?  Adidas is doing that now with that brand.  Take it out back and shoot it - or bring back ‘the pump’ from the early 90’s - that will save it.
Once DASH breaks 140, it's gonna plummet. Buy your puts now boys!
lol
might want to go to r/investing or r/stocks unless youre looking for a YOLO play.
it is not capping my good sir
it's power hour bitch
Well.  The Mach E starts selling today.  Atleast 5 other massive, top selling vehicles will be coming to market directly competing with Tesla in 2021.  That could drastically change their plans.
Markets about to close give me the FOMO plays.
[deleted]
Look what they did to my boy VIX
Thats why hes famous
Master P had like 680mil cash back in the early 2000s.  Idgaf about baron Davis but master p is a legit businessman.
Inverse complete
Rip
where's Cramer
i believe it man. after that interview she did saying genomic revolution is the next tesla.
As soon as today. More early next week
calls expire shares dont its just safer to buy shares. and that call is way too soon
Try selling before it expires.
CRSR
What y’all think of P R L D ?
Okay I’m sorry for being a gay bear I love the CCP hail XI NIO to the Moon
[deleted]
AMZN
Baba
TSLA puts could be the play for tomorrow! 😏😏😏
[deleted]
master p's wifi is performing better than my portfolio
Wtf XL..... Fucking act like you have a PT of 60
yeah
Maybe he has a great personality 😂😂😂
Anyone got any lottery ticket leap ideas? Stocks with low volatility that for some reason might pop within a year. Think boomer stock volatility right now
These fuckin 🚁 shills need to chill
Nope lol

Independent contractors can get PPP
GME has been pretty dog shit since I paid full price few days ago.

I wanted to believe in you autist retards
2017 Tesla is absofuckinglutely NOTHING like GME is right now, are you on crack?

Tesla redefined the auto industry with a great innovative product.   GME is not in that situation, from any perspective.
[deleted]
Time to load up puts on PLTR,
I'm starting to question the reality at this point. Every stock I buy goes against me and it feels like the FBI or whoever the fuck is watching my every move. I'm planning on moving out of the country and live a new life there.
I hope he enjoys RC’s penis as much as his wife does
Get in PLTR 30c for January. It’s bound to go up 60% before the lockup ends. Especially with Palantir day approaching. More vaccines being approved = more business opportunities for PLTR
This is literally how wsb is pushing gme right now. Perfection!
Well then stay away lmao
Well boys. We’re done here. Calling it quits at 15k. Be back next year.
[removed]
I'm scared and broke
actually lol’d
I recommend deleting this sub and never thinking about it again
Y’all that interview on CNBC lmfao
47.5 here ☠️
ARKG... more like ARKPieceofshit.
Buy AAPL now and sell it at the bell tomorrow.
[deleted]
not guaranteed but it helped. I would count more on maga disillusionment for dems to win
Make them say Ugn on CNBC
I like your funny graph, magic man
I agree with you there, but I don’t think it’ll be happening next year regarding a market crash. The US is setup to fail with its current system, but we’ve got a ways yet before the wheels finally fall off.
My 4250c 3/19/21 that is down 90% would be very happy.
Lmaooo that interview with Master P and Baron Davis was a joke.
https://swaggystocks.com/dashboard/options-max-pain/SPY
[deleted]
GME.... if the MOASS hasn’t occurred already.
[deleted]
That's exactly who it is 😐
TSLA STOP THE COUNT MY PUTS ARE FUCKED
When do the $600 checks get deposited
Sell half
Technically correct however the only reason it was red was because of the stupid gap up it had overnight. Once 9:40 hit it tanked and finished right where it started at 9:40. So yes you are correct. Technically red
Anybody actually making money this week?
https://lmgtfy.app/?q=2008+lehman+brothers
VALE u are so gay MT i love u keep going
Didn't watch the full thing but I'd guess they're leading an investment group - similar to when Magic Johnson bought the Dodgers.
Depends on your profit/loss. Up 50-100% sell half.
[removed]
TSLA $700 EOD
Calls on anything,  PPT pump tomorrow...
TSLA finna crak $700 🚀🚀🚀
If you made 100% today sell. If not hold lol
He buys AMD calls 😎
pump and dump
This master P guy on CNBC sounds retarded.
Hey it’s me. Hobo.
2k checks blocked by R's in the Senate
Let’s all short PLTR. I could see it hitting $22
Honestly Amazon's website is pretty crappy now. There are a lot of sketchy items listed at the top of search results and shady reviews to go along with it (as you mentioned). There's a lot of space for companies to develop high-quality alternatives to Amazon in specific industries like gaming (i.e. GME). And if you don't see that, look at what Wayfair's done.
Is Cathie the reason all these genome therapeutic companies are skyrocketing???
Ok I’ll give you an update
Me. Can you beat $31.70?
Naw its smart unless its tesla
Now Mitch blocked the 2k checks, do you think the Dems are guaranteed to win both Georgia senate seats?
Call them and demand you want both the interest they received and your shares to stop being loaned.
TSLA is honestly way undervalued, let’s pump this bastard to where it belongs 🚀🚀🚀
I need someone to hack the mangos twitter and tweet about the meme stocks
Loan me $5 for an FD brah
https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.kiplinger.com/article/investing/t038-c000-s001-stock-market-holidays-bond-market-holidays.html%3Famp
Tried that earlier this summer. It’s a POS. Good luck
Spy was theta yest. All puts gains was gained last 5 mins and lost by open today
Probably open high then dump. Will rally intraday into close. 50+ for sure.
[deleted]
No one can answer this.
Mitch the type to choke to death on one of those plastic six-pack holders
imagine doing a bar crawl at completely different bars than everyone else
So I’m guessing pltr’s IV crashed, and that’s why the return on options today was so ass?
[removed]
What are you doing step palantir
Oh look, another day of absolutely zero gains from SPACs - thanks foley :)
THE COMMUNITY THO
Equal orders. Sideways or either way.
I can’t find the 401K ticker in Robinhood, how do I buy calls on it?
The 🧴 and the 🧻 are coming out early boys!
I got a vanguard account about 3 months before usaa notified us they were going to schwab. I was pissed. Probably would have just went with schwab.
PLTR is done for.
💎👋🏼
Buying opportunity
CRSR
Sell tsla c 31/12 700 now or hold overnight?!
[removed]
This "special bus" midgit thinks he gonna short us.
Maybe he is really funny.
[deleted]
Yes and other people are still buying in and new people are also shorting sometimes. What's your point? If we see a real squeeze on a catalyst this thing is going $50 or higher guaranteed.
[removed]
ouch that prolly feels pretty bad
Nobody I hope
Could you be any gayer?
why?
[removed]
Up
The same as my asscheeks getting clapped.  GUH
Just fomo'ed into SQ $250 FEB'21 calls 30 minutes ago cause I can't afford TSLA premiums.
Im out of the loop. I know he left, but how did he end up top mod now?
or that master p and baron davis have enough cash to even buy it
[deleted]
Why not just get both?
That's called masturbation
Someone give me a last minute day trade
Do it
It’s a fugazi company what do you expect it’s got 3 employees and a billion dollar market cap
 Been on for a hot minute too
SQ
He forgot synergy
Who’s still holding PLTR ?
If you have to ask it’s 🌈
2k realized  LOSS
Thanks for the info. Learned about Mills act today.
What happened to M A R A?
Can we just skip to the part where we have a blow off top at SPY 450 and then the Great Depression part 2 this bull market is boring af
He’s a little late to that party. Crowded trade glwt.
Was this the Santa rally?
[https://twitter.com/tumtonks/status/1344087550231773188](https://twitter.com/tumtonks/status/1344087550231773188)

ok which one yall is this guy
Equal orders. Sideways or could go either way.
If a stock jumps 2% in a day, is it too late for calls?
PP trollin
[deleted]
dis
Why thus
Tsla priced in
One is safer.
JD, where did that come from?
X E R S.  I’m in for 100K
Master P looks like he lives at Caesar Palace with shoddy WiFi
NIO I love u but I sold covered calls for 48 so let's not go too nuts til next week ok
Nah I'm done with this charade. This place is a setup to fail.
[deleted]
The (1) thing I can sort of understand about this is that a lot of people don’t need that extra money, and it’s generally the higher earners who have been able to keep working remotely. 

But the $ we’re burning on pork in this bill is disgusting

Take some of the $ for Pakistani gender programs and give it to people who were laid off Jesus Christ
MARA
[removed]
Baron Davis really studied up on his buzzwords for this Reebok interview - *lifestyle, culture, collaborative*
money
This 372 area is getting really annoying
Did the math. You can get 1638 tendies nuggies from Wendies with $600. Can't wait for my stimmy check
Just gotta hit your cost basis now
Good luck fighting against institutional money. Retard strength ain’t shit when the Tutes come to collect. 

Seriously, GME is a battle I want no part of. There are plenty of other plays out there.
💰💰💰
LOL. Picks brainless meme stock over fundamentally sound ETF managed by literal geniuses with a 1 year chart lookin like a green Nike logo 🤡
 No.
This one deserves a....

....hell yeah brutha
Ditto
no, it's called the wheel because after the crash you *rotate* into another meme stock at ATH to sell puts on!
$70M worth of stock sold for more equipment. Buy the dip opportunity
might have something to do with the news to buy, 170M worth of mining equipment.  Considering they have annual revenue of less than 5M, they will probably have a huge stock offering.  Maybe..
You mean a falcon 9?
Unless you think the market will never go lower than it did yesterday, plenty of other dip buying opportunities will arise.
SPY was red yesterday.
Why did CLF go up today?
Tell this dude to get a.hair transplant
A move for the future, surely.
He prob rich af

Hit on her in front of him and the kid. Total alpha chad move.
Even hold for the long weekend?
Dr Parik betrayed us!
He prints
Got it, LOW 162.5c 15 jan 21, ACB 8.5p 15 jan 21
Yep.... Already undervalued at 260 before the huge dip and way oversold lol
Cutting ties with a macroeconomically-sound six-month play because it hasn't done enough in the first month. Sticking with a company that's just a literal pile of cash in SPACman Blackman's guesthouse (and paying $1.25 for each dollar of it) and Secret Santa for dogs.
VXX just died... RISK ON!
The only thing you’re going to regret is that you didn’t buy more
What are you on about
Bft going to tendie town
Lol remember when this type of news would tank SPY?  Now it just pumps for pumping sake
Actually did no clue what to expect ha
ELON showwww usssss the Dragon Launcher!
I hope you bought puts me sold calls then
Don't wanna know anyway
Good day for steel!
Shares. But going to lay lower on options
HIMX leaps printed fat tendies today
I think the fact that PLTR did not tumble below 22 or even touch 23 today is a good sign
This gets posted once a day at least. 

Since...INSERT DATE FROM PAST.
Fubo
He invested in TSLA when they were 50 a pop
[deleted]
Historically SQ gives significantly better returns than ARKF. What do you think is better going forward?
Oh I bought at $24, sorry forgot to update everyone to buy puts.
Lol hold dude. Baba will be over $250 next week
They definitely won't lose the lowballing reputation if they start buying used PC components. "I paid $2000 for this graphics card! What do you mean it's obsolete now?"
[deleted]
D's are freaking out rn
Good bot
Ah so quarterly isn’t as crazy, I retract my LOL
PLTR still a move?
HOLD TILL MOON
The memes on this  subreddit  is what keeps me coming back to Reddit.
Might want to wait until it continues selling tomorrow. People don’t want to hold over a long weekend.
I like it
[removed]
On the bright side, looks like no taxes this year 🤓
Ah, mínimum wage in the 60s. Congrats
[deleted]
Alright, you retards hooked me in; I bought the M A R A dip
I mean clearly nothing
LOL, Master P on CNBC.

Definitely zero news day
Guess who bought XL at the top 🤡
Not telling you
For others that want to picture this better, this is like buying a $100k house that's 95% done for $5k. Yeah you'll have to invest another $5k but you just gained $90k in value for yourself instantaneously.
...
Damn son, that's almost your own personal stimmy check
UVXY is the worst stock known to man.
[deleted]
This cnbc interview with Master P and Baron Davis right now.
Just flair everything as shitpost.
Right...I'm going to bankrupt my mom so she either can't retire or has to live with me because she was smart enough to set aside money for retirement and didn't tell me about it, even though it's really none of my business.
haha you told no lie
This will create a dangerous looping paradox.

If he does the opposite of us and we do the opposite of him.  Wear the fuck does it end?
High risk high reward. One of the best and experienced teams behind the biggest SPAC till now.
Will BABA break $300 in the near future? I sure hope so
I bought shares for an average price of $38, planning on holding and averaging down whenever possible
Fake af
Hope y’all bought the apple dip
papa please
It spreads my asshole open basically
If it closes at 694.20 I’ll jack off a hobo
You would have two for every one you have today
In Cancun. There is this fat European fuck in front of me married to an absolute dime and they have a kid. What gives?
It’s either on top or underneath, there are no spots behind
Stonks only go up. Buy every dip
fuck my whole account.  up $550 in realized gains for the year
I dunno.  I bought this afternoon
Send me a ticker and I’ll tell you if it’s going down or up tomorrow based on RH level 2. Let’s try it !
buy long calls
LOL SPY. Sure. This is totally legit. What could possibly go wrong with this pump?
[removed]
Do do do do dodo do

Do dodo do dooo
"stopp bullying meeee" - mitch the turtle
mara wallet hacked?
Just need SPLK to reignite that pump from a few days ago. Fill that gap 😩
Unsure who these clowns are
In my experience spreads at least have gains, while regular options just expire worthless every time
Uhh you want to double your money in a week or 7% annual returns?
[removed]
Example?
Unless you felt safe enough to double your bet ...
🚁🚁🚁🚁🚁🚁🚁🚁🚁
Good to know! Thanks!
You're an better autist than I, congrats!
daddy is watching over us
I hate this market
Bateman: Let's see Baron Davis' portfolio
That was 12 years ago.... it was a completely different market back then bro I don't think you understand
how much we talking?
Nice dip Mara thanks. Loading the fuck up now!!!
Or you can line them up and shoot a bullet through their neck and save one bullet.
what are you doing in FB supposed to be in TSLA!
i was, now 10%
we'll hit 27 tomorrow
[deleted]
That’s a pathetic 450k wall bruh.
What if Amazon announced a stock split tomorrow
ABNB 🚀
I’m not doing options - low float stock so lots volatility and likely will be till it gets added to more institutional ports and stuff - but have like 20k in this stock. Been kinda a bloodbath but I have high hopes for the next months. This blippy downturn might be the motherfucking ‘January effect’ idk.
 Anybody know wtf is up with mara? Are the sleaze balls selling themselves from their offerings? From 12/21 to now mara at 0%, while BEEEETC at almost +25%. It's pissing me the fuck off.
hold. Don't be a paper handed bitch. Trust your vibe
They won't change their mind, no one believed best buy would turn it around either right
Boom
The volume just don’t there for GameStop
It's going to turn back around to flat by EOD, dude
I wanna get into NIO before their event. but it’s tough buying on green days what y’all think heading into a long weekend
Like fuck what happened
Peace fucky
Run. Run fast. Run far. 

A reddit group of retards is not where you seek advice on investing... <- that there is a hint.
Yikes. Calls time
For real, getting fucked today from them
The obsession with creating a brand by all these hollywood elites and multimillionaire athletes is honestly soooo fucking annoying. Also, don't forget the mention of culture.
What’s the ticker!?
[deleted]
**YOUR OPTIONS EXPIRE WORTHLESS HAPPY NEW YEAR**
Fuckn crazy...
I don’t sell unless I need money for something, so yes.
Eod pump is needed
so should i sell my NIO calls and take profit or diamond hand it out til tomorrow and hope for 50c
Schwab is the best. Looks so neat. Again like you have, linking accounts is nice
BFT was $17 just a few days ago 😭
That is a bullish position Sir
you'll be up 100% if you hold the next 12 months
office reference
What happened to wish
We all bought 0 days, due to a few comments in the daily thread
FB fucking piece of shit
Anyone else at least 50% cash gang? 💰
[deleted]
I'll be sitting on the chair in the corner waiting for my turn. Maybe I'll put on some music, do you like Phil Collins?
*RIGHT IN THE PUSSY*
On one hand, there are bulls losing money because they bought at the top. On the other hand, there are bears losing money because stocks don't go down.

This must be like one of those Zen riddles like what's the sound of one hand clapping
You salty ass. Did you miss some tendies?
[deleted]
You are an absolute doofus if you bought RDFN after the run it's had
man i hope so, im balls deep in PLTR
If it doesn’t I’m broke (0 dollars anywhere irl 😎)
I don't know which one that is unfortunately.
whatre your thoughts for tomorrow? expectations?
My man. 

I figured as much but you never can tell around here. 😉
Long weekend. People won’t hold many of the tickers played with on this forum over the long weekend.
Great analysis. Doing everything I can to help. Just shorted another 500 shares.
12/31 TSLA 710c
Buy the MARA dip
Is tsla really bout to close at 694.20?
Honestly if that fucking lemon gets his $20/s price target tomorrow I'm going to drive off a cliff
Built up a big DKNG position today - figured if it is going to trade sideways like this I might as well earn some theta by selling calls. I agree with your DD and feel this does have a fair bit of upside despite the hefty valuation. Sports betting is only going to get bigger here.
Ya the fact SPY stayed green yesterday and today after Bitch Mcfuckfaces actions is insane to me. Gauranteed if I had calls it would have dumped 5-7%
r/brandnewsentence ?
Let us pray
This year I've been watching a fuck load of Disney+ and ordering off Weedmaps. Both stonks have made me a boat load of money. :)
maybe I’ll sell some
Easy money
You must be lost or truly retarded to ask a question like that here lol
SUMO lookin' like a decent play. Don't have any BP or I'd go in on some calls
Y’all gonna hold positions into the new year? I’ve seen tons of people say the market is gonna be a shitshow early January.
As long as they aren’t expiring in the next week you will be fine, I’d even say average out.
$ROPE
Pisses me off soooo much how I don't have money to buy any of the dips earlier this week. I fucking hate bag holding!!!
All my friends.. love the low rider... 🎺🎺🎺🎺🎺🎺🎺
At this point I would say TSLA $1000 at some point in 2021 is pretty much a given
[deleted]
Just remember buy low and sell high. Make sure you add that in somewhere
Do you ever have to worry about pattern day trading?
I mean it was 2008, which is enough time to properly assess the mine with decent tech. Even with Project Phoenix and a billion dollars of investment we still only produce feed stock for other processors who make the real profit.
[removed]
[removed]
Today the MMs decided to play nice
[removed]
Calls when it dips far, puts whenever it moons
[deleted]
nio calls before close?
Get outta here with that r/politics bullshit.
[Mitch is a bitch](https://twitter.com/deitaone/status/1344376185120296960?s=21)
im playin bro lol i'll take good care of it
Clocks not at 4:20?
Can’t believe I wasted my money buying FB shares
That's the point. It's not supposed to move yet
probably MU for ER next week. Semis have been ready to launch again.
ELIR
[deleted]
Stop bragging now
Am I just unlucky or does Italy have a ton of scammers ?
If there is substantially more sell orders. It’s going down. If there are more buyers. It’s going up. Simple enough lol.
mitch blocks 2k
yeh fucking cuts the gains in half basically.
The real news in this CNBC segment is that Reebok is still an existing brand
They probably sell it to someone that’ll exercise it lol
Just buy and hold the stock
PLTR is daddy’s favorite child
Day trading... i like that term. I think i may have invented something here
What to buy EOD
your moms employer, the stock symbol is: RICK
related tweet that popped up: 

Some girl flexing a new Mercedes with onlyfans money. Retweet: love the financial brilliance of using one depreciating asset to buy another 

Lmao
[deleted]
Can tsla just close at $700
LAZR at $35 sounds just fine with me
Wow I’m really glad I held onto my NIO calls, too bad I missed the big spike half an hour ago. Oh well green is green
Tomorrow is likely to be when the shorts hit this hardest. Could see a huge red day. I’m hoping for it so I can lock in more April calls because once Jan hits, this shit could get wild quick.
Take this award my good man... that’s the way. I’ll do the same.
Which one of you Tucker’s told me to BUY RDFN.   PIECE OF SHIT
??? I’m talking about when you see a stock tank right after someone says something mildly negative on CNBC.
Exactly. This is why for Ryan Cohen it's an easy BUY vs. BUILD decision. He gets a massive installed user base with the associated CRM data, deep supplier/vendor relationships, and optionality to wind down the short lease term store base to a footprint he deems appropriate for GameStop of the 2020s+
Tesla is easily the next trillion dollar company. I’m not invested but I probably should be.
I mean I bought one house since and no big deal cuz I have a lot of income but NYC coop boards notoriously assholes who dissect everything. Vaguely considering a different real estate option (airbnb in palm springs that I would use too) and I doubt they'd look at it hard. Just coop boards are fuckin rough. but the thing about coops in nyc is then you don't really pay property taxes so u save big time. I own a historic property as it is so I don't pay property taxes there either. so I don't wanna pay any!

EDIT: I don't pay property tax cuz of Mills Act, YMMV where u live. I mean I pay a little, assessed at like 250k and it's worth like 1.1m
No. Don’t fuck with retirement. I have half my life savings in the SP500 in a tax free retirement account. That way I know I can go balls to the wall in options and if I make a mistake and blow up my account I won’t be greeting people at Walmart until I die. Be smart. Don’t fuck with the retirement fund.
I'll pick up even more shares if we dip hard tomorrow. I believe in this company
Luckily I sold my weekly put before it was green today .  Slightly autistic
[deleted]
I bought $51C!
data caps
Hedging my shares with puts after an ATH isn't 🏳️‍🌈 right?
Rebook even more fucked if master p buys...  puts
[removed]
I love when stocks go up
Ya get nvidia
Papa Elon coming for that pucci 🐻  🍆🍆 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
On Monday, no one will be negative YTD for at least a few seconds 🎉
Best part of the day. Let's goo
Spreads are so gay but so safe
I am definitely judging you. Would you like to see my knife collection?
Thank you SE 😍🤑
Just give me the $2k so I can salvage my account please
Go on...
Fucked
Nah fam
baba with one last fuck you today
Dude you rock. Cheers!
Sold NIO and went into ZM. Anyone else in ZM right now? I feel like it has potential to go up a lot!
Yep just wait a couple days. It’ll be back down 😂
NIO back to the mission. New daily high incoming.
How do u figure
Puts it is
Bet my buddy that TSLA will hit 1000 in 2021. He says no way
I've seen like dozens of -3% and never a +3%. I thought it was finally going to happen on that day after the election that the market opened up 6%, and then it bled all day to finish 1% up. I honestly have no idea why a gambling subreddit is Bullish. At least on indices. Ups are always too small.
Like obituaries for the famous, every publication has already written the Tesla Cisco crash comparisons.
Big risk big reward ARCT calls
So day trading Tesla...... no one has ever done this before
Imagine moving plant locations just so you could cut employee wages almost in half
[deleted]
I have 25K to spend what do I get?
... but when will it moon? 🚀🚀🚀
Wouldn’t call myself a survivor. But I’m trying lol
Palantir rocket name called the Challenger.
I will suffocate you with my scrotum like a plastic bag wrapped around your face
You are a real one my mans 🥰❤️

You are helping me forget about the L I took on FUBO and UPS today lol
If this day couldn’t get any worse I found out that the office is leaving Netflix next month for good
Is JPM taking the $10k I made today? Moron
i ain't getting digital if i have console that is dumb
Latest stimmy news?
+60-75% in the next 10 days and this will print.

😳
So what’s the deal with SNOW - over bought or coiling up for launch?
[deleted]
Nope. Mitch already tacked on Section 230 and election fraud on the bill, knowing that the Democrats are against it. Will blame it on the Democrats as always.
Lets hope so!
Sir this is casino, autists aren’t here to make money, just to get cucked
Do in the money options ever go without being executed??  Like, if i sold a call and the holder doesnt actually have the money to execute at expiration, what happens?
[removed]
Bull here.  
I'm sitting on $20 LEAPs and selling $30 CCs.  
Not worried in the slightest.
That dude clearly has an axe to grind with PLTR lol.
Battery day flashback intensifies...
Confirmation bias. Down -10% this week might as well hop before bets flood on CFP and NFL playoffs
My brain doesnt think that far out
Switch to puts. Turtle fucked us. So now we fuck him
I wish wallstreetbets had existed when Lehman Brothers went under. That daily thread would have been fkin lit
Stonks only go up bro 🚀🚀🚀🚀
Damn nibba
# LOL I CAN FEEL THE ICAR POWER SURGING WITHIN ME. AAPL GREEN EOD.
[deleted]
[deleted]
[removed]
I get that, who would that  'one guy' be?
I’m somewhat of a pro trader, I just made $5 off a $1000 trade 😎
It would but it's got way too complicated now.
[deleted]
How do you interpret it ?
By the time I make enough money to retire in the stonk market, it'll have taken 25 years off my life anyways
nah dog, tell that to my -$200
[deleted]
[removed]
You can still buy in. It's down 50% from 12/28. I'm loading up on shares. Happy cakeday btw!
We all tesla groupies
Your solution is to lose the money for all of you instead managing it well and eventually inheriting it?
I wonder how many here know who he is.
To destroy our dreams
[deleted]
you mad your stock went down so you finding anything to blame on. calm your tits.
Feb 19 1000 40C
**I  D E C L A R E  B A N K R U P T C Y**
forgot the inevitable gap up overnight.
Last day of 2020, it ain't going down without a fight.
Probably more chance of seeing Mitch gobbling a dick on the senate floor, my 2¢
you sound very confident so ill copy you
Shorting CHWY at $94 is free money 😆
If you check a BB chart & think to yourself "BuY!", Seek professional help.
Where did this retard get his MBA? Gonna call the registrar office to revoke his degree
How is it fucked? Just a slow and steady melt up in the face of 0% interest rates and the prospect of a v shaped economic recovery. Makes sense to me.
I have to say that RH level 2 bid/ask chart is highly indicative of stock movement. Like 9/10 times it’s been highly indicative. 

Right now it indicates BABA is going down tomorrow.
can we get a nice big TSLA rally for EOD to show me all the money i paper handed this morning?
I feel ya dude. I made this name because someone called someone else Autumus prime for saying something dumb and I just wanted to say “don’t bring me into this” or something like that so I could laugh at my own joke and I couldn’t even post it because the account wasn’t old enough. Then I couldn’t remember password to get back in my old account. Now I am Autumus Prime.
I don't know this Toby guy, but I like your choice.👍
not unless moscow mitch gets extradited back to russia
I can’t believe we mooned over a potential 2k stimmy and are now mooning when that stimmy got shut down great end to 2020
I’ll play this game again. Nio hits 50 tomorrow and one of you guys will get an onlyfans subscription on me
Bought apple at the top, then today bought baba at the top. I have 250 Jan 15 calls. Think I’ll be okay or should I sell at close tomorrow
Haha tell me about it my father in law was telling me how he doesn’t look at rev or earnings and just buys stocks in top 100 list
ty 💛
LAST HALF OF POWER HOUR NIO MOON🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
his net worth  like 200m lmao
[deleted]
How many objections does it take to make the stop to not allow the vote?
Next week
The boomers are obsessed. My mom asks me about my YOLOs every time we Zoom
Alright, just bought more PLTR 2022 leaps, sitting at 140k. Going to delete robinhood til mid-2021 and maybe check once a month. Wish me luck guys
 Not true. Infrastructure is largely bipartisan. It spreads money Everywhere and *everyone loved that*
February to March I’d say. Then it should be a fairly smooth ride back to $300.
I did
Motherfucker, its up over 90% from a few months ago. Its not gonna ONLY have green days. This is a long play. Not for fds
Well when your position is based on zero words that'll happen
no don't
Worst. green day. ever.
Welcome to WSB 🤝
Computers run on electricity. Buy EIX.
Just doesn’t feel like they will. Especially with the sec 240 stuff attached to it.
bro call ur doctor and good luck
As is tradition.
You can sell warrants before their redemption date
Gay ----> mods
[deleted]
**MAX PAIN**
BAN
Next Wednesday
how much the shorts venmo u for that post

I know what yall doin
Correct
Just bought 7k worth of TQQQ March calls. Can’t go tits up. Literally.
Anyone buy puts in here?
aapl moon in the last 10 mins
This small penis dude is still short on Tsla and you think I'm the retard???
next week
2021 finna be PLTR's year.
Full day of red just to cap off 2020 with a kiss.
Stop buying weeklies guys. At least go 30dte
1000 YEAR BULL MARKET
just buy FAANG and tsla
Aren’t they closing at 2:00?
yah... its gonna break through 700 tomorrow..
Make em say GUH!
Marky Sparky straight up ripped GME’s logo. Good DD
Oh That means you are still claiming those 500k losses in taxes from 2014 onwards. How does your 2014 losses will affect you buying house today? Just curious. I never bought a house so every new info is knowledge.
Not this year
[deleted]
can't withdraw lmao
Too many people bought puts and they wont get paid
Imagine if had the same tips Mitch and Nancy had. The only downside would be that we would never see loss porn on this sub.
gonna buy some cheap FD PLTR puts at market close!!!
Put that 2700 into apple feb calls. Hold until after the ER. Now you’re back above $5k.
evrybody selling, but one guy is buying at 140, thus we get this weird flat line at 140
You mean Stafford. FTFY
Tell us your positions. I bet they were retarded.
PLTR day + more contract announcements is gonna push this $50
Yep. Intended to sell. Bad on me for taking a nap and missing out on the top. Still sold for a nice profit, but I’ll be damned if that shit didn’t drop quick.
Check again retard
When will baba realistically hit 250 again
[deleted]
fist bump,... I don;t know the emoji buttons
Instructions unclear. Bought NKLA shares at the top
If I had two bullets and I was in a room with Hitler, Theta Gang, and Toby, I'd shoot Theta Gang twice.
one of you retards don’t have to go hungry today; FREE CHIPOTLE ENTREE - QP6CRFF
fuck this fuck...made like 200 million while being a senator. gets wife in on it. How does he not get his ass kicked everywhere he go. Can't have tHAT much security (I could take 7 - 8 bodyguards historically)
That's fair.

Fuck you anyways lmao
[removed]
I believe she can't for weighting purposes
she certainly did not yesterday
So rob her
im good thanks
I didnt Fomo. I waited until it dipped from 31 to 25 to Buy in. I averaged down at 22.50 and 21.25. It bounced from the major crayon line almost perfectly, and has a buncha bullshit indicators on its side. Idk, All said and done I have a fuck load of 25c with a 1.80 cost avg
Must be exhausting being the type of paper hand that panic sells when someone on CNBC says something mildly negative about your stock. 

Imagine having absolutely zero conviction to the point where a random 🌈 🐻 on TV can completely sway your position in 5 words
Good luck finding an economically viable energy source that doesn’t utilize carbon
It’s dropped like 13% this week, that’s not pennies
Next bounce off $25 is PLTR 🚀🚀🚀time
Right into rent.
Damn you were right about it doing another run EOD.
u/DEEPFUCKINGVALUE it is
[removed]
awesome blossom'd
Mb lol. I thought you were doing DD for Bed Bath and Beyond like the 3 other posts on best DD. 

Read this shit at 5 am. My bad bro.
full day only bond market is until 2
Did u also lose 10% this week with the big ark crashes
Money ready for the dip
Buying the Penn dip?
692 too low imo
[deleted]
14k buy wall at 25 and 18k sell wall at 25.20 how will PLTR ever move 😔😔
Hope you have sorted your will out.
I mean, prove me wrong. Every other moron in here said ride GME to the moon
cuz stimulus checks are coming
RIOT about to be free tendies
Premium is terrible atm :(

I did sell puts on it in the fall.
Any good QELL rumors?
Really pissed every play I make sucks how did I go from 5k to 2700. Fuck
I really can't wait for the upcoming crash. Being a bull is so much nicer when everyone is in a depression period.
[removed]
u goldfish brained losers only live in the moment

expand chart out 6 months

glad I believed in the DD so far....BITCH
Yes, this is exactly what this college retard needed.

19.5c 1/29 

20c 3/19

19c 3/19
Tomorrow will be green. This market is fucked
Probably on its way back to $10.
Is cathie buying this ARCT dip?
Everyone who got into GME more than a week ago is green
Umm, yeah. Well that's a.lot of folks that didn't do what everyone says.
what are you DOING STEP-NIO
https://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-mining-congress-idUSKBN29424R

$800m in stimulus bill to support American rare earth. Trump is pushing it, Biden will push harder.
Look up the entire quote in case you are not too fanaticized already. It is so easy to criticize Trump, there is no need to paint him a fascist 

The video omits defining aspects of fascism like the rejection of liberal democracy, rejection of free market capitalism (especially financial markets) and totalitarianism. Besides that, he even ignores most of the points of the 14 aspects of fascism he cites. 

The video is basically misinformation as it is too selective. By the same strategy I can paint social democracy as communism
my mom is letting me manage her retirement accounts and i just found out she's been holding out on me and my brother our entire lives.

Do i all in options to get my revenge?
FYI the market closes early tomorrow.  Hours are 9:30EST to 9:32EST.  You need to work like Brady in crunch time.
make me
How my $50 12/31 NIO calls I FOMOd into at the top today looking
[deleted]
Yeah I feel like it's a little late now with limited upside left
Why do u say that
Fuck you Jeff.
Positions?
Better barely green than bigly red
Congratulations, you’re rich. 

I have short term calls for the ER and also have LEAPS I hold for years at a time. They haven’t said when ER will be but they expect late Jan.
I lost a lot.. I feel like the gains will be good after gaining strength in the bottom..
This is so good. On the edge of my seat for like 5 minutes. Fuck you m8
lol what rally
They usually run up before earnings, Jan 2021.  🚀💎🙏
the shorts have to return the shares aka buy them back
This was the one
lmao big brain dd
Fucking same
Sell your puts.
+3%
Be patient
How r u profiting from goev? They been dumping everyday
Dude I literally lost $6k cause of that
Oh
A $500 giftcard to Outback Steakhouse YUM
Knew I should have bought calls
Really hate sour hour
I lost it at Jack Ma
[deleted]
U mad bro?
Why did I buy VXX calls
Good to know your kids will have autism coming in from both sides of the family
Somebody ELI5 the DASH 140 phenomenon
Hoping the crazy 2020 year that was goes out with a bang tomorrow. -3% day or something.
🐢-man sabotage. No $2000 = rotation from US retail to Chinese EV
Almost all my stonks have gone red today because of the FX effect of the falling dollar, but my Beetcorns are up another 1k, what’s happening over there guys U OK??
No way they pass this $2k stimmy right?
It didn’t though lol
Lol Master P on CNBC, can’t even afford a good internet connection
spanks
If we pull this off Cohen better send us Christmas cards next year
If I lose just $600 that’s not a bad day at all lol
Yea that's where the saying comes from, thanks.
What's his @? Mods need to permaban
By the new year my friend
And you got rekt
Dropped hard Monday after hours and yesterday because of warrant redemption and tax loss selling (yesterday was last day). It rebounded nicely today and is still in an uptrend.
It went super Sayan 3
Yeah strongly bleeding out 🤒
bro wanted to ask. do u set stop losses or no ?
Best is to get around 6.80 and sell around 7.20
we are not getting  the 2K unless jesus comes down to whip mitch's ass
Mitch is a bitch.
Why did baba flat today?
man what a boring day for my portfolio. Definition of everything being barely green
this
Moron
Normal day so 6.5 hours to buy high and sell low.
He said something like "I read 300 comments, they're retarded"

Bitch, I've been here over 3 years and haven't read that many comments.. Who's the stupid one?
[deleted]
Fuk M A R A and R I O T we in A R B K F
good job!
Mitch going back in his turtle shell
Poors HOLD ON !!!

600$ ON THE FOOKIN WAY AND U CAN HELP BY BUYING PLTR$!!!!

LETS GO BABY

STIMULATE THIS MARKET WITH YOUR COCK AND MONIES!!!!!!

🚀😏🚀🚀😈
Nothing sucks more than being a lazy sack of shit and oversleeping tendy time because I was up late jerking off.
[removed]
[deleted]
What would be better June 20C or June 17C I have 5k for this
The only rocket i take is to mars, GTFO with that gay moon shit
stop ur making me cum
Someone‘s done his DD on that - I‘m ready for all in
[removed]
Mara wyd?
Master P on CNBC. Make the bears say Uhhh Senor P
#What are you doing STEP-FUBU???
The bus isn't short enough
You filthy animals!
Master P on CNBC.   Make em say GUH!!!!!! Nanananaa
Burford financial is already in this business and is listed
SPY 1/4 puts
Ikr...when it breaks lower from their original wedge they just draw a bigger wedge with a new support line 🤡
Hence wounded, was a rough week, not dead yet
congrats bruvva
[deleted]
AMZN 3320 12/31FDs
Man it adds up!!! I sell 2 or 3 days. Scared to lose stock. Buy back on Friday for $0.01 a contract and sell again - same day expiry. Premium reinvest buying more stocks.
Yeah I sold 50 $10p expiring some time in March. They seem like they don't go below $10 ever so I guess I'm probably good. May the gods of Tendies bless us both
Arct holding up my portfolio like atlas with the earth on his back
Fair, Godspeed
mara got hit at the same time
Put credit spreads
I really hope so lmao
Lol fucking idiots around here
GME is a flop
How are people who really need the stimulus money who can’t pay rent or medical bills not out on the streets protesting this McConnell dude? He basically just said “I don’t give two fucks about you or your problems. Figure it out with $600”. 
Mf I lose $600 every 15 minutes playing options. No one would need the extra $1400 if we had the same insider connections you all have. Make insider trading legal for all!
Historically NYE has been mixed. What makes you think blood bath?
TSLA 🎰 EOY coming
That was silly pltr is going to bounce around 24-29 for the next year.
Doesn't matter. $150 in 2022.
Doubled down today PLTR 🚀🌙
Undervalued company with a good business model and their next gen console sales have really boosted their numbers. They are also working on some kind of esports platform that hasn't officially been anounced but when it does get announced it'll be huge
Have way more than 3k
Market at normal hours tomorrow or half day?
not quite
I really wish I appreciated being green on my all time back in the day.
except for the fact that TMRC, the company managing that, has $0 in revenue and hasn't even started yet 🤣
Watch the melt up back to 372
Well, people here are idiots, so.
Patience grasshopper
Buying calls for the inevitable gap up overnight. I don’t even care if it crashes anymore. This shit is fucking annoying.
Holy fuck that's uplifting lol. I bought 2/19 calls last week and I'm up a bit but not much. Was going to sell everything today since it's dropping, but now maybe I'll let 3/4th ride after reading this.

Nice DD. Didn't know any of this.

When are earnings? Google says AAPL earnings 1/26 but every other year it's been in March. Wtf? Do you have calls or shares?
😂😂😂😂
I got calls for mid Jan, but would certainly prefer to roll them to feb or later when we get a bit of a bounce.
22+
Why was it deleted??
What app is that? Is it simple for a newbie?
No club penguin?
We meet again Mr.Hands...Diamond Hands.
I'm sure the 3% pump felt good today
[deleted]
What just happened with SQ? 300k volume on 1 candle
Earnings coming up, hold strong and BTFD
[deleted]
if spy could close over 372 today that'd be wonderful
At least your making $2.20 an hour.
Proclamation about how Mitch type of guy to proclamate
It's up today, and calls are up like 5%
Am bald, can confirm. Fucker needs to invest in a $20 pair of clippers.
I have a ton of RIOT as well. M A R A is the same thing but at a smaller scale they also just bought a shit ton of miners. Both should be performing similarly
Ok
well hello there MELVIN
soooooo what are you getting with your $600?
Yeah i have been watching this stock a bit, reckon its still good for an entry now?
There’s no shame in taking profits. I have bought sold multiple others but I always try and keep at least 5 for posterity
Is PLTR going back to $28 in next few weeks? Wtf is going on.
Its like stock trading man. If you bank you dont tell em you got the tip from a retard on WSB and make it look like luck, you say "I researched, built an analysis and took the risk". Sounds like you know what you doing, and make everyone at Wendy's think you made it.

Also next time say the brand website don't say macys. Macys is still a cheap store. Only people who got cash buy thing from the brand website.
ofc but u could just buy the S&P on ur own in a roth ira and achieve the same exposure without fees
[deleted]
Tomorrow might see a massive GME dump as the shorters try to make year-end look profitable, but the support we riding on since July still at $15.  17p 12/31 are cheap af insurance, and I'm holding my shares even if we get down to 15.
When does WSB ever tell you to buy shares? We already inversing
It has underachieved for over a decade
Everyone is trying to get into high growth tech stocks.

My in laws were talking about buying JMIA. I was like wait you never bought stocks why not go with WMT or MSFT. There response but those can’t double in a week. I stopped right there and didn’t say anything.
IV was 87%. For a stock that is over 10 trading days away from exp, it should increase more in value than the underlying stock itself
So is there stimmy or is we fuk?
[removed]
Buy the dip. Shitcorn isn’t stopping....
I own way too many puts. Just doing my part to spread FUD
WSB🤜being retarded🤛actual retards
PAPA Elon always provides
You forgot the 🚀🚀🚀🚀for us tards to approve of this message! TSLA to the🪦
[removed]
This is true.  My investment was 5K, but the loss of all my gains hurts.

The experience has definitely led to some self reflection.  It’s been an expensive lesson, and made me realize that I need to work on my impulse control and risk assessment.
Last chance to sell before
The blood bath tomorrow.
Retard strength is real
NIO Gang reporting for duty. 1k shares bought at $14.19
They'll all buy back in at 730.
High growth sector. I’m all in.
Gonna treat myself to 13 tendies tonight!
Cashed out at 694.21. We were so close to greatness.
FUBO puts covering for my bar tab last night
Well you didn’t put exp so I assume it’s 0dte
Damn thank God... Be careful Chief
Just got option trading activated on my account. What’s the play here ?!
No u stop buying tesla
B 10 thats b 10
RIOT >>>
Nice
I don’t see any PSTH.. and for that reason, I’m out.
TSLA about to close at 700
Just bought $51C for tommorow!
Proclamation about how retarded I am
2 rules of wall street
1. Don't bet against the FED
2. Don't bet against wsb autists
Omfg this is hilarious
Yikes
You underestimate my power!! - Anakin Skywalker - GME gang
We need shitpost flair zjz
Happened with Facebook in 2012 - went from $38 to $17
Lol its limp compared to Tesla
I just bought $300 in puts
ARCT 👀
[removed]
TSLA going to break 700 by EOW?
haha I doubled down today so I’m all in as well. Good luck
He means from where he bought it 😂
Would love to make this thread 21+

ffs
He's a wanker
I had to sell either PLTR or ARKF and I chose ARKF eek. I'm gonna try and buy back in soon
How you gonna go and mention him without also mentioning his meme-worthy name, Dick Fuld?
RIOT went from $18 to under $17 real fast
AAPL LEAPs == guaranteed tendies
Apple sneezes and they go up or down $20bn
I went with Jan 2023 20s
[deleted]
Literally anything: Bullish
Dam what if it drops to 660 levels tomorrow thooo
Whoa I’m not judging you at all on the synth man, I just need you to affirm that it is legally not a person and that you understand it will never be.
This will print.... Why you even checking your March calls
Been fiddling on my phone for like 5 hours and I’ve made 11 dollars
Very nice to see this rally into close
The daily life of a paper handed bitch:

Throw dart at randomly assorted SPAC’s penny stocks and other tickers

Go on reddit wsb daily thread

>[insert random ticker] go down! 

Panic sell at a loss

Stock goes back up 10 min later

Buys

Watch some tv 

Some random gay bear on tv:

>[ticker] bad cuz no tendies tomorrow

Panic sell

Market closes
Wow, how brave of her, she knew it was DOA. Mitch actually gave it some life.
Rip MARA
You still like pp in ur bum
Who else hates MSFT
I said it once ill say it again. AMZN put credit spreads easy safe money
Alright shitron, give XL pt $100 so I can afford viagra
[removed]
thoughts on gay bears
[removed]
[deleted]
Good news - i guess I’m not poor 

Bad news - I don’t have my Fuckin money yet
[deleted]
God speed
[deleted]
I’m trusting you bro let’s get that bag
So much for CFA, MBA and other credentials. I guess folks have the right to choose sides, must be a Melvin buddy. Lets hold on and make sure there's No birthday present for the wifey this year!
YESSSS and premium buys new shares!!!!
that's what i'm thinking too. i'll sell week of then
If Amazon splits I'll buy. How do you make any profit off a company thats 3k a share?
Loud noises!!!
You got rekt today lol
Like your mom's penis
Sorrento has been so money to swing trade
I hear you. I did but like who is that dumb to sell now lol
[deleted]
What strike?
Curious what made you buy this?
Wish I thought about keeping at least 1 share I bought pre-split at 180 forever. Instead, I sold it all in the 200s.
My families lives depend on it!
It’s a trap! 🕵🏼‍♂️
Its so you can load up on more calls.
independent contracts get unemployment but those with employees get ppp
Schwab can link accounts to show external ones. It doesn’t refresh live, and you obviously can’t adjust those accounts, but it’s a cool feature. 

And Schwab because I had USAA and they migrated their brokerage to it. I probably wouldn’t have picked it on my own but I like it a lot.
hm, sure about tsla?
AAPL $134c 12/31 ez 3x
Glad to make you laugh
The exact top is $320 my dude.

If you bought short dated calls I feel bad for you soon. I got 99% but FD's ain't one
cheap two-cent call options on ford if it goes up 2% tomorrow Yolo 10$!!! lmao

oh and I bought the dip on GME 🚀

call f 9 31

as many GME shares as I can get my hands on
💎👋🏼
With this flat ass market I might as well buy blue chips smh
I took it as him telling them to take some profit before he did the offering in case the stock went down on inclusion
You can almost guarantee that TSLA will put lidar to n when they become cheap enough. Lidar and optical do different things better so it is much safer to have both systems when it is cost effective.
Stop buying TSLA you smooth brains. No gives a shit if they break 500k deliveries, musk guided for 1 million by now years ago. Wallstreet low balls estimates, TSLA beats sandbagged numbers, TSLA sells/dilutes into retail fomo.
We’re about to pump on bad news aren’t we?
Last few earnings have been sell the news events. I’d get rid of those on the run up.
[deleted]
Buying opportunity!
What are the odds it stays up!
He's comparing it to 2017 Tesla, not 2020 Tesla, the company was nearly bankrupted by the development and roll out of the Model 3, the bears were circling, short interest was massive.

History lessons;

https://edition.cnn.com/2020/11/04/tech/elon-musk-tesla-once-got-near-bankruptcy/index.html

https://www.cnbc.com/2020/02/05/even-big-short-steve-eisman-is-giving-up-on-betting-against-tesla.html
[removed]
buy buy buy
Pure genius, I’m all in
I swear if I had SPY calls, it would have absolutely tanked with Mitch the Bitch doubling down. Yet somehow it's going to end green. I guess tomorrow will be green as well eh
🚀 🚀 for Nio Day
Hmm take profits on JAN 15s tomorrow or hold for beginning of January rally 🤔PLTR VALE GOEV my winners
Buy PLTR leaps if you’re an american 🇺🇸🚀
ARCT @ 45 too good to pass up on
It’s not even down today
So....he just got his DD from lurking WSB? Definitely a retard.
Exactly, instead of explaining why you investing in a stock just say you made or lost money from the stock. Easy pussy everytime. Made money? Got money. Lost money? Got money to lose. Works both ways.

Unless you are a bear, idk if this works on man.
XL im stupid please
This is where most of the value lies. PowerUp has 55-60 million members. Compare that to the 125 million members for Prime (with the caveat that multiple people use each Prime account) and then think about the time and energy Amazon has put into building this membership base. Add in the cash that PowerUp rewards members have tied up in the company (in terms of deals/discounts and store credit they've received) and the extremely intense niche (gaming) that the company occupies and you see where there's billions of dollars of value in GME.
Roofing during the summer would be the correct punishment. One of the worst jobs ever during the summer!
It’s 3:30 and I’m already drunk. Fuck you bezzos piece of shit
what do you predict apple be in the next 15 days?
Well, you can tell a lot about the power of the MM just by looking at that $140 line on DASH’s 5-day chart.
Shotout to my fellow wounded PLTR soldiers.
I'm holding mine, hoping for a gain next year as AAPL may run up before earnings
PLTR next year will be a Big Dog next year. They will compare other companies like puppies to PLTR.  Long!!!
ALL TSLA energy here. Pleas updoot for 700$ EOD 🚀💎🙏💰🚀💎🙏💰🚀💎🙏💰🚀💎🙏💰
Good arguments, thank you. I doubt it takes him 1.5 years. He has said he still expects a q1 2021 target announcement.
Spy is up sir
Maybe next time you will estimate me
[deleted]
Margin’d to the Fuckin tits to end out 2020.
Open up a strangle at 9:35 each morning  and collect your tendies
The CCP says maybe
If you swing trade it you could make a killing. I have not made a killing...
Is this the biggest bull flag ever made on nio
I got a lot riding on it myself
Here is a better explanation

https://www.investopedia.com/terms/b/bullverticalspread.asp#:~:text=Call%20vertical%20spread%20includes%20buying,further%20from%20the%20underlying%20price.
Pop lock and drop it
SPY down tomorrow too??
Oh yes and bought 400 more contracts
They said that in March, April, May, June, July, August, September, October, and November
As long as we close above 25
Blue Origin, lol

Never doubt the muskrat
This^^ NFL stadiums are also mostly outdoors too if the vaccine is widely distributed NFL stadiums will be back to jam packed. MLB I’m sure will also have a good amount of fans
Did we ever get an update from Goof Troop?
[deleted]
True. I'm in rural Utah on vacation so the lack of chargers is a problem.
Calls on sepsis
Lol
A hundo and some change
Order books are spoofed
Every tsla pump is a SPX pump ... brilliant
...ever again
[deleted]
Hold 2/19 tsla calls through earnings?


i'm hesitant tbh, earnings have always screwed me...
Cmon fruit stand, you’re a trillion dollar company, act like it.
Stimmy going right to $PLTR 🚀🚀🚀
[deleted]
AMZN now retards
FDX recovering rn
Proclamation about how you are a dumbass if you didn't buy <ticker> when it was at <blank>
Lol risky I like ur style
Every GME dip I regret not buying more.
Applying for unemployment for more YOLO money ftw
Laugh all you want 😎
Why is your Fidelity 401k showing on your Schwab? And why Schwab?
if apple hits 136 tomorrow, itll be a christmas miracle!
**One last YOLO before the New Year!**

Choose wisely and best of luck! 

#🤜🏿🤛🏻
Watch baba open +5% tomorrow....
Gimmi some calls to carry into tomorrow, need me a double up
if I had a dollar for every time someone puts says PLTR is wedging I could break even from the money ive lost on PLTR
Damnnnn!! Apple 🍏 looks strong 💪 

Next 15 days true power 💥
Can we make it a 10K gain loss minimum?
Why is M A R A dropping? It makes zero sense
i'm guessing tight range for now but will pop on 1/26 for demo day
Nah, they’re to expensive and theta is too high. You might be able to buy at open and flip before the 2pm close though.
[removed]
Psth and stic only.


Cut my ties with mt.



I'm tempted to yolo 5k and hope to get a 5 bagger out of it.
It's okay PLTR, you go when you feel like it.
Probably. There's a home charger I could plug in at a gas station or something but it is SLOW.
Pay $10 bucks to save $1.50 hell yeah
My boy Crazy Marty put like 100k in this absolute crap stock the green dutchman. Weed stock. Anyone know it? Is this guy doomed? Chart is brutal (he's been in for a while)
I think they’ll be weird for a while and only new longer dated expirations will be at integers; we’re stuck with our 104.21s and 98.81s or whatever else. I’m in the same boat.
Ya right old man
Why tf so many awards. People don’t like money here or what? Jeez
Gnog
Are we seeing some good news that GME is in dipping below 19?
Same. This is fucking brutal. What happened?
Yes
Get this guy a puppers
No $2k stimulus checks: Bullish
was years and years ago*
You bought in NVDA in 2016?
What’s your breath smell like now?
Crsr pleas
Please AAPL please
god damn that cantankerous old tortoise.
No gold for me, thanks.
In for a measly 3 shares today, either we all go to tendy Valhalla or bust
What a cunt
*”And to make sure nobody got any ideas about shorting $GME, we then hid the discounted options behind a live alligator”*
No
Rhonda's friend.
This shit is retarded. SPY can’t go under $371.70.
I object 


We are simply asking


Give us a vote what is teh problem
Full day I think.
As I understand it, I want to sell a put for high premium, and that happens when the stock is falling. I also want to have strikes that I think won't be reached so I can keep the premium and not get assigned. Vertical is to limit my losses. The premium is high close to current price, but the probability is higher for the stock to go up, if the play is done when the price is at a temp low.

Honestly this is my first ever spread play, so I am not sure I got it right or was just lucky.
the chevron thing you keep bringing up years and years ago, when this market was completely different. And if you know anything about Chevron you would also know they aren't known for managing things well at all.
RIOT, why you hate me?
Hey r/wallstreetbets, 

Welcome to WavePortico’s spiritual Tiki hut where you can speak it into the universe and manifest the good vibes for your ticker.
Cathie is mommy and she will bless with tendies every time
Imagine being such a paper handed bitch that the TV causes you to panic sell
LOL!!!
Should be something like that, yeah. I \*believe\* it's calculated daily based on the average value that day, so it'll ebb and flow.
I think you know that answer
LOL
May be he's inside trading. A great big bear!
2453 shares on cash account @ $12.817, doing my part! 

&#x200B;

I was at 600 shares and said I'd double it each time it goes down a dollar, and I did. So, let's fucking go!
Proclamation about how <ticker> will never be below <blank> again! Buy the dip!
gj my ta anlysis was saying it won't go under 19 today
No idea, if it goes to 16-17 I will buy more as this is my original cost basis. 

I cannot time the market anyways so good luck
You will be remembered
Fair enough, I’m obviously west coast and have never seen it.

I’m just expecting federally legal weed to be dominated by west coast growers due to climate and quality.

If sweetwater is big there, their size will allow them to push costs down over the smaller breweries here.
Holding my one original pre split Tesla share forever
Shares, PLUG and TSLA did most of the heavy lifting.
don't go too deep in... just buy super cheap amzn and tsla calls... aapl go february calls
HOLD STRONG
mitch: watch me do it again
Fuck yeah I’ve been eyeing GE For a while. If they’re able to get back to positive FCF in of next year they might start moving. They were quiet about their renewables business in the last earnings call while it performed really well, which is odd. Blackrock owns 80% of their solar division, so if we see better FCF and in 2021 hopefully they’re looking to buy out Blackrock’s ownership. Also, Larry doesn’t get his fat 125 mil bonus if the stock isn’t $17 by the end of his tenure.
Post your pltr buy or stfu
Lost about half of my portfolio value in the last 2 weeks, but I’m honestly kinda stoked I won’t have to pay as much In taxes. Lose/win I guess.
FUCK U !!!

REEEEEEE

RREEEEREREER
Do you know how many PS5s you can get for $2000?
With how everything looks currently yes. The 08 recession was caused by a multitude of issues. We don't have those dominos lined up. 

Might correct some, but it will not be 08 again.
Does the market close at 1pm tomorrow?
Pleas Papa Elon
BABA LEAP AH EZ
Bought the dip. Never fails me.
WTF POORS ALREADY GETTING 600$ stimulus check !!!! In accounts or pending 

OK POORS BUY SQ$ and PLTR$

WE ALL EAT BABY 

FIST IN CHEST NO FEAR !!!

POINT COCK TO THE SKY !!! 

AND BUY!!!!!!!🚀🚀🥃🥃🔥🔥😈
Jan 26
The stock market is indeed open for a full trading session on New Year's Eve, Thursday, Dec. 31, 2020. But for what it's worth, bond traders do get a slightly shortened day; the bond markets will close up shop a little early, at 2 p.m. ET.

One last day of 2020 to load up on ARKs 🚀
Just turned 31. Not rich yet but it’s been a good year.
150k sell order on the books for TSLA at 700, damn a cool 105 mill USD wall. That's like the market cap of some of these small stocks that people trade on here.
Yup, especially my portfolio...
[removed]
Should I hold my AAPL 1/15  calls ?
RemindMe! 27 days
I hope ur right
wow bye i clocked out of market at 12 to run some errands, come back and tesla fucking rocketed.
GME shorts can’t win 😂
True, and thanks for the clarification!
Mitch just said fuck no to your extra 2k
nah, full
CAN'T STOP. WON'T STOP. GAMESTOP
Oh no
Source?
nancy did her job and gave them a blank $2,000 stimulus bill. this is on mcconnell’s hands
Y’all I’m getting scared help me 😭 I’m having a kid and just lost 10k in two days
19.21 now
Fuck, puts on Dawn Wells🤢
mitch ruins every holiday except day of the dead
So are we still memeing ARKG or is that all done?
Sir, this is Wendy’s
When they’re fully self driving obviously
ILL SAY IT ONE MORE TIME because I’ve gotten some random 10bagger mining DD from comments in here myself

HL $7+ tomorrow
If you ever think you made a dumb move just remember some people bought wish at 24.75
Every Walmart I walk in is like entering those high schools where they have metal detectors. No thanks I like not being treated like a criminal. In my city there's always a Target near a Walmart so I have a choice.
Palantir is forming a nice wedging pattern. Is it gonna pop Or drop though?
wow Maria Patent is already banned from discussion here lmao

too many kids crying about the power sell off. you had all day to sell. the diminishing volume alone should’ve been enough to make u wanna take profits
buying AMZN, AAPL calls EOD...Good idea?
GME.
TFW you’re an independent contractor who makes too much to get the stimulus check, so you don’t care if Mitch vetos, but you make so much that you’ll get 20k free from PPP

😈
Nope. 500 shares long.  Stock is just showing weakness still.
Is that you Admiral Lutjens?
Hmm. I told myself I'd sell my shares at 700 and wait for a dip..

But I dunno if that'll work out for me
[deleted]
Don't care about today, but really want GME to end above $20 tomorrow
To put in perspective: you lost a used car, you could’ve paid off all your credit card debt, you could’ve bought everyone in your family each a $2000 gift, you lost atleast 4 month of work after tax, you could’ve went on a 2month around the world lavish vacation, you lost 6month worth of rent.... and so forth
and he's short tesla
You know how there's sometimes clever things hidden in branding and logo, like the arrow in the FedEx logo?

I finally figured out the XL Fleet one.

The XL stands for how gaped your asshole will be if you go anywhere near it.
ARCT under $50 = SALE
[removed]
TSLA 700 EOD?
#MCCONNELL AGAIN REJECTS SCHUMER MOVE FOR VOTE ON $2,000 CHECKS  
  
https://twitter.com/FirstSquawk/status/1344379636822679553  
  
Fuck off turtle!
"Round Top holds the promise of making America largely self-sufficient in these critical minerals. The mountain contains five out of six light rare earths (such as neodymium), 10 out of 11 heavy rare earths (dysprosium, for example), and all five permanent magnet materials"

As I understand it they will be very competitive.
I started to build a Feb '21 VXX C credit spread to ***hedge*** against Georgia Jan 5 election.
Calls on TWTR, did anyone see in the Senate? They're now doing prints.
[deleted]
so, bag gang like the rest of us
Exactly. I don’t even like mine
I just bought 200 contracts for Jan 2022 @ 25 at 18 cents each. Good luck to both of us.
BABA's just resting before it goes on a 🌙 mission to 250 tomorrow
[deleted]
Nice shit. What were the plays?
Merry Jizzmas
My cost basis is $280 on 100 shares LOL
Oh I definitely expect some volatility. I sold out of some random SPAC warrants to get this which I’m much more excited about so I’m happy
wow... how it is to be rich? how old are u
So if I buy now I don’t get any warrants unless I hold through the merger? I have 252 shares of psth
[deleted]
It's because I sold at open, yw
Nothing makes sense in this market. Covid raging harder than your wife's boyfriend yet we hit ATH. 

And for that reason, I am out.
nio goin up again tomorrow???
Will our inevitable correction drag down international stocks or will money rotate into them?
Part of that pivot can be based on "professional" reviews on items. These days I don't value amazon reviews for much, give me something like newegg reviews ( back before they got bought out) and you can carve yourself a niche. Pull in more than just gaming, pull in streaming, pull in different tech, etc.
Tomorrow is gonna be a fucking bloodbath. Buckle up retards
If he lubed himself up well enough I feel like his slippery body slide into my anus, unmolested.
Losing patience with Pal and Tears now
Just bought so much BFT - will I be rich soon?
DIS Jan 2022 $200C is doing great.
Oh damn GME V shaped recovery my butthole was not prepared for this
GME COMING BACK LETS GOOOO 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
[deleted]
[removed]
Damn I can’t believe no one has thought of that ever.
134
I just bought a TSLA 680 Put expiring tomorrow to help get you guys past 700. Consider it a Christmas gift from me to you.

🌙
wish, even when it is telling the truth is like dollar store quality.
I'm a 🤡🤡🤡 really thought GOEV would have a floor around 18.... Seems to find a new floor daily
I’m not a fan of him either, but you can expect qualified people in correct positions at the very least.
SQ go back to 240 tmrw thx
This boomer salutes you, boomer
I think
Everything about this post and pnd smells like shit tbh
That dump was too early. Let’s moon😎🚀
[deleted]
No kizzy
AAPL reversing 😳
I bought Mara at the top
SPY $375 🙏
Bruh go to the hospital... If you shit it out it's gonna tear up it intestines..... Like I can't tell if this is a joke but if it's not get to the hospital dude.....
PLTR just dipped because CNBC reminded people it's down a lot off of its highs. No big deal.
Husband And Wife Arrested For Insider Trading After Pumping Stock With Multiple Remarriages
Hey is u/zjz back on the mod team?
They leaked the eod
GUHHH
So there will be one night in which tsla will fall about 40%. I´m so excited when it will be
Already up 6k im going to bed been up all night, hope futures are green whenever i wake up. GN ALL
VIX just chillen rn
People waiting outside a LULU store near me.   And it's sleeting.
MSFT 1/15 227.5 call down 45%

AAPL 1/29 138 call down 33%... 

this will turn around... right?
Everyone I know uses pinterest, and I can say with 100% certainty that I know 1000x more people than you.

Free DD your welcome
Yeah. I mean, even I made 100% and i'm an idiot. These are experts so this year at least 100% would be expected...
[deleted]
Till 2 I think
Full day
mitch mcconnel wears a diaper
BUY THIS LAST GME DIP, FROM HERE WE ARE ONLY GOING UP!!!!
Guys don't try this, she tricked me into sucking her penis and now I'm feeling gay bearish.
well, keep an eye on what you missed
I know I did.
I’ve heard the same from 21/20/19

“You’re not gonna get a better deal than this” 

Keeps going lower lmao
According to some of the participants on twitter, the unblinding has not taken place yet.
Do they have the institutional backing that DKNG does or the market penetration? Or the partnerships with pro teams that DKNG already does? Or Disney owning 6% of the company? I don’t think so. Miss me with that.
Anyone fill me in on why Jeff Bezos is such a cuck?
Depends on how volatile the stock is but I usually average 3-4% stop loss from original purchase price
Calm down you got 90 days...
Yes, cause I’ve made massive gains over the past year
I've been sprinkling in buys throughout the day
Apple is going to fucking moon on ER. Normally phone launches start in the previous quarter. But because of Covid delays the launch all occurred within this quarter, making for a monster quarter all on its own. Now add to that the fact that it was a super cycle with 5G. I myself had an XS Max and didn’t bother upgrading to the 11 because I was happy with what I had...yet I did upgrade to the 12.

Apple sold out of almost every single product they make. All of them. iPads. I Macs, MacBook pros, everything. They launched new overpriced headphones and sold out in every color within a few days and now have a three month waitlist.

On top of that they have reoccurring revenue now and started Apple One. They will be able to report reoccurring revenue numbers. I signed up myself and now owe apple $30 per month for the rest of my life.

Add to that the Twitter rumor mill that follows pieces of the supply chain said parts have been moving through the supply chain at a record pace.

And now we read that sales on the App Store grew more than twice as fast as they did last December. 

I’m trying to tell as many of y’all as I can, every day, that apple is going to blow it out of the fucking water.
[here](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kn09ji/daily_discussion_thread_for_december_30_2020/ghj78uy/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf&context=3)
You missed the bowl and landed it on GME
Too late for NIO or should I wait for a lil dip?
so many things on sale today!
is market a half day tomorrow
Yeah, Bill loves food companies
Fuck, that sucks
Lmao literallly cried at Algos vs Prayer Threads
Same! (Well technically i spent less at Amazon than before and a bit more at Target because of the pandemic) The shipping and quality of items has dropped so I'm less inclined to buy everything on amazon.
What strike?
Idk I’m feeling like aapl wants to get back in that 137-140 range
they are mining uranium, beryllium, lithium. totally different. MP mines materials used in ev engines, cell phones, medical equipment, lasers. Lithium is used for EV batteries but that's completely different than what MP is doing.
Why the fuck does PLTR have to always be so disappointing
10x 0dte SPX 3735/3740P debit spread bought when SPX at 3743 for 1.85 sold for 4.55

I like getting lucky haha
Maybe if the market was driven off fundamentals, but we’re in the era of Great Liquidity.
We created 22% of the worlds currency in 1 year, and basically ruined any other form of investment, such as bonds. Doubt we have a crash anytime soon.
Mcfee and rxt were pretty underwhelming
Mitch called me and said you'd lose the money on r/wsb so he decided against it.
I got 12/31 680c I’m gonna diamond hand over night. I was up 150% now down +96%. Papa Elon gonna take past 700$ tomorrow 💰🚀💎🙏
bro plz get out before you lose 95%  its not getting back to 55 unless it does a reverse stock split
pltr pleas fly
Putting up with a lot of shit from this market lately.  Un-ironically doing the $1k account challenge... 🥴
[deleted]
Daddy GME swinging like a penny stock
Why Tim Apple abandon me in my time if need?
So, standard gap up tomorrow?
I swear to god. You can not be serious with BKNG. They are just fucking with me at this point. Who the fuck is still buying that? Stupid ass boomers.
cope
If it’s power E*TRADE app close it and reopen it.  It gets stuck sometimes.
I fucking sold like an idiot +20% then it fucking mooned to 600%+
Edit: wait what the fuck is a share? Pussy boy shares? GTFO & ban
People just don’t understand the GME play do they. It doesn’t matter at the end. January onward is tendie land.
That's not funny
I already rolled up to a 1/8 710c. Wouldn't I want to sell a put when the stock is high ? Sorry I don't understand the strategy.
As soon as FED looks worried about inflation everyone will rotate back to bonds. PLTR and SQ are both overvalued right now, although they both have a great future ahead. Do you want to make quick money with those 3k or hold long term?
What a terrible excuse, sound like a boomer
I bought in at 24. Hopefully this bitch flys
[deleted]
Voting on DN.
And their pensioners 🤐
TAKIN A NICE FAT SHIT RN GODDAMN
E Trade has the ability to show tomorrow's prices. Switch your view to "Today"
Someone who holds 100 percent TSLA wants to give me investing advice. Interesting.
[removed]
PTON out here saving my day
I liked his video on MACD, short and sweet
Yea and you could tell the doctor was like “it’s bad” but we can quickly make something new (I think..). Shall be interesting
Fuck it, might as well slam AAPL 12/31s EOD
[removed]
Holding 1/21/22 leaps just biding time.
Let’s ride
If tomorrow is tax write off day, but Tesla is at ATH rn that means no one has losses except for shorts. So that means shorts are gonna wanna realize losses which means they all gonna cover. 

TLDR: all in TSLA 750c 12/31 can’t go tits up
i've been doing this the whole time lol actually free money
[removed]
SPY Futures: +.06%

Vix Futures: -2.05%

Sketchy
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
This, bears are pushing shittons of FOMO...dosen't look like anyone's buying shares...
I saw a rocket somewhere, where do I put my money?
PAAS calls all the way. Silver will moon and this mining company outperforms the metals.
[deleted]
PUMP PUMP PUMP
[removed]
Where shrek dicks
Guess where I bought?
It's not that the bears are afraid of a short term correction, they are afraid of another Great Recession coming. 2020 has inflated the market so much, is it really that unreasonable to be a bear in 2021?
why

and when are earnings?
[deleted]
Bro, you are giving Biden way too much credit. Guy is literally senile at this point and has never cared about anything but doing the bidding of his corporate masters in Delaware for kickbacks. 

BTW I hate trump too - this isn't political
My gf is really hot and has big boobs but you don't know her she's from another school
They just merged and bought US companies.
Finally experienced what its like finding something I upvoted in New in hot
they do that sometimes
Is tomorrow a full day or till 1
Sour Hour brought to you by Mitch McTurtle!
Spy has been fucking about around 370 forever. When will we see some real action?
Lol itll sky again tomorrow
I'm honestly anticipating a hard sell in the last five minutes. Tomorrow will likely be red too. Either way I'm prepared to keep loading if it drops.
For real they're like yeaaaaaa we got nothing on that so we'll just move on like it didn't happen 😅
I just like gains in my small account
Why did I choose Bozos over Musk!!
[deleted]
AAPL finna fly into close/ tom
Piece of shit RH sold my puts too fucking soon
[deleted]
That seems like a terrible idea
MARA 13 c 1/15 retarded?
98% chance that this guy bought calls on UVXY
you just wait bucko
Tomorrow is guaranteed to be green
Can a bot be created that can look at percentages rather than overall gains/losses? I don't care about someone with $400,000 in their account who gained or lost $2,500 but I'd be interested in seeing a post about how they grew from $1000 to $3,400.
Tomorrow is going to take a massive great shit on your chest
[deleted]
Literally on shrimp dick volume. Yes it’s a retail sympathy play due to NIO.
Lmao u crazy buying a top
I’m seriously tempted to put every last penny I have into IWM March calls. Fuck
That's a clean flow chart, respekt!
Pls
I wouldn't say Amazon is its main competitor, but in the world of people shopping IRL they always have packed parking lots, lots of staff, decent prices, a nice environment to shop in and a monster of loss prevention. Dont forget they have a very clean and inviting produce/ market section.

Think Walmart, Markets, Trader Joes
TSLA 🚀
Don't worry, Ray, *everybody* has 3 mortgages these days...
Ur racist
I don’t understand who are they trying to fool with low volume knife downs?
[removed]
[deleted]
Why does E Trade show GME +5.55% today?
[removed]
I'm so proud of myself for buying BABA at the exact top.  
Perfectly timed autism.
honestly, looks like stop loss hunting and capitulation. Havent touched it, but am thinking about buying in. Will prob go down when i buy
No, just hate losing money. Came up with the two Buffett rules.
Im   - 28% pos
He literally looks like those fish in Spongebob.
DoorTrash looks about right
Yes. I loaded up earlier today
All my homies hate Mitch Mcconnell
idk, that lunchtime trading is a thing
I completely forgot they IPO’ed
Yea 90% of even GME ppl havent done the DD probably lol
Call me fucking daddy
The prophecy
[deleted]
God can XL not eat dick for a single day
[deleted]
thanks for your service I'm holding these 80c 12/31
[deleted]
[deleted]
I’m feeling like this is gonna be one of those mega dumps into close
[deleted]
[deleted]
Looks like the grinch doesn't want to shower the people will more cash.

Talk about expectation management. It's straight out of the corporate play book.

Step one: announce a laughable plan-- only $600.
Step two: let people get angry
Step three: make a bold promise and draft a plan
Step four: get people excited
Step five: say the plan failed but hey $600 isn't so bad now right? Better than zero because we love you.
50% ROI guaranteed! Genius!
😑👜
Die SPY!
[deleted]
Give me a legit reason why?
I went down 12,000 in 15 minutes. Damn TSLA calls
Dear diary:   FUK
It’s here it seems to lag behind posts by 10-20m sometimes
Ewww bulk buying
Wait till tesla gives up gains and sell a vertical put. Did this last dump +1 600p/-1 610p and went well.
That’s usually a precipice for a trend to start.
Dash is a massive turd warped in an even bigger turd....don't count on the floor being anywhere
I just find myself hoping it at least tracks the bigger boys a bit better.
Can’t we just close red today so tmrw can be green
So is there a way to determine today’s volume’s sentiment?

Were people buying because the stock is “on sale” or are people panic selling because the price is falling?

Already got 1200 transferred to RH, ready for the NYE fire sale
That’s to much mooooney.
SPY put
Honestly surprised this isn’t yet an actual thing
Assuming you mean before power hour
Down with BLNK
Toilet paper hands
Ya you notice CNBC didn’t follow up questions on that part
We move.
Just did.
Should have had Bezos' wife in this, she made bank.
Reminder that Tesla doesn’t tank... it just gives you an opportunity to buy the dip.
GME paying off their debt and having 100mil in cash means they are going bankrupt now? Hmm I thought I was autistic
Mitch is the kind of guy who boycotts Walmart but still shop at Sam's Club
Midday, Try midday.   
Sell in the morning.
Cool story bro
Cut NET losses, should moon EOD and tomorrow, yw
Bought NVDA at the top 🤡
Should I buy more ARKG dip ???
TSLA
At the very least put it in the AMZN dip ffs
Been buying it all day 👌
Games stops either gonna keep dumping or have a pump at the end of the day. Nothing in between
Down 1k in the last 30 minutes, cool
Their earnings are going to be absolutely massive. It will be historic, for a lot of reasons.
[removed]
Why is this $140 level such magic for DASH. WTH? Just crash already. IT's sat here for two days. I'd like my PUTS to add more to their gains and close out for the year.
No half day. Full day for stocks, half for bonds
Tsla doesn't ever really dump
Votin on what
My 200 shares are in deep stasis. Someday it’ll moon.
Yeah, March is one option, but I'd figure that a lot of the big runners were already held (FAANG). The other view is to get cash in place in January and start with your cash platoon and figure out your re-calibrated positions
Buy the dip and relax
SQ rocket taking off 🚀
BLNK going to the grave. DD on my profile
That’s today and does not apply to what I said. It seems like you are simply arguing for the sake of arguing because you misread what was posted originally and now you are digging even more
Decided to only come on here and comment once a day for a while because this place is a time loop for me. All I can say is SLV GANG RISE UP. We’re on a 🚀 heading straight for the 🌗
Yeah bought 400 more contracts
i did :/
Buy at eod, sell at open is actually not a bad play
Are the ARK options going to switch back to round numbers again?...It's hard to masturbate effectively when I think "$104.21 call"
[deleted]
we holdin' on, g
That is basically how CNBC talks all day
TSLA at 3450 pre split.  That’s 🅱️razy
Yes
I bought for Monday round midday
Why do they hate our happiness SPY?
last yolo to try and dig myself out of the hole, no more yoloing in 2021
Why cant my dell with windows 98 do that wtf lol
I know this is retards helping retards so do you retards think it’s better to buy a couple OTM arkk calls, or one ITM ark call
How are we green still
I mean USA Rare Earth is opening a facility in Colorado with ore from the Round Top Project. Do you anticipate that MP will be the only rare metal mine and processor in the US ever?
💎✋ GME gang 🚀🚀🚀
If you were a holder as of 12/28 you get a dividend of 0.79/share
The only reason I read all of this is because there wasn't a single fucking rocket in the entire post. Thank you for that.    


Compelling write up.
Cause china
LOL wtf i wish
Why wouldn’t they be?
NIO to the moon   🚀    🚀    🚀    🚀    🚀    🚀
If hospitals are so jammed packed, why do these nurses and doctors have so much time for stupid ass dance videos. NFL season is 9 months away. Stop being a pussy.
If they do well on their earnings. Thankfully the call expired 7/2021
[deleted]
Tesla is about to kill it with this eoy deal i know 3 who already got one for 3 months of FSD
Did he get his degrees at trump university? He is gonna be on the streets in weeks
fuck u AAPL never gonna spend money on an original charger again
Only if you have a large PP. Don't worry.
Fighting for my life
Bro MMs will not let DASH drop below 140 haha
Oof. It's only getting worse from here.
No bottom in sight for XL BRUTAL
[removed]
Me too, thinking about roll up to next week
Full day of losses
Is the DASH floor $140? Crazy but seems to be holding there pretty steadily
I guess the experts were right about Hertz being worthless
Better do it soon
Cathie
What if he’s bluffing and does the opposite
PAAAAHHHHMP EEEEEET
Balls in Nancy’s court.
Schumer giving it to McConnell
I know that feeling bro
“You can’t bully me! We bully you, you little 🌈🌈🌈”


-McConnell, probably
calls for February?
Yes
PSTH locked and loaded. Our lord and saviour Bill Ackman will take us to the promised land.
Hype without substance is what meme stocks pump on
Yea that crash from the mid to high 20's to the mid 20's really has me thinking why PLTR never texts back and leaves my messages 'unread'
[deleted]
This is true
I hope you didn’t 🧻 🖐 those TSLA calls. We going back up 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Is anyone bullish on SPY rn? Lol
You’ll be rich at the end of Jan.
Fuck these EOD sell offs
OH SHIT THEY VOTIN TONIGHT
well BLNK is up for no reason, lol
at least 8
WTF is this South African mutation that's worse than the UK??
Tesla nearly broke 700 today, this could not be retail pumping it retail doesn't have all this money
I just made the craziest/retarded yolo ever I think.  I will either make 300% or lose it all but fuck it.

And it’s even too retarded to reveal to this sub.  But I’ll def post gains if they ever materialize
So no half day nye?
Small chance to make a lot of money with small capital? Count me in
Holy fuck M A R A is dumping from +10% to -3% in an hour
You guys are making a profit?
Pltr bros are you alive an well or we moving on?
It's weird.  It only works sometimes.
NIO going down. 

Must mean TSLA is. 

🙄🤦🏻
it only took me a few months to figure it out, but the *end* of the day is when you buy, not the beginning!  Why didn't you guys tell me that?
Nice try CEO of $blnk
was WISH the worst IPO ever?
Cool went all in today. Thanks
Ahh shit lemme come with you guys, I’m about to strap on my helmet and buy me some gme dip.
XL off a cliff
is tomorrow a half day?
March or June
You really think it will do anything?
I am for sure.
Unless news happens I don’t see anything moving it until earnings in March I believe
why would it be next week 

would make more sense for it to be in March (cap gains)
I just bought 3 shares of GME. I'm his wifes new boyfriend
daily obligatory fuck mitch post
Jesus fuck NIO
Literally everyone has been saying this dip would happen.
TSLA 420p is the best I can do
except for the massive run ups after the election volatility subsided
Loading liquid Oxygen as we speak
Doesn’t Iborrow only track IB’s data?  Since I would imagine if you are willing to pay a borrow rate of like 30-40% you would access to a lot more shares to borrow.  Seems like it’s closer to the ask price on shorting as opposed to a total.
Current trend seems to be it drops 1/3 from its peak, so I kind of am guessing 14, though I'm fully aware trends don't always hold. 16-17 is what I'm expecting for tomorrow.
Nio day is 1/9. Why not get a 1/15?
This guy was definitely bullied in school
Jan, 19 this stock is going to fall. Inside info. Be careful
Guess who has two thumbs and bought AAPL $140c at the top?
where do you see that?
Get sexxed
i’m bullish on gme, but got puts for tomorrow
Gonna open some SPY condor weeklies.  This is shit ain’t going anywhere until the run off.  MP and PSTH looking good into the close.
[deleted]
Both. Both is good.
Why does PLTR gotta keep doing me dirty?
Bought another $250 worth of GME.  Look at me go.
Woooo, keep falling down those stairs apple!!!
Half day?
Are Asian markets open tonight?
This feels a lot like the top
I tell myself that about WSB every day.
Just bought 4 whole shares of GME 😎 ballin'
SPY 372 puts for tomorrow gonna print?
SMH end of market been disappointing everyday this week🤦🤦🤦
AAPL dip yall
Literally everything just tanked in the last 15 minutes in my account.
From ?
It's pretty stable to be honest. Imagine arguing over pennies!!
Gay market
Palantir bulls very quiet right now. Told yall earlier this morning to go all in 26p and 25.5p FDs and you would already be profiting.
Who’s holding BIDU overnight? To we get $222 this week or next week? 🚀
[deleted]
1x amzn 1231 3330c
thank elon
As a meme bag holder in PLTR, i respect a fellow meme GME bag holder ✊
Uncoordinated attempt to look uncoordinated
Their still shorting TSLA so probably nothing. Bears are more retarded than even we can imagine
I AINT SCARED
Yep
This
Cool.
Now that’s a nosedive, nice.
I gave it 10 minutes and it's still at 19
That depends on what percentage that $30k is of your entire investment portfolio. 100% then yes, that's a good YOLO, 5%, then you're just diversifying your risk.
[deleted]
Yup. They make us look like Buffet


It's the most retarded group ever. I just stay in it for the humor at this point
Yeah that's what I get for looking at a Google chart. If you ever drove past MP you would believe it could be 88 cents.
Prob a positive correlation between high user comment volume vs weak ass hands. 

... All the dumbass questions and freak outs I read here.
Tesla whyyyy
Check my previous post from their pre-SPAC merger when it was $FVAC. Easy graphs to read since too many words in all the DD posts on this company. Also focuses a lot on governmental support and China tensions because that’s where the real moonshot would be from 🚀🚀🚀🚀
If TSLA closes below $680 today, I get to dip with the real good honey mustard tonight. Name brand shit.
So that's divided by 360? (Bear with my autist math) jeez not a bad return
Lotta money rotatating into TSLA...they buying calls or.....puts?
[removed]
what’s an EOY yolo play
🧙‍♀️ hours
Put on Tesla as people take profit
0.05% Green

Come on just let me have this
[deleted]
If you’re gay, yes
Everyday recently I've just bleed out end of day. It's getting old
Big brain
This is the way
PSTH 30c 1/15??
like 98 dollars...?

are you gambling with rent?
wtf dis fade man
Getting fucked by tsla calls and puts = spitroasted 😩
You are forgetting the third shitty company.. Sweetwater
I want to leave PLTR but it must reach $27 again so I don’t lose anyway. Someday PLTR gang
[removed]
Theta wins the day
ill use profits from gme puts tomorrow to all in shares
#MICHAEL BURRY HAS ENTERED THE CHAT
I can’t wait for Karp’s interview to double PLTR stock next week
Market open tomorrow?
rip tesla 700
NIO def going up next week. Sell ITM CSPs today b4 delivery numbers gank it (short term tho, like for a day cuz it will be head fake). You'll just keep the premium.
bought some 28c for 1/18 and hedged with some 25.5p 1/15

really would like this to see 30 soon
Baba get to 250 or I will have to jump off a bridge
Time to buy XL???
TSLA calls, mission failed. We’ll get them next time
The market has been so gay ever since sleepy got elected
buy the motha fcking tesla dip
Lol thanks for the cheap M A R A shares. I don’t understand how dumb you guys are sometimes.
They exit a little bit at a time, like I said, short data is only updated monthly, you have no idea what it’s at right now
If PLTR ends red I’ll fucking scream fire at an orphanage
His shorts are kinda smelly with a weird brown stain
ESPN sucks balls, shaq and Barkley make the only good halftime show
you are fake news
As it should
245 1/8 checking in
Imagine taking your company public and immediately tanking 😂
Need a play for $1000 right now
2021?
Hopeful wishing bud. Love these price targets people attach to these companies on here lol
Anyone who parrots blockbuster of video games is brain dead. WTF does gamestop have to do with blockbuster, ask yourself?
yer amen to that
hey hny - lets see whats next in 2564
Why are you bagholding it. There is no reason for it to go up. I bet Citron shorted it as soon as it went to 34.
Margin call
That’s not what I said. 

The goal is to pick stocks that went down for no reason, buy at close, and sell it at open. BLNK was a prime example for that yesterday, especially with Lion Electric deal announced yesterday and the stock went down double digit percentages
Is JD going to allow me to break-even? I'm still down $98.16 - should I Just get out while I can?

Thanks
Algos with millions of dollars that can execute a hundred thousand trades a day can turn those $0.04 swings into huge gains.

Edit: a million dollars of PLTR (40,000 shares) with an average swing of two cents, done 1,000 times in one day is $800,000. And those are low end numbers.
Reminder that the stock market is fully open at new year’s eve and closed at new years
Aight, got the notification from my bank 

I'll have 600 by Friday

What can I do to either burn it by tomorrow or 5x by tomorrow before it actually gets withdrawn
BFT
Curious, but why is there future so bright in these upcoming immediate years when they’ve been in existence for nearly two decades? All of a sudden since they’ve gone public things look drastically different for them?
2K stimulus talks going well
It would be more likely today. No one trades tomorrow
Short squeeze.
When was the last time we had a power hour? This is bs.
[removed]
Should've just sold when I was up 60% instead of being down 20% an hour later
Still holding my 220C :)
Wow M A R A is insane
Dump hour?
Why did Baidu jump 11% today?
I mean on days that it’s trading in the 27-28 range theres the ability to cut losses but yeah I’m gonna hold strong as well fuck it
I had a really surreal dream last night where my charts started going backwards and it freaked me the fuck out
Has there been a day where LAZR doesn't go balls to the wall in one direction?
Here. Although I made some money on calls today. FOMOd back in like a duck
At least you know we have already seen the top.
People believe in Cohen that he can turn it around.
Lol
🙋‍♂️
It absolutely is. Now go on and buy the hell out of it, as I have. Am also new. No financial advise ;)

edit: the word‘s ‚advice’ dammit
At least PSTH hasn't pumped yet.
I have ARKG shares. Can you explain further?
Mitch saving bear gang
Can’t even hold 3300 wtf 🙌🧻
Shit dies from 3 on everyday god dammit
That's literally all of them, almost.
Right?? Gamestop is over.
all the original DD was for January earnings-April. Everything so far has just been icing on the cake
Should I buy leaps on RIOT
It is, it’s at the beginning stages of starting it’s journey to look for the earth’s core.
Sold for 35k onto the next
But GME bro
gamestop holiday earnings report
[deleted]
All of em are now. Whole station has gone to shit. Only decent content they have left is SVP
When is PSTH  🚀 fueling up for take off?
Why is XL such a giant piece of shit?
How are Michael Burry's shorts doing?
Hoooolddd. SPY 400 Jan 4th
MM trying to make tomorrow's GME calls expire worthless
25% up in a week, noice. :) 

Not that my principal was very high but still a nice little bonus. Gonna hang on to these for a while.
I’m telling you guys, HL FDs

If you didn’t believe me on CLF I guess you wouldn’t now tho 😎
TSLA GUH
15 would be an almost 25% drop. Id sell well before then
Tesla's aren't as cool as you think.
[removed]
I was promised a power hour. 😡😡😡😡😡😡
[deleted]
Unlikely
Funny,.but been posted before.
WISH delisting
Guess who blew all his Tesla gains FOMOing back in at the top...
[deleted]
that kind of culture will breed accounting scandals if they havent done so already
I would never take any advice from someone who doesn’t know how to take a screenshot
I'm deleting my etrade app so I can diamond hands GME
“The options pros” fills me with confidence as to the quality of that group
Is that a real person? Could anyone be that much of a loser to whine about this on Twitter?
Is XL ever going to go up?
If you don’t go down with your ship that makes you a COWARD
How are people selling PLTR what are making 4 cents profit, bag hold, fuxkin 💎🙌 and watch Papa Karp take us to tendie town 🍗
This is the way
[deleted]
Holding shares and closing my eyes when I scroll through my positions.   I’ll look back in March maybe.
Yeah it's obvious, only people still posting GME I think are either clueless or shorting it and just shilling
What ones are you guys in that are doing so shitty?
Just leave out the stock trading part then. People get annoyed when you act like autists around them
Remember this when you tell your kids about the TSLA bubble.

You probably won't have kids because you'll be financially ruined holding tesla after a 700% run up and crazy valuations.
This is the altar of Tesla
It’s like the market doesn’t care
Can't click and collect from Amazon, and there ain't no way i'm leaving a $500 games console sitting on my porch until I come home from work, people still like brick and mortar.
God you flip flop worse than a moderate politician https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kmmuco/what_are_your_moves_tomorrow_december_30_2020/ghfsjf5/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf&context=3
I dumped $30k into Tesla calls 3 months ago. Counts?
UVX calls for the Boogaloo bash next week!
Bro why would you ever buy GME lmao
Ban holy fuck
Looks like AMZN will give up all weeks gains tomorrow
Are we getting excited for $12k in options for a stock w $500Mil in avg daily volume?
[deleted]
BABA EOD BUY OPPORTUNITY
Go with something with actual products and or infrastructure.. If you want high risk high reward check out score media.. nio should keep climbing till after nio day in Jan.
I like cobalt blue
Haha I just read it. That’s hilarious reply
PUTS already printing
mitch said he'd rather vote on it with some republitrash attached
Hmm interesting. So r u saying look into this fed thing and sell them soon ? Also i got 3k buying power what do u recommdned? I have 1.5k in pltr and like 1k in sq i bought last week. Worth buying those 2 cux small dip? Or smthing else
Can we just follow europe and close the markets tomorrow? If PLTR breaks 25$ again thats a one way ticket to 24.10 and my account blowing up
WISH!
Why does robinhood fuck up my portfolio day chart everyday an hour before close?
Just take me out back and cut my pp
I mean swinging the overnight into yesterday morning
This chat is so volatile
Directions unclear, bought puts on the JRE podcast.
Because you're retarded?
[deleted]
The turtle wanted to amend it to include some social media bill.
yup 🥲
Voting was blocked yesterday, they debate today. Bernie fillibuster.
GME’s share price and Wake Forest’s win probability are directly correlates today.
I’ve lost money on it before it became XL and after.  I’m like in an abusive relationship.   Now I’m trying to get out and can’t find a good fill.
I already lost $1000 today buying to close a TSLA covered call because it is close to my strike. Going to roll it up. 

With the 25K I have in cash, what do I get?
I might lose everything on FUBO
Sold at the top, thank God
Ok Karen
Picked up 32 more shares today 🚀
I shit my brains out right before I lost smell and taste.
What does TSLA stock price have to be for Elon to overtake Bezos as richest man?
Should've just sold when I was up 60% instead of being down 20% an hour later
This is the way
[deleted]
[deleted]
I’m thinking a dump I think it’s gonna be really red
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/faceless_ontour the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Hardest part is sticking to the plan
One of the only bright spots of working there was the insane amount of MILFS on a daily basis
[removed]
I plan/play conservatively. There are going to be some price jumps/tumbles as the market tries to figure it out, but I'm shooting for solid support at $39-$42 by June; I expect it to hit there a few times before then though. I think this is at the very least a solid long-term hold.
Instead of cash gang, I put my money in to GME and spacs
[removed]
Mitch: “I will not be bullied me! HMPH 😤😢”
[deleted]
Fucking do something SPY
$12 should surprise nobody
RIOT free fall 🙈
[deleted]
SPY is holding onto a green day by a thread
[deleted]
My calls agree
Got my hand licked by a bison there. Can confirm.
SO MUCH TENDIES AROUND AND YOU SIT ON CASH BAG? SRSLY ???
for the culture
Good idea, should pullback tmrw
No
Fubo putsss
Imagine the bread we would have today if 2k stim passed
RIOT
BFT y u no moon
Psth
The new ESPN anchors cringe as fuck
You’ll probably panic sell at $15
[removed]
Closed all longs. Opened VXX call positions. 

Bulls r fuk
you trying to get me killed
TSLA Drill Team 6 reporting for duty
Why do u think it is subway, because of bk and chipotle?
If only there was a site where you could look up info like this
Yes
Like 53...they fucking bag hold ya if you buy too much...
In terms of shares I agree with you. But I can't hold these calls until 2030 ;)
[deleted]
WSB only has two takes to seeing GME down 3% after a 50% rise -> market manipulation or pump and dumped.

3% drop on a low volume day.

&#x200B;

# Grow some balls.
Why do y'all expect to see logic at a casino?
As a member of this subreddit, I feel it is my duty to pick up 100 GME shares. God speed
Because only a moron would think a quarter point dip after a 4% rise is “drilling”.
My only SL is a margin call
Kulp is going to do all he can to get it at least to $16 to get that sweet over $200m bonus
This is the attitude I refresh the page 1mn times for
Get out of GameStop while you still can
Every second I tell myself to get out of my contracts while I still have 40% left... and every second it goes down 1% more 💀💀💀
Tesla isn’t going to falter.
>GME

what happens on this date?
Who got TSLA calls at the top, reveal thyself
What happened to it? There's a lot trash post lately.
Dude really called helping Americans “bullying”
Like one of those dolls?
Went half cash on Monday on a hunch.

Edit: Was a lot of big tech in my portfolio.
[removed]
bought more GME at $18.89
What options do I buy with 500 dollars give me the plays.
wasn't the 2k stimmy vote supposed to be today?

wtf happened to that
The nkla method
GREEN IS MY ALL TIME FAVOURITE COLOUR
Not in alabama
Another golden fuck boy! Damn There's no way GME can fail now
Bears jumping off cliffs today.
Molycorp and Chevron were never able to produce NdPr at a profitable scale and imo the mine and facility is not positioned to compete with China as a whole or even Lynas.

Hedgefund bought a few billion dollars with of gear and land for 20 million then merged for a quick billion. Once they have to get past the SPAC love affair and they actually have to make money there will be a huge amount of issues with the MP mine as there have always been.

Why do you think an SPAC will do better than Chevron at managing this environmental disaster of a mine?
I think Only bonds end early but not 100% sure.
Bought PLTR 25c 12/31 at .50, sold at .65, all downhill from there. Probably ends the week under 25 to let all those calls exp worthless. RIP
First good argument ive heard. Op cost is certaintly massive with this raging market
Currently experiencing c&b torture while holding 5k stonks at 29$
Fuck yes TSLA crash and burn all the way back down to 650 please and thanks
[deleted]
Not your personal army
I swear the people that say diamond hands have the weakest hands
Im a retard but here’s my $.02

A large number of console gamers still like having a physical copy of the game. Sony’s numbers with the PS5s are proving that. This was the initial thought by the shorters the last few years because they thought this console cycle would prove to be mostly digital, and  break GME but there’s still a market there. He gets shit on here and Twitter but Sherman and the team have done a good keeping the company afloat and heading in a better direction. In my opinion there’s still risk with GME but for the time being the downside is somewhat small.

I doubt they’ll start selling everything similar to BestBuy but there’s rumblings of selling their own private label products. If this extends beyond hardware and into games and partnering with developers then things can get much more exciting for shareholders. Even without a short squeeze or a Cohen takeover I think there’s a realistic chance it has a 2.5-3 bil market share within the next few months. All the retail buzz about Cohen and the short squeeze are just potential catalyst to help get there quicker or go even higher.
Centrus Energy (LEU) ☢️☢️☢️🚀🚀🚀
For the irony, hook up a gas generator to your Tesla so it charges while you’re driving around.
Stop selling 😭 TSLA
[deleted]
Nice
lol

The fact that it's fucking Gamestop
but srsly tho, anything you buy wouldnt have the energy density of the car's battery pack, so you'd carry a lot of surplus mass (which kills the range) for little incremental gains

you could buy them, but they're not worth it.

road-side assistance vehicles carry them, to top off people in emergencies.  charging rate is really slow.  it's just enough for people to limp to permanent chargers.
Stand back and stand by
Who's going cash gang? I need a count
Lol
this has got to be one of the most American things i’ve ever heard
All in on SNAP 1/29 and 2/4 calls
I've already proven him wrong. He didn't *find* it. I've been screaming it for weeks and cashing in now.
He said the senate won’t be “bullied” into more checks LMAO. Suddenly in the mood for turtle soup.
Been buying it all day obvious buy
does it work? asking for a friend
yes
Is it illegal to trade stocks if your mum is pregnant with your child?
It's hardly a drill, but people are just taking profits
🧻👏🏾
Think of it as a New Year sale on shares
Yeah let me just text this other person while driving, who is also driving.
His point is that everyone’s evil so nio has the same risks as American companies you turd
[deleted]
Everyone on the planet is shorting it.
The bottom is here for VZ gentlemen.  Can it really go any lower than $58?
If you closed a position in the stock market, it's called capital gains (or losses). Those are what are taxed. It doesn't matter where that money is
you'll be fine when IV settles bruv
I bought it for $41 yesterday. What are you talking about?
AAPL gonna moon tom
I have never seen $CRSR as nonvolatile as today. Shit has been glued to $36.50.
Why am I on the GME train 😂
RONG WAY PLNATEERS PEANUTS
Yeah, lesson learned I guess
That was the high and resistance as of the S&P addition, definitely going to be the iron wall of resistance until the buys overpower the sells.
> The question is whether or not they want to keep losing the opportunity cost to invest it literally anywhere else and make money

The time value of money has been massive this year, imagine if they had put this money into TSLA longs rather than GME shorts for instance, or just about literally anywhere else, including fucking Disney.
GameStop shorts exiting in a calm and organized manner

Pamp eeeeet
🌈🐻
Big bet placed on AMD 1/08 92p. I bought one
[removed]
Why do you think subway..because bk and chipotle?
OK I'm good for the day! Just close the markets and stop the count!
Ackman has to compete against direct listings now.

Also his 4B fund makes the field very small to what target he can acquire with our losing credibility that is wad a pump and dump like so many spacs

People have bet alot to play PSTH but if he doesnt find a target in 1.5 years, people will have a 30% haircut when funds return money.

Note. 5% of my portfolio is in PSTH. Not 100%.
Gambling man, ok, I’m in.
aapl pleas fly again
That Bitch.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Killed her husband wacked him. Can’t convince me that it didn’t happen, carole baskins 🎵
Irrelevant. This entire play has hinged on Q4 earnings in March and Ryan Cohen taking over
Sometimes I growl at my stocks like a big mean dog and intimidate them into going up
U have to go through hell to get to heaven
Is it just me, or have big boys been buying the fuck out of RKT at 19-20? This happens EVERY time RKT gets dumped to these levels. It’s stupid it has been sitting this low for so long.
What a low volume shit day today.
my 700c 12/31 are scared
TSLAs into that S&M. You become it’s bitch when you buy options
Your a legend
predictions for tomorrow?
1300 PE could be a cause
One of these times it simply will not be BS
Sounds contradictory lol
Anyone else been making regular tendies on $CLF? Had a great run today.
FCEL or GOEV going to be more autistic up in 2021?? I need to baghold something
HOW DO I RESTART THIS FUCKING GAME
I'd bite a tiddie to see BABA fall off a cliff again


..I'm ready to take my downvotes
Why do you think that, because chipotle and bk?
Good question, but I suppose many would be limited by their means before their time to follow them all, well us poors at least.
Google it
Works til it doesn’t!
Sell my 100 shares of STIC?
The real hero
Haha what’s the boycott about?
Also yeah poors won’t boycott wmt. Where else can they go to shop
[deleted]
Down goes pltr
FUCK BITCH MCCONELL
*long term play*  


RIP if the next gen of consoles don't require discs
🚀🚀🚀
Rip XL, FUBO, what other shit meme’s we’re getting shilled past couple weeks.  I forgot already.
the loss was in 2014. He was trying to time a market crash that never came but was widely believed to be happening soon. basically shorted during a rally and never let up. I was working intensely and didn't have time to check the account. I know he prolly reads this too. If u do bro, u can stop sending photos of ur kids 4 sympathy. Everyone has kids. Fuckin Genghis Khan had kids.
I can't believe Musk has to beg his employees to barely hit a production target and it is treated as good news.

Could you imagine Tim Apple telling everybody they needed to sell a certain number of iPhones, and if not the stock price would be "souffle under a sledgehammer"? It's desperate AF.
Move on bro he’s dead
[deleted]
[deleted]
They have not been having a good week. lol
Tesla dump incoming!
[deleted]
Frustrating thing was, all my decisions were sound.  My timing has been shit.  I’ve either had solid exits that I missed because I was desperately waiting for more returns, or paper handed positions that turned out to be good, but weren’t moving fast enough...looking bask in my plays the last month it seems that my problem has been desperation, not the contracts.
Why run up in January?
Fuck man do I go with baba 240c 12/31 or baba 250c 1/08
Worked horrendously for BLNK yesterday lol
South Park covered this well 🤣
HOLDING STRONG, sir!
Man I was in NIO 12/31 50cs before they were fashionable!     Only like 70% down.
What is this?! My gains are evaporating!
It needs to be a large enough portion to be considered a yolo, otherwise it's just diversifying.
Tomorrow
That’s what they are expecting. So investors are bullish
Not falling for RKT’s bullshit again. Nope.
Already got calls something ese
Guys I think PLTR might've been overhyped.
“You miss 100% of the FDs you don’t buy. -FOMO”

–WsB

-Boomer FUD detector
Glad to be holding GME puts, but I’m getting on calls when it rockets back up over the next few weeks. 🚀🚀🚀
What about the volume?
Today can suck a whole dick
What about AAPL?

Why fuk today
[deleted]
Forget FAANG, it’s now PANTS;

- PLTR
- ARK
- NIO
- TSLA
- SQ
Is tomorrow a half day thing again ?
Oh nooooo
Buy shares retard
Because I think I legit have a degree in buying at the top. J do it everytime I fucking suck
24/7
Ok who bought TSLA at $695 by honest
Why is Tesla drilling now
A good boomer gamble. Il drop 100k now to get 1000$ back in 2 years
It’s still capital gains if it happens in 2020. So the 31st.
Not if you have collateral/can cover the margin call. In which case you get a bunch more shares on the dip! Win/win!
[deleted]
Tell me how a tens of millions of shares short position exits? The price swings materially on five figure blocks.
I woke up late to sell my FDs. I fucked up. GG
Yes. And you just earned a scholarship.
I’m not touching ETFs until the next recession. When the FED stops printing is going to be a shit show. I prefer to pick my stocks
They can’t make a plane that isn’t a death trap
[deleted]
There's some sidelined money and they ain't falling for this shit. Yeah, healthy correction due...
Yeah you’re probably right even with the typo.
Which means they will pull a ROKU and go from <$100 to over $300 in a single year.
Contemplating between SNAP and QS for “buy at close and sell at market open” trade.

Worked like a champ for BLNK this morning
Good
SPY 380 in 2022 at this rate
[deleted]
who do you trust more, yourself or me telling you to give your life savings to GameStop?

because it should be me, I have no bias.
I miss her
PLTR needs viagra
Will I get a 0.79 dividend from ARKG if I owned shares yesterday?
Lol I meant more a real solution that could be appended or placed in the trunk.
Eww there's  a pee gone wild.   If you like pee there ya go.
if you want to make the money gotta yolo 90%
HIIINNNNNNNTERESTINGGGGG
It's only *really* a gain once it's realized. IMO. Not that we'd really remove it if OP said they were still in.
Stay away from revenge trading bruh. Buy the puts when gameass hits 20 or 21. Not many buyers past that point(level 2 market data)
Who’s boycotting?
Bro what? This makes no sense.

People would take profits next year so as not to pay taxes on it this year. Shorts would cover this year so they could write it off for 2020
wtf is happening. Abandon ship!
[removed]
How could you be down on baba? It's still way up from today's low, which was already way up on yesterday
Can Teslas send messages to other Teslas on the road? Maybe like chat rooms or even competitive gaming amongst each other while getting driven around? 

If not get this to Elon ASAP
We’re in it together now.
XL proves u ALWAYS inverse citron
#I JUST PURCHASED GME CALLS LETS RIDE
GME Gang takes care of their own
Not sure it would be miraculous at all considering that is what they said they will do. They have been doubling shifts. They have been also known to under promise and over deliver
Baba, come on bruh
[removed]
[deleted]
What’s the bear case?
WTF just happened
Buy nio
We want Only Fans and StarLink and they want Subway!
Pltr boys we gonna get another moon sometime soon 🥺😩
Why do I hold calls through SPAC merger? GNOG GOEV. Do I deserve this?! NO! COME ON!
Let me cum already I have 12/31 UVXY.
"You banged Charlie Chaplin?"
[deleted]
Classic shady shit. Unsurprised.
[deleted]
Blimpies
What’s the last day for taxes for trades this year?
[deleted]
yeah just load up on about 500 Anker Powercores to give yourself 7 miles of extra range
That's definitely not what I'm on WSB for-- lol, but in all seriousness, yeah, of course. The call definitely seems crazy but the DD seems solid and for $21, I don't mind taking the gamble, it'll give me a good feel for how buying/selling/expiring works with only the potential $ loss equivalent of, like, one dinner at a decent restaurant. There's a lot of safer/nicer looking options I thought about getting into, but a lot of calls run $300+ per contract and that's a bit too much for my first try when I barely know how to do this. Hence, jumping onboard your call pick, aware that it's high-risk low-probability but fine with the outcome either way.
yea
RKT 21c
Buy baba at close wake up to it up 2%
Nio
Elon had green dick all morning and just came, so we will have to wait til tomorrow.
RIOT coiling up for a big run to $18.15 to close
$TSLA trading at a pre-split price of $3480

very legal, very cool
Danke
Missed my TSLA put order by $.2 🤬🤬🤬
Y’all XL pumpers real quiet now
i have a small position
He did cite two: rockets and radiation.
Mcconnell live shitting on the 2k
TSLA 🚀 IS REFUELING. Buckle up for the last 5 mins of hell
Full day
My GME puts were off by 2 days. I’m depressed
GME is not dead. Everyone knew it would pull back a couple days at end of year. Great buying opportunities for shares today and tomorrow. Don't go full retard and buy calls you autists, just buy shares.
Of course it is but whoever bought wasn't expecting it to hit $1000 anyway. A 25 point move with such cheap premiums was worth the reward if you had enough contracts
Tomorrow?
Bloomberg: "It's ok to enjoy being a rockstar".

Cathie: "Sure, but I've been around the block a few times before".

I bet you have you dirty girl 😘
Bill SPACman is re-ipoing PLTR 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
[deleted]
baba red in 5 minutes
Is it half trading hours for tomorrow ?
They go all in on FDs, can't blame them.
[deleted]
Edit calls might be stupid
Probably more tomorrow
Lol i didn't know, so AAPL did it again, just like with the mouse
Definitely. Such a fun place to visit. Been there twice. Would definitely do it again
[deleted]
BABA is practically free money
inform deez nuts
FUBO is the next Blockbuster , not GME
Can you also buy some VZ puts?  Some half-witt may be too deep into 65C expiring mid January...🙄
[removed]
amzn 3330c x 4, 1231
Buy more GME
What happened to this subreddit ? Y’all some hoes fr
subway
I bought like 20 shares of arkk n arkg too. They like -3 to -10% lol. Am i doing this whole etf wrong
Affirmative
I’m feeling a dump into close today
Nio 50c
eat my anus you fat dink
If your whole Roth IRA isn’t in OTM weeklies on sketchy EV stocks you get banned.
Like 75% of it if I’m confident
Really not a bad move IMO
I almost feel bad for the 12/31 $30c I sold for $1.16 lmao
Bears are edging
Nice!
I’m going to start a publicly traded university called Retard U. TSLA $750 EOY
This is the way
MT is not really something WSB can pump, this is why we have the 1 bil mkt cap rule
Tsla puts
How old are the folks who made the first graphics card?
so what calls do I buy then?
I guess that GME guy isnt getting married.
SOLDIERS of GME!! HOLD STEADY! your fellow traders are right beside you!
Robinhood 🙄
All these GME haters really don't understand do they
Ruh roh raggy
Iron Condor into Led Zeppelin.
Scrolling through new comments, looks like all you have to do is mention gold or awards and B-O-O-M 💥🚀🚀🚀🚀
I swear the ceo or someone at $gme managed to manipulate this sub into pumping their shit up. Idk why you guys rather buy $gme over $blnk
Warm and wet
Full day tomorrow closed friday
Everyone is trying to sell and make a profit with their shorts but stock too high
Got 2k in buying power going to waste someone give me a quick overnight play
if you sell GME rn you're an idiot atleast wait until January 11th.
Bottom is $16 minimum in either tomorrow or monday
fngu holdin up
GME just went to the grocery store to get milk and a packet of cigs. He told me he'll be back. 💎👐
Felt that way mon & tue ... now up 40% today
COME ON TIM APPLE JUST GIVE ME ONE FAT GREEN DILDO BEFORE EOD.
[deleted]
Real question. Are people yoloing their whole accounts or a portion?
BurgerFi long term hold
[deleted]
Buy a different strike/expiry
Damn I thought aapl was the safe play today
Idk where you're seeing people on wsb talking shit about tesla, it's the original meme stock
RSI just became public today as well. Another sports betting company. Appears to be at half of dkng's multiple.
Holy fuck that RKT volume
I like your thinking scholar
TSLA fighting for 695. Let’s go Papa Elon big 🍆🍆 energy 700 EOD 💎💎💎💎🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀💰💰💰💰💰💰💰
Rage bought some 12/31 puts today after I sold my calls at a 90% loss.
is ok bro gains everywhere
LMAO @ XL
fuck i’m on the wrong side of vol, sold nio puts and losing from the vega impact
  
should’ve bought calls wtf
Uh where you going BABA
"Clean" but still just burning carbon.
[deleted]
The GME spike at open was from 45k shares short being closed.

I borrow desk has the total available down to 30k at 3p.

I'm willing to bet that drops down to 0-10k at the next update.

They out of ammo, happy new years.  GME🚀🚀🌑
Thank you! It did look interesting so I appreciate actually being able to see what the axis mean etc lol
I mean honestly a $1000 01/15 is retarded, maybe not in hindsight but it is
This market desperately needs a pullback for it to moon again. It has lost all the momentum.
So embarrassing watching all these paper hand pussies sell rn, imma just keep buying every day. fuck it and fuck Melvin lets SQUEEZE
k
How do wash sales work on options at end of year?   Can’t deduct the loss if you reinvest it back in the same stock for 30 days?    Or can you buy back in after the first of the year?
Just use grindr if that’s your thing 😅
[deleted]
[removed]
Glad I reloaded on TSLA last week.
All day
Searched the post and he posted \~15min before me. I've been working on this DD for a week or so, but didn't have time to write it up til now. Thanks for coming back btw.
I demand MORE POWER in my hour
I’m holding stock and warrants for a while but I wouldn’t do anything that expires within Q1, just to be safe.
He probably sold us calls against his position
Link?
Welcome back! Why does Gains/Loss have to be "you're already out"? What if it's an epic loss but trade is still in progress?
[removed]
LMND straight up fucking with us with that 3% selloff in 20 minutes
[deleted]
I was wondering when Nathan for You would be memed here.
Did my part and bought 500 GME at 19.01. Fuck the bears and scared little poor bitches.
[deleted]
or trading options. i think the trading is worse
How dare you
Guess you belong here too then.
Yes.
[removed]
How is it out there
Always be careful with GME options
How many stocks you guys have in your portfolio? I have about 12, but I am going to shrink it down to maybe 3-5 stocks I really like. Fuck diversification.
[removed]
Bought weeklies lol
He said analysis, this is smart guy lingo
Give it literally 10 minutes
it only cares about staying below 30.
Low volume day and it’s only down 2% lol
Chinese govt shows one pic of NIO car, stock fucking moons, reality... there are zero chinese cars on the road in USA... buy PLTR
[removed]
UVXY seem like a decent play going into Jan 5th Georgia runoff uncertainty?
[deleted]
FAANG selloff today
im in pain
If you have a problem, then go get help. Dollar cost average into SPY if you really need to but who am I to tell you how to live your life. 

I am an autist with ARKK LEAPS with quarterly short call positions against them 👁👄👁
Tesla 750c 12/31
This has been said every single time GME has been red, since like 12. It’s now at 19. The war has been won. It’s only a matter of time until they need to cover.
My last nut shriveled and died, sold this morning
BABA NOOOO
Not this year lol
Is market opened full day or half day tomorrow?
bleeding out
it's at 19
Well he’s not wrong... lol
About to buy some Tron any advice on that one?
if tesla ends the year at 694.20 can we at least pump overnight first
Nobody buying gme dip
I keep thinking FUBO can't do worse, it can.
So you've proven that you make bad decisions huh? Time to inverse your GME calls
[removed]
Def, it’s only going up so I’ll write you put options at any strike below the current price. Just gimme what you can and we’ll negotiate a strike price since you’re only trying to help a homie out
Forever and ever?
AMZN is too scared or something. Wont even get close to 3,500
I mean I starting losing dollars the second it went through lmao, I have a dogs brain
Just bought lol
[deleted]
EVs will be fantastic in 2025 with next gen batteries and chargers are everywhere.
A truly historic moment
Arrrrrrr.
I’m holding since September son. I trim on the rips, and buy the dips. This has a lot more room to go. They didn’t even announce Q4 sales and return to profitability
Don’t look now.
Because with RH you can buy in dollars. So he likely saw, for example, “buying power: 45,5638.93.”  So in the order screen, when it asks how much of this stock you want to buy, he just typed “$45,5638.93” to not do any division himself.
Hope you enjoy eating Subway. Get me a footlong when you're there.
Why would you bother selling ahead of the investor day on Jan 9?

Don't tell me you bought weeklies.
This whole sub is reactionary fucking drama queens
Yup
it was still a SPAC in November lmao this dude doesn't even know what he's talking about 😂
Happy Holidays!
the only safe stock is TSLA you bastards
This makes me happy have a great day sir
500k vehicles delivered for the year.
Yes, I have PhD in Counter-Strike.
Fuck no dude everyone that wanted to sell sold after inclusion.

Next stop is literally Mars, we already passed the moon
Or it goes to 100 either way
more fuel for the squeeze!
SQ leaps = easy money
I wonder when these videos are going to come out of folks
I told y’all this would happen. Tomorrow is the big drop. Get ready to buy lots of discounted GME
#ATTENTION:

PSTH is most likely buying subway, and no that’s not a joke. They will probably buy the worst fucking sandwich chain on the planet.
AAPL $134c 12/31 - thank me in the morning
[deleted]
Hello red my old friend
I'm 33 fuck you
wow GME managed to stay above $19 THIS IS BIG ACCORDING TO MY TA ANALYSIS
This is precisely the reason why it will not pump
I was in the phone for 15 minutes! What the fuck did you do to GME?! Can’t leave you guys alone...
[Screenshot at the perfect moment 👌 ](https://i.imgur.com/gxKJMZp.png)
Not a bad idea if you are playing the short term
Reverse psychology bitch. This guy is heavily invested in $GME.
Why the fuck are you guys talking about Burger King?
Thanks, I got in today at $27
[removed]
It sucks even more when you run out of gas and have to get towed somewhere. So 45 mph sounds a lot better than 0 mph and $200 tow an hour later.
I’ll do it if you do it. I may already have.
Yeah, I had 3 accounts 10-12yrs old on my phone, they all got hit at once.
I saw 7 teslas on the way home from work and I drive one. Bullish af
Can someone show AAPL back to the green room please?
Been saying that since $400 pre split
Apple has been giving me Epstein vibes today
My condor on X had it's wing break💔
The GME battle of $19 is intense.
Such a sweet time to being buying
[deleted]
Better sell before the event though. They almost always disappoint.
Jan
[removed]
Don't blame me, I've gone deeper than Backdoor Sluts 9
the GME guys have been telling you forever. Shares and long dated options. Getting wiped out by a few percent drop after a 40% run up is your own fault.
Good luck! You'll get that second comma eventually
12 year olds really shouldn’t be drinking
They have a bigger problem, lying about liabilities.
Y is tesla up so much? Any news?
I’d say 17
RKT 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
I thought cars depreciated?
GME about to offer shareholders and call buyers $13 in store credit
I’m all in
I was just giving you trouble bro, my ass only read 6 to 24 haha congrats homie 🚀🚀🚀
Not jealous, just proud king👑
I DRINK YOUR MIKSHAKE
Market is closed on Friday isn't it ?
Yeah, that’s my thought.  I’ve been getting burned on GME FDs the last month, but 1/15 looks juicy.
Dude good job man.. i had a feeling when btttc was going to pop because some chart peeps were calling for it but i didn't realize this existed!! Great job man. Add more on the dip! This will run all year
You guys think it will go back up to 26-30$ range in January?
They are buying subway
Lmao. Get a real car that runs on dead dinosaurs.
Psth
[This is you right now](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kn6ntc/full_circle_autist/)

Email robinhood, have them set you to cash, buy shares, profit.

Buy GME yearly magazine membership for auto 400% ROI if you're feeling extra chadly.
Yeah, umm for sure. But I speculate man, I dont hold most stock more than a year
Whose down from baba today but still holdin??💎🖐
TSLA gonna break $700 by close tomorrow LETS FUCKING GO
Probably opportunity cost?
I don't have time, too many retards wandering in here shitting the place up instead of using Google.
No. It’s just beginning. Another 7000% year coming next year. 

Oh shit I put an extra zero there. But doesn’t matter
If tsla goes above 695 I’m gonna blow
Its fucking VIDEO GAME BLOCKBUSTER
Well, could’ve had an easy 100% gain but I was too much of a puss lol.
In Cancun Mexico listening to some random dumb ass talk about $BABA. Top is in boys.
Don't stress it unless you've lost substantial cash. I'm at a place where absolute worst case next 2 weeks suck and I come out with what I came in with. 

I'm personally going to continue investing. This is just a lesson to me. Don't buy weeklies, don't put too much into options. Diversify. Ignore "YOLO" and "FOMO" feelings. Spend more time on sane subs like r/investing than on WSB. Research your own stocks too, don't just stick with DD posts on Reddit. I'm no pro but this the easiest way to stay safe.
Sour hour incoming
You had one job
[deleted]
how much more can GME drop, maybe down to 16?
Holy shit whoevers giving awards must have had  a bunch of tsla shares
I bought at 13.88. Went up to 46% lasst week i didnt sell now its at +36%. So took L a bit but still profit. Whst do u mean paper hands
Last day of 2020 market, right? Or half day tomorrow?
Buy the SE dip
green mirage
Salute OG!
Oh, good catch! Thank you sir. Here you go: 🚀🚀🚀
PLTR going red. Rip call holders
According to the message I got from Ameritrade this morning you'd have tomorrow. 

For anyone playing at home I'm sitting this one out.
Don't worry, I just bought puts for GME. Y'all should see it bounce back now.
Middle out?
[removed]
I’m happy w way OTM jan 2022 1300c ... up 40% today 

Stocks, sure if long term wait and have excess capital 

Nah... I still see FDs as more interesting if you have conviction
Once ppl stop talking about PLTR it’ll moon. It does best where it thrives. In secrecy
Screen capped 694.20
Rkt takes off as everything else does.
Well my pltr calls are now red :/
FOMO into TSLA
GME bois getting fucked hard lmaoo
Defensive dollar pop
Lazr
[removed]
Why are some of you not balls deep in PSTH? Dont think ackman will find a good target? 26 too far from 20? Its the easiest play of the century, so little risk but easily a 10 bagger for the patient
Is there a company that sells a portable charger? Like one where you could store a charge and keep it for an emergency?
People have the attention spans of goldfish, you can’t ask them to wait a little bit of time for a huge return. They want it now
This gave me my virginity back
Two words: Government Funded....
[deleted]
Tomorrow Nio $50+?
Bet sports, don't make quick trades all day, bet on sports because it's set up like that, not this stuff
Holy fuck this is cringe

Also, GME, buy the dip retard.
TSLA is up 700% YTD. You think people aren't going to take profits at ATH on the last day of the year?
TSLA Cock teasing the shorts before hitting 700 lmaoo
Buy the dip
Have to 💎👐 🚀🚀🚀
Would you let us know if you start rolling your Jan 15 calls? I'm holding some too. Not losing hope yet though.
Swore off weeklies and FDs, but a NIO 50c 12/31 sounds like a way to make the new year interesting.
I got 30k to YOLO tomorrow, give me one SPAC, not 10.
Did Timmy stop doing buy backs? Let’s gooo
Parik Patel liked it soo...
No the drill not the squeeze
AMZN NOOOOOO
same difference... hundreds of billions of dollars to throw all around the market, one way or another.
This. I'm buying up a few dips...
Is SPY going to fall off a cliff or what?
Let's go free fall let's go!

*clap clap clap*
So are futures gonna pump and fade for the third day in a row tomorrow, if that's the case:

buy calls at close, sell at open
buy puts at open, sell at close

Can't go tits up
Buy the god damn dip mother fuckers!
I'm drunk at 12. The deliver guy knows me by name. Lol
looks like sour hour. AAPL losing whatever it gained this week by tomorrow.
Not a bad move i been sitting on nio 55c 1/15 you should be okay because of the nio day run up
Did the same thing. Started buying at the beginning of 2020 and loaded up on 1000 more shares in mid-August (super lucky timing). Now I'm at about 1500 shares and am up bigly and I don't worry about the big swings (losing $2k in a day isn't a big deal when you're already up $25k and expect it to recover)
[deleted]
baba you are starting to disappoint
who the fuck is giving all these awards
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/GATAluuk the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Someone poisoned the water hole. 💦🕳️😜
Is SPCE having a heart attack?
[deleted]
Let's see your postions
is baba gang still alive and well?
"what's happening with GME" says wsb expecting to behave like a very stable stock!
Tf write a book
Lmao sooo true my dude
fuck this
[deleted]
The demand for these metals has skyrocketed in the last 5 years and will continue for years to come, so please explain how you got the notion that these metals were only used for 1970 color tvs
Tesla's are fun to drive but it really sucks when you're in a remote area with low battery and you gotta go 45 in a 65 to make it to the charger. Also the lack of super chargers is annoying. I'm at a Marriot taking a long shit while I wait.
GME roller coaster weee we goin down another 10% today
As bad as RKT
There is a 34 minute delay fetching comments.

I will be messaging you in 3 days on [**2021-01-02 19:31:36 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2021-01-02%2019:31:36%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://np.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kmp2lg/bed_bath_to_infinity_and_beyond_bbby_solid_dd/ghj0rjw/?context=3)

[**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fkmp2lg%2Fbed_bath_to_infinity_and_beyond_bbby_solid_dd%2Fghj0rjw%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202021-01-02%2019%3A31%3A36%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%20kmp2lg)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|
u/computerte1996 what’s the move on the GE calls? I’m down 40%. Hold or cut losses,
Distribute them to me and I'll go about making sure everyone gets their appropriate piece.
12/31 calls are what I blew my last 1K on.  I’m a believer in the GME long theory, but have been chasing losses with GME FDs just bleeding my account.  Been looking at the 1/15s, but been burned by GME short dated calls already.  

That being said, I’ll probably buy some tomorrow.
sold 300 shares at 26.97 today. Will re-enter at anything below 26.50. Or if it doesn't get back down then I will buy at market price 2nd week of january
[deleted]
Why are they in danger?  Sell during the next spike up if you're really worried about it.
Wait..... You're telling me FCEL DOESN'T make poop 😱😱😱
The follow-up discussion should be, "What separates the autists from the retards?"
It’s so cute.
You are the only one who seems to be able to create the Bots that have helped keep this sub on track. 
Well done 👍
[deleted]
You misspelled rocket emjoi
Looks like GME just got hit with a big short at once
Remember this time last year, we held our collective breath on 🥭’s trade deal with China?

This year, it about stimulus, new variant of COVID strains, and what Cathie Wood bought yesterday
What it used to be like? GME
Yeah I agree with you, I think, idk I haven't been here long but I don't have more than a few hundred at a time to get locked up, it has to do with money as well, I don't know much of this sub is in that situation as well but I'd think it wouldn't it would be a nominal amount of the total subs.
[removed]
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/poozapooza the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
[deleted]
I'm up 7% in a day on ARKG stonks, not options. Cathie Wood, you beauty
I think I’m addicted to gambling. I always feel like I have to buy something everyday. I’m cash right now. Fighting the urge to make a dumb play
Humble brag but I bought 30 25$ FDs at open today and sold for an average of 80%. Switched to puts immediately and up 60% on them. This stock seems to be a great swing trade stock.
Nothing more American than losing my money during power hour 🇺🇸💵🦅
$MP 25c Jun 21 to the moon🚀🚀
Dates and strikes playa
Get into SPACs.
XL is trash
You just put your Dick on her shoulder. Always works for me.
Yes. Big pump is coming next week
I don’t believe you TSLA. I DON’T BELIEVE YOU. STOCK OFFERING. COMPETITION. OVERVALUATION. I feel like I’m going crazy!
All the GME diamond hands in here bouta be tested
When did u get in?  I been in since 18,500 small gains but gains nonetheless
I told you GameStop was dead
Didn't russian Lebedev had a keyboard like that like 15 years ago? 

look up "Optimus Maximus Keyboard"
Lmao 😂 cause its blockbuster
Who are these competitors?
Is it gay? ---> Mods
I bought GME in the hopes that y’all will pump it. But I forget, always inverse wsb!! 😤😤😤
Mickey gonna eat your lunch.
It’s okay I fomod into $50 12/31 Nio calls
Dollar is dead though.
[deleted]
lol the ban is real? I don’t think so rainbow bear
When you're at ATH, every high is a resistance.
GuYs LoOkS LiKe PlTr Is GoInG tO bReAk 26 pRiNtEr GoEs BrRrRrRrR
HAHAHAH THIS RETARD CANT EVEN LOOK UP THE RIGHT STOCK 😂😂 November 2 it was at $11. You retards don't understand global dynamics and the need for raw materials and commodities after the pandemic disrupted manufacturing supply chains. Leave the thinking to the big boys
What are they saying?
GME: daddy told me he'll be back. I'll wait. 💎👐
Short term; GME 🚀
Long Term; PLTR 🚀
Nah dude mostly everything’s closed across the globe for them
She is with her BF you dumbfuck, how many times are you gonna pass her around!
One Rule:  Never sell TSLA.
By far the most boring trading week this year
Ey GME can suck me off how bout dat 🐻🐻🐻
Remind me one month
im fading, man. i'm fading
Half my portfolio consists of buying the top of meme stocks
Time for some honest feedback.

If you don't even have the ambition to do your own research, a little reading, maybe a video or two, and even *attempt* to understand what we do, then you have no business being on our gambling sub.  And, I should note, you've got a pretty big snowflake complex to just walk in here, drop your shit infront of 1.7 million people, and expect everyone to stop the game to explain the basic rules to you.

It's your money, but do yourself a favour?  

Go away.  Never comeback.
[deleted]
[removed]
Here comes RKT to play with my emotions
🤣
Its a shitty company
If you have 📄 🤚 sell now. This is going to be a bumpy ride. Read the DDs, research the stock and buy back before Jan 11
[removed]
Why is GME not $40 yet?
Bro solo is soooo 2 months ago
Holy shit are you ill
[deleted]
I went spy puts
Shoot me
LMAOOO
I got a baby scalp but the spread ate half my profit, I have no idea about this company just saw it had pulled back from a recent high and looked like it was trending back up.
Keep rotating into TSLA, I get to buy up the scraps...
[removed]
What literally everyone has been telling you is going to happen.
Really wish the vote delete bot is still here
If I asked you to actually try and take a worse picture I’m not sure if you could manage
[removed]
Omfg what happened to the WSB daily discussion thread :-(
It’s as bad as BYND
[removed]
Rkt pushing
[deleted]
So much for my February $24 calls
Tomorrow gonna moon big as bears close out their shorts for a loss to reduce taxable income for the year.
My sweet summer child... the entire market is a pump n dump
I didn't recommend holding anything ya big dumb dumb. I said look at projections (so you can be informed)
[deleted]
it was bankrupted in 2015 due to china undercutting their  prices and squeezing them out of the global market. They are unable to do this anymore due to the fact they don't even have enough to supply the demand that is growing rapidly, let alone the fact that many countries and companies are distancing themselves financially from china
You're right cuz we'll remember you forever RIP
Oh shit gme broke through 19
Damn baba really showed me today, any of y’all holding on it?
I need some guidance onto some gains
#GME SOODIDE MISSION 😂
Its super funny how bears are always analyzing stocks, and they are right on. But bulls still win 90% of the time.
youre automatically on margin if you're on robinhood.

Hint if you don't have to wait 1 day for options and 3 for stock, before you can yolo your money again, it's margin.
[deleted]
Yes
XL fucking roasting me. Jesus fucking christ.
Drillstop lol
I've been there buddy, I went huge on SPACs at the worst time too, i think i should have sold and bought other stocks which if i had done, would habe covered all my losses and then some.

Hope you can do that buddy, good luck, I like you ♡
I’m holding 30 calls but anything over that is a little too risky I think.
I don't disagree.
Wooh these options for Jan 15 and Jan22 getting a decent pump. In for the pump. I know shit but happy to loose 1k right away.
All the bad news is out??  That’s what I thought at 255.
[deleted]
I usually day trade AMZN, back after half a year hiatus.
[deleted]
Fucking fades, fades everywhere
Take another English class.
I'm cashing in for 2021 taxes. I don't want to go up a bracket for 2020.

That's why I'm wondering if individual whales are waiting for 21. Institutions are probably slowly letting go, but not "cashing in" for 20
*money* / stupid me
Im all in on PLTR, we will have a great 2021 after these tards stop saying we grew too much this year
A point I make is that the algorithms are based off trained facial data sets that no one else has. Palantir have a competitive advantage in that no one else has the amount of trained data. 

What’s your take?
I just increased my position by 50%.
I like your enthusiasm, I don’t think the mouse does though
right there with you!
So I sell my UVXY the minute  I have a gain, or do I hold into tomorrow
Stimulus talks not going well
Charts
Lmao mans is getting killed in these comments sections
they will announce rates hike out of nowhere just watch
Qs calls
RKT still my favorite out of the bunch. But I don't own any of them.
Can't stop. Won't stop. GAMESTOP!
drill drill drill
LMND dip!!
Soon
[deleted]
 What would you have done differently if you were in Powell’s shoes?
What to do with the Tesla stocks? Hold them for the next year or is it a good time to sell??
[removed]
I purchased 5600 shares early December and made sure that the transaction was of type cash on Fidelity. After reading this, I checked my positions and these are now classified as "Securities held in margin"; wtf? Anyone seeing the same? Knows what's up? Thx
Just do a small amount of research. You'll get it
When to sell gme??
Great question, I'm not sure if it would be today or tomorrow with the holiday..
Earnings announced for 1/26, always good for a pop
what ticker
it’s gonna dump
This is the insider trading DD that I like, nice job Buddy Fox
Yeah that's the go-to for all the financial guru douchebag ads that play for these videos 😆
Wtf GME?
Data aggregation for root cause solutions
And that’s why 99% of the retards here don’t make money.
[removed]
I almost bought TSLA calls yesterday but went with PINS instead 🤡
Who do you think the target is?
What’s happening with GME?
Yep, this is from unusual whales too
spy, what the fuck are you doing. you're supposed to enter the new year at an ATH.
See you tomorrow
Been in on Ford since $4.69 (100 shares gets you the employee discount!)
PSTH positions? Looking for an eod entry
I can only get so erect.

Also testing resistance at 48.26
I stand corrected- it's now 9.125% (PLTR is pulling 4.75%, by way of comparison.)

Relative to many here, it's a small position of [only 1,500-shares](https://imgur.com/a/yVifRXb), and it's ~7% of this account, but maybe 2%-ish overall?
Positions?
AMZN 4000 when?
Weak hands don't deserve the glory anyways. Can't wait for all the gain porn soon. 💎🙌🏼
Eh it won’t dump hard, it’ll bleed.  Hell a chunk of volume today is probably shorts from the past week covering.  Can validate that by looking at borrowing cost to see if it’s dropped.
Again?
Congratz, don't forget about the taxes.
Sour hour incoming
Do you basically buy at the money normally then? Been thinking of doing some etf long call plays
QS calls or NVDA puts for tomorrow?
except the next one
I think it's just because other China stocks are doing well and took nio with them
Would have averaged down that’s a terrible cost bro wtf. Anyways fuck it and hold. Every time i sell before it is up it always profits so take my advice.
NET all time highs tomorrow. Fuck around and find out
Hard to say, I’m just waiting for the drop.
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/Supreme-Vlouted the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Legit not sweating anything.  Just waiting.
[removed]
Worst case scenario. Low IV. I bought February. Bail at 10% loss.
Power dump here we go!
Plug
I like it
Dump that trash
Target as a shopping experience makes me not want to rip my ears out and shove them into my eyeballs like Walmart does tho
This
Nio day bruh...
But TDOC, n n d m, sq, surf are treating me right
lol pltr
Nothing is more patriotic than the UNITED STATES DOLLAR and it’s about to ROAR next month. Short equities and metals with max leverage.
They are adding a fortune cookie dispenser into the dash. Gonna be huge.
It's funny, everyone sells their other positions to have enough money to play TSLA which drags the indexes down lol
The WeirdLie guy comes and pumps NIO every day without fail.
will never buy options ever again
This. I imagine that's what crack feels like
Diamondu-handu
95 till infinity
I think there’s a difference between retards and bots - but something should definitely be done about the spam
All in GME $25c 1/15. I guarantee this $15k loss will be the least of your worries.
cmon NIO, i need dat big thicc green hulk PP
Are my RAVN 2/19 35C screwed?
nah pump past 695
PLTR DOESN'T GIVE A SHIT ABOUT SPY, POWER HOUR  or TA. IT ONLY CARES ABOUT DISAPPOINTING
[removed]
Through what the final 6%? Who fuckin wouldn’t, to lat to back out now
Fuck that twat. GME going to $30
Going to take a nap so I don’t do anything dumb during power hour
Mike Santoli says "we're getting a little stretched" every. single. day.
selling 5000 gamestop shares in 5..4... 3... 2.. anyone convince me
I made a lot of money on BABA by following some weird $9mm bet someone made back in April. I think it was Unusual Whale Twitter that told me

That person could have made 100s of millions if they held as long as I did
F
You’re back?! This is great news!
STOP selling TSLA once it shoots past 695 it will pump
NIO day Jan 9
U idiot i lost 10% on ark etf this week and u want a flash crash
You’re all caught up! 🐱
Bought tsla at the top didn’t I! Again fuck!
Fuck yes. Best trading day I've ever had. Up 6k today with most of that locked in (and promptly put into NIO calls 🙏)
Bruh I’m loading up on 0DTEs tmrw morning, first 15 minutes better be a fucking party or else
[deleted]
nah it’s this week bet
[deleted]
Buy a used revolver
AAPL just patented keyboard without physical layout, will change the letters on the keys when you change the language, M1 bullish AF  
[https://www-forbes-com.cdn.ampproject.org/c/s/www.forbes.com/sites/ewanspence/2021/12/29/apple-macbook-pro-macbook-air-keyboard-display-patent-documents/amp/](https://www-forbes-com.cdn.ampproject.org/c/s/www.forbes.com/sites/ewanspence/2021/12/29/apple-macbook-pro-macbook-air-keyboard-display-patent-documents/amp/)
Holding Apple calls past Tuesday morning has been something
RIP MFGrim (? - 2020)
[deleted]
Where does the part that takes place behind a Wendy’s dumpster come in?
baba bby wrong way
it's because we can't have nice things
[deleted]
Does that mean sell when its high? Or keep holding
Bought IPOF July calls
Basically guaranteed, buy FDs now while you can
tesla
And bears talking about the bubble that will never pop
Cashing in is this week
Hmmm. What am i missing here. If Sherman did this that would be a bull move and therefore obligate me to also get the kids savings account involved to buy more shares
That bear looks like it's been eating a lot of tendies
I'm not OP but you are genuinely retarded, projections over 10 years determine price point today you big dingus
The ol' sole of a shoe with BBQ sauce
Bought B N G O shortly after open, now pretty much break even lmao serves me right
tesla calls free money rn no resistance above ATH 🚀 🚀
All 5
So TSLA $700+ next week, not this week. MM’s always fuck over milestone strikes on the day of expiry.
PLEASE someone explain to me why NKLA, with literally 0 products to sell, keeps inching itself back to life? Is this MM's doing? Or my fellow retards? My January 15 10P's are sweating hard after cackling two weeks ago. Even with the lockup extension to april they should be near the goddamn floor.
You already proved your idiocy. You can stop now.
Double down. Its the professional technique. Stonks only go up. 🚀🚀🚀
all the good spacs have had their run up already 😔
Can someone please explain why Nio is mooning thank you.
Someone give me cheap 0DTE yolos
[removed]
I best not see one more red candle on my precious NE-YO
It’s gonna be a cool story or a sad one but a story nonetheless.
PSTH is one of the best plays for 2021. Just buy a bunch of shares, delete your app, and check back in the summer
War raging at $19. Support looks like it might hold?
No one wants a futures bet when there's games on all day
Shorting PLTR here. Looks extremely week. Failed to break 25.50
[deleted]
You don’t have to worry about counting your losses. Robinhood does that for you. It’s right there
Think it will be tommorow?
y'all were here for 420.69

now we're all here for 694.20

see y'all at 1080.69
I have decided to fuck with the mouse..
Damn my man
I quit the stock market, do i just split my shares between you guys evenly or what?
Didnt they already sell shares or was that elon? 

If they dont have a place to put the money, theres little point. Could just hold and sell for 2x in 6months.
Last chance for TSLA poots free money
yah man they are releasing a new mario bros
Can’t even buy one share of Tesla with the stim. Fuck outta here
[removed]
[removed]
CRM is just a giant hot Turd.
Lol you think he gets wiped out in 1 month?
Dead boomer company
say it ain’t so
My 1000% is ambitious, it’s on 1/15/21 27c’s, I have feb and March mid 30’s calls as well. We might experience a little down but I’m honestly buying shares too for the future, I’m in ACES with shares as well and I’m looking forward to how much they’ll rise
Ready to take off Sir!  🚀🚀🚀🚀🌕
Yeah much better bagholding GME and PLTR for -40% gains LMAO
I dont want to get in trouble lmao
If this dickhead is short I’m in, taking a position now.
Thank you to the Walmart social media intern who used their official account to insult Senator Hawley. Puts are printing!
[removed]
I sure hope it’s in the first quarter, I’ve got 3/19 calls on both $MT and $VALE.
It's a long time since we had a flash crash. Anything is better than this boring ass market.
IPOF Feb $15 calls
He bought shares and is recommending it now. No shit if you buy a penny stock and it rolls right you make money. 


Please please please Yolo on this. It was 88 cents in November it literally can't go tits up.
GME being yeeted into oblivion on $40k of volume.

Bears: BuT iT's ToTAllY NaTUrAl MoVEmENt...
I’m going to let y’all finish but first, Hordor had a better story than Bran
This is actually spot on, don't know why you are being downvoted. Can speak anecdotally Target's online sales to in store fulfillment system is actually really smooth. Bought a lot more at target this year than amazon.
Am I the only one expecting big dumps next week as all of these 30% 2020 gains get cashed in?
And who fucking cares about what ackman has to say on CNBC today if he’s gonna be a girl and not disclose the company? 

Eat a Dick ackman. Go home if you gonna keep acting like a bitch!
2021: Going all in on NIO and PSTH... see you on Mars retards
[deleted]
Gross
Sir, don't you dare.
“Consumer bank that’s bad at being a consumer bank offer their opinion on stonks”

Daily reminder to short WFC if you’re long banking. Alpha guaranteed.
Ur down 10s of thousands you’re insane, hope it works out gonna be watching this thread lol
[removed]
Sounds like a good plan
I spent most of my money on gambling, booze, and women. The rest I wasted.
Black tape or Flip the charts upside down.
You probably missed the part where a fat 2k stimmy was being debated. It's also EOY.
[deleted]
Get out buddy
Once Tesla needs more mats they can only harvest on Mars, they will crash, definitely an EV day
I went all in with my roth on PSTH today :) is this the way that is?
Tesla you were suppose to fall under $600 then go back up next year
1.2 Million bet TSLA 660P FD
[removed]
power hour lfggggg get ur calls
[deleted]
🚀🧨🌕💥🔻🤢
I’m pretty sure pltr dropped under 50 yesterday but all I see is buy the dip
[removed]
Welp GME dead again. My 1/22 24C are in serious danger.
SPCE
💯
I'm still holding rocket
yes
Didn't they do a big issue a while back and the share price actually went up? I think Musk unlocked the infinite money cheat.
99% stop loss is the way to go
Power hour has begun
Baba :/
bloomberg > cnbc
Gonna buy more when they shake out the paper hands soon...
[removed]
AMD with a random 2% day. So AMD.
Bought 200 more shares.  Thanks for the DD
Better not tell you now
Stages of a Bull Market:

1. denial
2. anger
3. bargaining - Bears are here
4. depression
5. acceptance
why y’all still on normal stocks get on spac plays 🥱
GME making me sick
[deleted]
We buying the FCEL dip while it's still there???
nah. it is stuck at 217, +300% call enough for today ;)
Might be time for amd and nvda to move up a bit since this is their first real green day in a week and they've been dropping together but I'm no expert
PLTR always failing it’s fucking breakouts
Need to raise capital, which should I get rid of,  RKT, SBUX, CLDR, SOLO, OR FCEL?
You are the only tard here. 15 days is not a long time
What’s the reason we are on BABA before I throw money at it
I am a chronic masturbator
Buy high sell low
Gme puts
Holy fuck, thats the first Golden fuck boy I've ever seen awarded
For ber
Holy shit stfu u poor retard. Don’t do options if u can’t handle a $50 loss dumbfuck
The fear of the lock up expiration will probably tank the stock more than the actual insider selling. According to our local PLTR god u/vegaseller the actual sell off wont amount to much
It’s a minority holding in Flutter. 

That’s like buying Amazon based on Twitch revenue news.

Or buying GOOG strictly because of YouTube.
In a good way :)
What does it do though?!

I have shares...
Hold it until enough splits happen and you have 100 shares, then sell calls
The basis of this mine is not to serve the US military, the US government gave them funding so that China couldn't dictate the entire market of these metals that are used for electric cars, trucks, buses, trains, drones. The demand for these metals simply majorly outweighs the supply, and the US market for these metals will inevitably grow, and with MP being the only US rare earth mining company, this company will inevitably grow as well.
Buy one spy monthly and you’ll never think that again.
Just like you said but in Spanish
[removed]
Yo weird lie guy you were right about NIO but I paperhanded that bitch for $50 loss. Would have been up like 40%. Got 4 hours of sleep or less every night this week not firing on all cylinders lol
NIO $49 EOD
This dance is more like us retards 

https://youtu.be/HQu_NLRvULM
Fuck pyramid scheme. Now the stock market panzi scheme... just got to not be the last ones in and one of the early ones out
took all of 5 min for the support to fall out.
Jolly gee, mister! Thanks!
Biggest news there is that they were within 1000 feet of a Wendy’s
God damn it GME you WERE above my shitty buy price
IF TESLA HOLDS OVER 695 WE MOON TO 735 PUMP THIS BITCH
But isn’t the 2.5g for options??  Stocks must be 10g down.
So many pussies in here. GME is a long term play. It’s fucking up 500% on the year, 60% from earnings dip. Stop fucking selling and being a bitch asking what to do.
Why
Extremely likely.
PUMP GNOG NOW RETARDS
PROFESSOR GME-AVIER IS A JERK!
Maybe some day. But this is not the day
I blame Mitch.
I hold 2 boo coins I bought at $6k. Should’ve bought more
imagine how Wall Street feels seeing what this sub has done at the same time as the SEC green lights the SPAC method of directly IPOing to the people 

They must be so fucking mad lol
As others pointed out it's probably a hedge but the dip buyer in me wants it to be true.
Proof?
SPY, if you wanna just go up and stay up, that would be great.
the interview was removed anyone got a new link?
this gme selloff is bullshit. buy the fuckin' dip.
Welcome to the Desert of the Real
Sorry for thy loss 😔
Idk why anyone would trade SPY.. that shit is boomer
This shit better rip in power hour to make up for the other 80% of this shitty-ass trading day
how likely is pltr to pump 30% in power hour?
I mean - all I know it Romney’s family absolutely went to Mexico when polygamy became illegal in the states. Whether they still have multiple wives, I dunno. But why would they stop?
I think it and know it
lmaoo, to the right, a good direction
All you boys are going to be jealous when my AMD leaps are twenty baggers
probably
Last month
BAN. Go to r/stocks pussy nobody here cares
If you never sell it, you don’t make money
Alright now we can close $750
Calls on cancer
Pain
idk my butt kinda hurts right now, i don't think i can take it like they can
alt f4
Thank you for your contribution, fellow astronaut.
Data is king 👑 PLTR TO THE MOON 🌙
[deleted]
There is a Cathie Wood look a like at my resort in Cancun and she had massive tits. How do I ask if she wants to sit on my face?
Feels like PLTR and SPY is about to have a sour hour. Way to slow of movement all day and trending down
Are there actually people here that think TSLA's current valuation is justified?

If so, you're in the right damn place.
I think it’s a long play man. I got shares for that reason
TSLA to $10,000 by yesterday
One rotten apple can spoil the whole batch.
🇨🇳🇨🇳🇨🇳🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
GME dying
Fuckin Lamestop 😡😡
[removed]
And the mods ban people calling him out, then he thanks them

https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kmhxmq/i_inversed_sir_pumpanddumpalot_on_crsr_and_made_40/ghgarbj/
Tomorrow gonna be messy
u/zjz welcome back my gay brother
This is true. As I replied to another it is a wonderful platform for long-term, high value investing. Terrible for short-term trades, though. I find the best mix to be Schwab for my retirement accounts and tastyworks (or RH if one is inclined) for short-term screw around brokerage plays.
[deleted]
Honestly wondering if March UVXY calls to hedge my shit might be the move... just uh... in case y’know?
TRNFD 😉
I want to believe.
Dealing with incompetent e-commerce sellers (eg on grailed, eBay) is almost as bad as dealing with 🌈🐻
Are you willing to hold for a few months?
[deleted]
[removed]
Why not both?
But I bought shares at 21.3 on Monday ☹️
NIO is a long term hold. I ain't selling that shit until 2030.
If you had the backbone to shove money into the market when it was cheap af in March (and all of WSB was bearish af), then you made a killing. I upped my leverage back in March, I've done far better this year than in 2019 (despite lower overall market returns).
LIES!
In desktop it’s under charts and then drawing tools

On mobile it’s one of the things in the menu if u tap
👀
POWER HOUR TSLA gooooooo! 🧨🧨🧨🧨🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀💎💎💎💎💎💎🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆
🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡
[removed]
Have fun losing money🤣🤣
Thanks zjz for your help with the signal to noise ratio. 
With 1.7m people posting it would devolve into spam quickly without some way to sort wheat from chaff
Same shit
TSLA, throw it in reverse baby gurllllll
Buying the top sucks
Any cheap yolo plays
https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kn09ji/daily_discussion_thread_for_december_30_2020/ghj3qux/

Here you go
It’s been a living nightmare without you
You must be in the UK. Keep your Covid AIDS over there bro. C’mon Mann!
Good DD
Why would you go short when you could go long?
I just checked their financials they haven’t made any actual profit in a year? They lost like $1B
The second I buy a stock it instantly fkn goes down, I’m about to send lube to wall street so that they could at least use some fkn lube while THEY’RE FUCKING ME IN MY ASS 🍑🍑🍑
Thanks to stonks I’m now a stress smoker 

Puts on my lungs
[deleted]
And I’m freeeeeeeee.... FREE FALLLINNNNN
Yea and if you bought 25cs when that DD came out you'd be making fat tendies right now you fucking retard so miss me with that garbage. Same shit people said back then and then on the 27th of November MP got a contract with the US gov for their metals which caused the boost to the 30s. Youre too retarded to even use hindsight. I sold mine for a slight profit and sold my calls a little early but don't care now
Did I break NET
20mins into the video, it’s really a masterpiece. Shot from so many angles to build the suspense from the crash.
I am going to buy as many as I can before it hits $50...
robinhands at market open
Look out below TSLA bulls
First time? 🏴‍☠️
I bought and bought the dip till I had 0 cash.
boomers: “look at me. I’m the retard now”
🇨🇳🇨🇳🚀🚀
ICLN 2/19 31c.
GME $15 very soon!
Grassy ass
That meme top is definitely going to be a level of resistance only to become support in the future.
Sleep
Boring day!
It’s absolutely unreal
You're a wizard Harry
#Thirsty
25.26 ( + 2.43 %) 🤪🚀😭
Rolling down the hill*
Wow I can’t believe Tim apple got caught blowing Jeff bezos behind a Wendy’s. Nothing wrong with gay people but wow!
[removed]
Yes this mine has only bankrupted three different companies. It prints money.
Power hour boutta start retards  STRAP YOURSELVES DOWN🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Mods yesterday banned a user calling him out
Looks like GameStop is maxed out
Exactly. Who’s the retard now??
[deleted]
This is the shit I come here for. Well done sir. 👏👏👏
I hit 1000% today on my tesla too! Waiting for 10,000
Short #GLD
TSLA 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀

[NICE ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)](https://i.imgur.com/T7mo5vy.png)
ready to buy some more GME....
WSB killed Michael Burrys Big Short 2.0 🤣
Trying for a quick scalp on ARCT during power hour but this sucker looks like it might pull back on me.
this reminds me of LL
Imagine not buying the dip in (insert literally any stock people talk about on here) 🤡🤡🤡
Same, actually, I just disagree with any concept of traders using Schwab. In my mind the successful Schwab trader is a 55-year old with silver hair sitting at their computer sipping coffee and carefully looking over all the fundamentals of a company before clicking "Trade." Works well for the long-term investor, but not a very speedy system for a short-term in and out trader. Slow as hell to trade on an option chain unless using their StreetSmart platform which itself looks to be 20 years old.
[deleted]
[removed]
Should I pull out of AAL this shit has been totally flat  for me I think I could put the money elsewhere to make money rn
You all made me do it...  
Bought my first 200 shares of GME. This better damn well work.
[deleted]
I just bought 750 more shares of GME. Retards, I hope everyone is doing their part. This is not a measly entertainment post, this is a call of duty. We all have work to do. Buy more inbreds. \*sings ritualistic GME gang chant\*
Shorts played us well today
TSLA was stuck in 420.69 for literally 2-3 months. About to be the same thing for 694.20. Good luck comrades ✌🏻
BALLS DEEP IN TSCHINA BROTHA. TSCHINA IS FUTURE.
thick gloves!
#YEAH, ID FUCK YOUR BITCH YOU HEARD ME
[deleted]
Set a limit buy at 694,20 and never look back
_Cries in renting Denverite_
The company
Downvoting his comment won’t undo your stupid decisions
Yeah I agree. I easily see us hitting $310 by mid January lol
Market Makers? More like Market Manipulators...
That’s in February. It will run up in January. Sell near the end of January or early February
Hang in there brother *Hulk Hogan voice*
He looks like Billy Bob Thornton's slow-learning cousin.
we’re *advanced retarded chimps*
Meanwhile pltr gang feel left out and offended
who the fuck wants to buy it?
If you manage a growth fund or a fund benchmarked to the S&P and you don't own TSLA by tomorrow, you're losing your job. Fact.
Its garbage DD that still values metals we used for 1970 color tvs
top is in. Buy poots
Didn't realize [The Cleaner](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/6o2EweYrUlI/maxresdefault.jpg) from Toy Story had an MBA.
PLTR 30 Jan ?
As someone with shares and LEAPS in ARKK.. I approve
NIO bulls dgaf rn.
TSLA is the best stock for weeklies lol

Holding them overnight is retarded tho
➡️
Lmao what

It's up 8% just today, charts look fine
Lol. That's me. I actually made it to the championship w/o him tho, but man talk about a wasted draft pick
My AAPL calls lost another 11%. I’m up to a 31% loss. The 🏳️‍🌈🐻 need to go away.
[deleted]
PLTR really pissing me off
Huh, TIL
His dad just fucked his company and all the employees.  That shit went to 0.
Sell the put a strike below it using yours as collateral retard
Dumped my shit this morning, theta bleed too much risk
He needs to short that forehead of his
Thanks, I hate you.
[deleted]
What fun is that?
I will forever regret not hitting submit on 3x leaps that were $5 a pop now worth $80+
wtf did you idiots do to SNAP's valuation? Yall really tripled its market cap in less than a year based on one good earnings? My god we are so fucked when this thing pops
Is this...a YOLO?
If yall allow all this GME spam then people can't bitch about other shit. How many GME "lets talk about the shorts for the 15627374747 time" posts do we get daily?
No its a petroleum logistic company,
cause I went all in on calls sorry
[removed]
Not on Schwab. Looking at it now.
Man they really don't want DASH under 140 do they?
when is it ?
Stop betting against the crowd, against the trend, against the hype and against Elon. The odds are stacked against you bigly. Just go with the flow and accept Elon as your king.
[deleted]
Pleas fly again. Ples
charts tab -> then find crayons
Hmmm Nike stocks been doing well for me. Might have to grab one of these
Lockout is not until Feb-March. I think alot of people mistake it on Jan.
PLTR if you don’t pump during the next hour I’m taking you out back and I’m bringing a shovel.
Not as appealing. I think the subtext for users here being retarded chimps is not quite what they are going for.
[deleted]
Yeah but what if they merge? Doyu price is around 11 while their price is around 20, what happens in this occasion? I’m not familiar with mergers
[deleted]
Put debit spreads are so tasty
He talked to the wrong bunch of guys, the wrong way.  GME 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Tim Cook child molester
CEO has funny accent. 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🌕
Volume is low on everything. People are off for the holidays.
Dude stop buying everyone gold and buy GME instead -_-
Just buy a fucking share and never sell it
Yes I am retarded!
I got sponsored. Two years to travel and make new friends, well worth it
C'mon JD, hit $90 already so I can splooge all over my screen lol
I heard they are fast tracking a $600 Tesla so you retards can afford one
Tsla playing games
Anybody holding BIDU calls overnight? Looking at getting back into some 220s here.
Fuck no
Everyone says they are doing big data, but the company I work for doesn't really know what to do with it. Sure they all have their Hadoop clusters and data lakes, but if these guys can provide the imagination as well inside those queries then you really have something. Imagine a situation where this software indexes and analyses your data and suggests something that you couldn't have possiblity guessed. Like putting kids in cages for example. Well that might well be the winning ticket. At least that what's what my wife's boyfriend says but what the fuck do I know.
Because yoga pants are required at Target and sweatpants/nopants are required at Walmart
did tesla peak for today
Apple Car
Damn GME really cucked me right there. 

Oh well, onto the next GUH
You know ABCs?
ARKG is cool and all but don't sleep on ARKQ 🚀🚀🚀🚀
Stop talking about me. What’s next, revealing I collected manga since ‘83 !
[deleted]
Someone tel Jeff Bezos he has a small penis
Can’t believe people are still going hard. Can’t let it go.
We shoud just have a power hour of trading every day and that's it.
Lol not sure but most likely it’ll be warrants that will appear in our account and there should be an option to exercise them. if not u can call tda and they’ll handle it for you.
Simple cures for paper hands....go!
I’m in all the meme stocks, why no uppy?
“In the case of Palantir, its short interest for the latest cycle stood at around 70.6 million, rising 15% sequentially from the preceding cycle. These figures may seem huge in isolation but they really aren’t. The company has over 1.8 billion shares outstanding which means only about 3.8% of its entire share count had been shorted at the end of the last cycle. Although there isn’t any universal rule, I personally consider short interest figures to be high only if they’re above the 20%-mark. So Palantir’s short interest figure is abysmally low by this benchmark; but don’t take my word for it just yet. 

I looked at the shorting activity in some of the similarly positioned companies to get a different perspective, but to no avail. As it turns out, Palantir is a thinly shorted stock, even by industry standards. There were a few anomalies with short interest figures topping the 15%-mark but most of the mentioned other firms saw vastly lower shorting activity and Palantir was close to the bottom of the list.”
amzn about to make a big move in some direction
I wonder why, algos? auto buy when price is 140 from MMs?
Nice brother. I don’t know one person who is bullish the stock. Once the lock up period ends this goes to 35$ at a breakneck speed. Hope you have long dated puts
All in TSLA puts. I will die on this hill.
**hold on tight bois, this isn’t your normal level of retard, this is some *advanced* retard.**
Yeah today was just total profit taking at open. Hopefully this rides back up nicely
Bag holding ALL DAY big tech doesnt have restrictions like TSLA and NIO are gonna run into, just pure data driven magic
Facts
Yo bro YoU WanNA jOiN mY HeAVy HiTteRS TraDinG GRouP
BABA power hour about to commence.  Loaded to the tits in FD 240 calls
Ohh sweet summer child, if the ride is too bumpy for you, step out. No space for weak hands
So wrong. We have the Affordable Care Act. If you’re poor you get health care for free! There’s currently 8.7% of the US population that doesn’t have healthcare and 2/3 of that group have never even examined what’s available to them. And when we do go for healthcare needs it’s quick and efficient. No need to ask daddy government if it’s alright.
TSLA puts have never gotten me anything but pain, but I'm sorely tempted. EOY profit taking tomorrow I'm thinking, and put prices are reasonable. 680p for tomorrow in the $2.70 range. Do I dare play gay bear?
Cmc=Pltr
those still holding pltr with the lockup period around the corner seems foolish. A lot of pltr employees were expecting to sell their shares at like $7 pre ipo, you don't think they'll dump their bags the first chance they get at this valuation?
300% return in 8 months. This is some boomer shit.
Yep
Well these already printed, they made the bet at $29 with a $27 strike. So no big bets pushing this further down. Lockout period is the only thing to watch out for.
For sure it's dipped and will have a good Jan and Feb if you look at the catalysts
[deleted]
So addicted
Is MBA even worth it?
Yes
Sell off before long weekend tomorrow?
[deleted]
I'd still ravage her pus
Need options to really fuel this bad boy. Like 10 days from now. So if you are a boomer and buy stocks then get in over the next 10 days as options availability should send it to the moon. 🚀🚀🚀🚀🌕
Bro this is an 80 year old mine that Chevron offloaded to a company that went bankrupt trying to get environmental clearance. After chapter 11, with most of the assets transfered to a Chinese company and a shiney new company name they went bankrupt again only to be bought by 2 hedge funds. We sent most of the material overseas to be processed over the last decade its been back up.

Further the fundamental problem with this mine is that the Mountain Pass deposit cannot produce many of the heavy rare earths that are critical to the military. For example, it lacks terbium and dysprosium, used in all high-temperature military-grade magnets for guided weapons, drones and the F-35. (Nor does it serve the U.S. commercial market, lacking lutetium, used in medical imaging devices; thulium and ytterbium, used in X-ray devices; and erbium and holmium, used in medical lasers.) 
TSLA always does this in 2s or 3s. Tomorrow will be green for TSLA after this week.
So. Read the article from Griproom. It’s happening. Disclaimer I own a lot of shares and calls.
bro it dipped UP today, what are you waiting for? the dip from 750 to 730 next week?
I mean there is the not ultra capitalist phone option: don't buy the new iPhone each year.

These people will still ignore that.
Ford
[deleted]
eh im up 700% on my tsla calls this morning, wsb plays tsla a lot. I made 400% and 600% on both of my GME plays, and im loaded up for january. I'm made good plays that have come from wsb.
Can TSLA hit 700 already oh my fuck
It looks like an earning play. They're probably betting next earning shietty I guess. Here come surprises!!! Believe!!!
Yes
POWER HOUR ON NIO INCOMING 🚀🚀🚀
Apple still being 🌈 I see.
Ofc bro
Screen record you dumb fuck 😘
you have to wonder if Unicorn is stills trying to short TSLA at this level.
My YOLO Gives HIV
this and Grindr are my safe places
Is there some kinda AAPL news I missed why is it having a red day?
If you’re asking this question you’re already unprepared with your current positions
Always aapl
I fucking selected the wrong strike by half a dollar with 98 open interest. FUCK ME.
When you buy some puts then can’t sell cause you are marked as a pattern day trader 😎😎😒
NIO day hype bleeding over to Tesla I think
NET finally
💝
I one up you BLNK
a hedge for guaranteed gains
😘
Hell nah.
[removed]
How about sitting in a rented jet that’s not moving and being overly animated?
N P A if you're patient
Me too
Following Monday. I mean it was when it was under $5 so there’s that. Doubt NIO after this years day will be up 91% but it is when they announce new products, features, etc.
[deleted]
Same here, too easy
Their share price would actually go up if they did that which Elon doesn't want because he thinks it's too expensive
Ban all the fuckers
Don't you think that autist has more time then a few months?
Still waiting for TSLA to dip to buy more.... I am going to wait forever huh?
PLTR is trash. Fight me.
Yes
Or an insanely great parody of "Drops Of Jupiter" by Train.
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [Queen - Another One Bites th](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rY0WxgSXdEE) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rY0WxgSXdEE)⠀►►⠀ 2:28 / 3:43 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
earnings will be released in feb
Another SPAC attack: DMYT => RSI
Cool. How will TD handle the warrants post merger?
Thinking the same
Cnbc is so stupid. Who the fucj cares about boddy Miller. Like wtf.
lil correction before power hour, our time to really shine NIO boys
Mate, same.

And as soon as I see a price I'm willing to sell at, I put in an order half way between bid and ask... then *magically* the ask prices drop. Everytime, like clockwork.
Why did the GME thing get started? It's a horrible company who has no real purpose...

I'm all about jumping on the band wagon but why GME?
Textbook definition of bag holding is drafting Christian McCaffrey 1st overall and holding onto him all year just too play 3 games
ofc they can
I was going to do 4 MBA applications. But dollar is so cheap I might do 5
I honestly feel sorry for all the GME tards. Going to be bag holding for a loooong time 😥
Got it
Alexa play Another One Bites The Dust
If TSLA falters this whole market coming down today.
Ya fuck you too <3
Buy baba eod tomorrow after MM killing all the calls
For baba just wait until q2
NIO ATH's next week
get a load of paper hands
IKR this shit is so oversold... It was already undervalued when it dipped to like 254 and this massive dip was just free tendies lol
YuP!
What Cum One gonna say at 3?
At the bottom of the dip
And I said CAROLLL CARROOOLLL but you know what?!? SHE DOESNT EVEN EXIST!
yepp
i tried to help you by buying years of office 365 subscription
696.96
Lmao this retard bought the top and got crushed by IV  😂 should have bought shares
Go run in the woods if you want to be free, retard...
because TSLA will be 1000 by may
I bought at 16. Im just mad i missed out on a 25% gain
I guess you can't read or are a GME cuck about to get it.

There is more good DD on GME than this play.

BTW BRK is in the energy AND rail business and has Billions.

GE may do well but BRK is 100% the better energy play imo

GME 🚀🚀🚀
IMAGINE not buying the NIO dip
Missed that one...I’ll check it out!
Take my silver and get out
:(
696.69
Buy further out
Pltr is a hard company for anyone to get a job at. They are very competitive and a job at is very prestigious in the CS world. If u r a cs data mining person u know that pltr is a steal at 25. 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀👀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
[deleted]
APPL
FCX move your tuccus
balls deep
shorts covering for TLH? 

yo no se
Yeah, they gonna get wrecked. This will be back at 27-28 easily by then.
[deleted]
No??? Are you retarded?
[removed]
Keep it coming man. The higher powers in the world are going to see all this hate and continue to bless me even more. 📈
Would love to see that portfolio. One of every stock lol
Yall holding NIO over night?
*retard
Just edit it in the page source, takes seconds.
Shhhhh
I’ll say...you chose wisely
Sad XL bag holding noises
SPACs are shit rn
696.69 fify
this pyramid scheme clown started messaging me on FB about how he started day trading with $1k🤡
I like what I like.
This show pony is getting frigged today
I know PLTR is big bec they are in DENVER COLORADO, fastest growing city in the USA 🇺🇸
Lol just got the screen shot but your notification was in it
Holy fuck this is dumb
It's 3 dollar under the high. When the fuck did you buy retard? And have you actually seen the chart? And I don't meant the fucking RH "charts"
🥂
Not shit😡
*high five*
I will start with 400 shares and I want my brokerage to buy 100 shares every time it dips
UVXY on the cheap
Anyone think the MM’s can pin TSLA under $700 for 25 hours?
CRM's best friend is INTC
STFU momma’s bitch! I been down like $2k just in shares the last 2 days! I needed a Green Day!
Ur mum
Yesterday - stocks up, options down

Today - stocks down, options up

Cancelled eachother out perfectly. Can't complain about being flat in the final week tbh. Holding steady for a green January.
Seems to go up and down like that, same as JMIA. I avoid both for that reason...guess I'm either too much of a retard or not retarded enough...
Aged like fine wine
[deleted]
GOEV is the shittiest fucking stock I've ever seen
Days to cover has been increasing though
If it breaks it’s going straight to 100 fast. I have been loading up on puts since the day they came out and every fake as pump.
Short the most crowded stock in history on a rebound. Are bears this dumb everywhere?
Im not in tsla. But im in arkk so it counts
The volume is modeled after their business model
PLTR pleas go to the moon
🧐🧐🧐🧐
Mods, ban the boomer!
Until they get called away hah
Imagine how much you would made if you played options today
Didnt SP500 get in 680?
How tf are you still in that shit ass stock 😭😭😭
Still waiting for those Chinese to get into fortnite
You're not rocking with GME ⁉️
Can't wait to scoop up more shares tomorrow
Yes I would be living like a king right now.
that was a great analogy
I guess I'm in good company with Adam Smith who wanted a near 100% estate tax.
yahoo app ok? DM
Idk bout y’all, but I’m printing today
Yeah video game blockbuster is a bad idea
Fam, they’ve been banging aapl calls for what seems like 2 weeks lmao
CNBC about to destroy this at 5pm.. alongside two credible firms (including Hedgeye) just releasing short reports with single digit PTs. Worth a shot at some lottos since this originally listed at around $9. Could see a base in the teens.
I didnt ask your opinion you piece of shit
If the moon is a drawing under a bridge. Sure
[deleted]
This guy gets it
I’m right here with ya
The whole point is they’re switching to e-commerce retard , get this 🏳️‍🌈🐻 meme outta here.GME to andromeda
Off at a bagholders anonymous meeting atm.  Nah...honestly holding 32c 5/21, down 40%, not worried.
power hour pump startin early
How is everyone getting an award?
Uber's here. Discuss below. Your turn.
I do
:(
[removed]
Nah bro you’re gonna have to circumnavigate the world
100 EOY... Will be a never seen before ramp up!
I posted it haha
Are you fuck boy who was spamming “TIM APPLE” yesterday? Eat shit
More like 90 lol
You realize most price moves have no fundamental reason right? The news media invents some reason so they have stuff to talk about, we try to rationalize the markets movements but really they are all just guesses (some more educated than others). The fact that they say it's not company specific news is refreshing, it's nice to have a break from the bullshit.


Source: Antifragile or Black Swan by Nassim Taleb
[deleted]
Nah i made a bunch this year
What makes you think anyone with a short position can’t exit their position right now for a loss
I’m just staring at TSLA chart. out of $$ all of which are rotting in CRM
Nio calls already itm yay
Short his barber's business
694.20
Google tontine structure - it's specific to Ackman spacs as he encourages long term investors and not just flippers
AAPL is driving the SPY bus today
This sub is my fav place in internet.  Anything goes here.   A place where you can be free
[deleted]
695.78
Nice! And a dencent spread of roles for a company listed with 2500 employees
I have similar calls...you holding them through?
Every time there's one of those half market days I wish they'd always be that way
[deleted]
I had it on my screen twice now 69420 missed the screenshot by a sliver of a second. Anyone get it?
I'm as optimistic as the next guy. But that's like another 15+% day tomorrow? Is tomorrow a short session?
Burry shitting his pants right now.
SLOWEST MARKET DAY EVER
Graham Stephan
It came from another sub of investors that is private. Not saying its not a P&D just pointing out it was first raised over there.
Tarded
CRM like that junkie friend who keeps promising they will change, but then every morning you find them passed out in the dumpster next to Denny’s
TSLA with the big dick energy today!
Glad to reinforce your confirmation bias 🚀🚀🚀
Who is buying TSLA? Institutional ownership hasn’t changed much
I’d still hit.
Gaysoft
I’ll research, but do you have some highlights you want to share?
Yolo’d your money into AAPL calls I see.
Also isn’t lockup ending right after earnings?
Only if TSLA goes parabolic. SPY is one TSLA pullback from dipping down to 370
I swear someone is fucking with me...almost daily there is a completely unrealistic low bid on my MT options that appears to cause them to drop 50%
[removed]
Does everybody take profits tomorrow since you can't trade on new years?
For all we know he is doing reverse psychology. Make u guys go all in and he goes all in. Then sells for a nice profit at peak and yall left hanging when the dip comes
[removed]
TSLA 705 EOD 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀💎💎💎💎💎💎💎
I hope HK stops fucking around and just pumps BABA back where it should be
ye timing the market is cancer
Gay is gay. You got bamboozled.
Anyone knows if I can travel to Spain from America?
File and take your $3K deduction
It’s always a v 🤦🏽‍♂️
Fuck every one of you who told me to hold GME

Edit: i havent checked this sub all week and just saw whats been going on. Diamond hands
Nah cuh Elon got him
[deleted]
Anyone sad that Cathy is already in her 60s?
he came into her like a day before and now you're eating her? that's gay.
Cool article. At the end of the day, it's just pure speculation. I'm always down to buy some OTM lottos but I never expect them to hit. I might buy a couple more contracts for the end of Jan expiry but probably won't spend over $100 total on this play.
Just wait till they announce a new railroad. Just kidding, its 2021 bro buy a real stonk
Ok, so you made like what $60?
My dad got married on 4/20/69
when it's up 10% in 3 days
I'm old enough to remember when the battle was if it would break $700 (presplit)
“Aphria shareholders will receive 0.8381 Tilray shares for each Aphria share they own, while Tilray shareholders will have no adjustments made to their holdings. Once the deal is completed, which is expected to occur in the second quarter of 2021, Aphria shareholders will own 62% of Tilray’s outstanding shares … Aphria will become a wholly-owned subsidiary of Tilray.”
I'm green as fuck on my GME short lol
Scalped a quick 1dte for on the TSLA pop. Anyone who buys weeklys on this thing has very large testicles.
its a war
Only had enough money for one. Went with PACB and very happy :)
Margins are going to be huge after this latest round of cost cutting.
that means some sht is cooking and you should get calls.
What's with the dead volume on GME?
About 134k
[removed]
Wait you got into GME before ATH and have a green position? Something is fishy about this
So is Microsoft gay or what
Still up $800 on the day thanks to Tesla. The FDA fucked me though lol. Oddly, they denied authorization of rlf100 for emergency use, so now I have to wait for their phase 3 clinical trial data at the end of the month before the next jump. Can’t say the name of the stock (cause it’s an otc penny stock), but it’s a certain small, Swiss biotech company that owns the patent. They tried rlf-100 on a bunch of critical, near death COVID patients. It brought 80% of them back from the grave. Really surprised it wasn’t granted emergency approval today, but that’s the FDA for ya
another true statement and a very good way to look at it
Anyone else in BILI?
Can’t wait for January man December liquidity so fucking shit, only a select few stocks moving.
Hahahhahaha
Just by calls bruh
Bull flag or something
Fuck I didn’t proof read my calculator. But also I’m at $19k atm so it’s triple what it was at the start
[deleted]
Once it expires worthless
Just don't go all in puts on weeklies that are OTM.  Play monthlies that are ITM or something.  I am personally gonna wait a bit cuz I NEVER time it right!
[deleted]
[removed]
What's the commodity position to get into by EOD?
Attaboy rkt, just 16 more days like this and I can dump your ass
Fintwit is so full of crap.. Yesterday they predicted and made fun of someone who bought TSLA 1000C for Jan 15 saying gamma squeeze won't happen since it's part of S&P now and WSB just blew their money. Those calls doubled since morning..
Ye and?
I must’ve missed it too Bc I’m down 4.5k on a call I bought two days ago. Stimulus is getting rolled out and it is down??? Makes no sense
I’m a simple man, when I hear WS call GME short, I buy puts
The market can remain autistic longer than you can remain solvent
[removed]
No in-between
We ride to the 🌙
How bold of you to bet against Elon, the future savior of Earth
Simple, never sell until your contracts are worth $0.01
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/StrictlyOSRS the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Sounds more relaxing tbh to hold and forget
Plus aren't more and more games distributed digitally now? Like why would anyone go to a physical store for something they can just download?
I think Tesla will break 700 today
5.5k on NKE 140 6/21 contracts, bless a dip
He was aiming for 696.9 but failed.
He's angry because he's bald
There is a HARD floor for DASH at 140
It’s gonna be a slow build up all the way to June I bet. I’m hope we hit atleast $40
/u/zjz
[removed]
imagine being vanguard right now.

wait, those TSLA shares are back to where we bought them for?

who the fuck is buying it at this level? we were forced to.
Tesla is literally retarded.
Grats you made it!
It's actually potential stimulus checks being converted into TSLA shares.
Feeling left out after selling my TSLA plays.
/u/zjz
Not yet, too much steam right now lol
they should really close the markets during the afternoon
Buy 1 share of everything that way you never have FOMO
Woah this guy can use the internet! Congrats
Same just abou, been looking most of the day but haven't been convinced on anything yet. There was talks about bbby earnings play, dkng; I paper handed and lost on gme a month ago so I'm not really interested in that.
/u/zjz
only 10 shares as i missed the boat and bought in late at 610$. but i also just bought ARKK and 10% of their portfolio is TSLA
[deleted]
Yea I’m all in on 12/31
baba, AAPL, or FSR a better baghold? Someone help DD my 10k
/u/zjz
Nice gains, my man, keep it up.
Puts on LMND?  Shit is up 10% for no reason.
Thx mate
680 12/31s for 2.82
I should have dropped 3k in baba on Monday FML I put it in BYND calls
Just sold a Jan 15 $26cc and I’m sweating it... plowed the $157 I made right back into PLTR. Am I doing this right?
Was there some news that I missed?
Dude that thang dropped like crazy
Its true, but think about the collective millions set on fire at wsb. People are so retarded that advice is probably worth the 1%. Literally.
who knew? *shrugs*
[deleted]
U still need to file it
[deleted]
Thoughts? Did you misspell thots?
/u/zjz
[removed]
Onlyfans
I think it's gonna keep drilling until the new year...
[removed]
/u/zjz
Jan
Yea, now whisper again, who’s your daddy
Buying zm calls as we speak
Let's get that 700 tesla
african elon got a bigger DICK THO
50+
Tesla puts here. Will print tomorrow
69
Fuck Apple. Fuck Tim Cook. Fuck the iphones. Fuck MacBooks. Fuck the whole company. Duck this market. Fuck the stimmy. Fuck the MM’s. F
Paper Hands 🥴
How the hell would anyone know. What a dumb question.
[deleted]
TSLA TO THE 🌙 DADDY MUSK GIVE IT TO ME BBY
Great long term hold.
So glad I got out of that trash 🤢🤢
🚀🚀🚀
/u/zjz
[removed]
No one cares about the senate obviously
Your broker is stupid
Tesla to moon wow amazing
[removed]
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
Today
eow is tomorrow...
/u/zjz
Posts like these keep my moral high. Ty for God's work brotha
[removed]
[deleted]
**NIO** 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
TSLA stimmy
Back to TSLA, huh? This sub is out of ideas.
How would you get secure, apple approved apps, without the app store?
Everyone who is not in Tesla right now got burned in the past. You too soon will learn
imagine shorting TSLA

Michael Burry in shambles
[deleted]
$39
None
705
im up 820% on the year.

if i can do 20% of that the next 10 years i can retire.
Tsla 750 or 650 tomorrow?
You’re a retard
Senate convenes at 3pm too 👀👀👀
You know I love watching TSLA move but am so annoyed it dictates other EV stocks. 🙄
assholes
APPL has to go up tomorrow... right ? 🥺
chinese elon is hotter than african elon, sorry it had to be said
Yes ask here for the latest news everyday.
98%.. APPLE owns the other 2%
holy shit every time I post this I get downvoted, thank you for having some sense.
[deleted]
Imagine, back in March all you had to do was allin TSLA shares, not even options, to retire in 2020

smh
Ford owns the rights to E. Which is why Tesla had to settle for 3. 

Since Ford also owns T and A they should spin off their electric wing into ticker symbol TEA.
/u/zjz this entire thread
Still refuelling...
Can someone pls buy like 10 million $ worth of WBA shares so I break even on my calls? Thanks 🙏
They don't respect it's meme power
Fuck. 

That is all
697 is what I need. So that.
I’m holding these 12/31 690 TSLA puts till expiry. I no longer give a fuck.
BABA acting so mysterious today
Its the second best part of this sub.
Guys, I just found out stonks still go up even if you aren't here shit posting. I took a nap and made $1,500.
Not probably
GRWG face ripper today
This is de way
Will do thanks
/u/zjz
Yes, exactly. It’s only management that would be able to sell. It sounds like the CEO is very dedicated to the company and I don’t see him selling unless the stock shoots up into the $75-100 range, if even then.

Psychologically there could be some fear of the lockup period getting close and maybe people selling in anticipation of a drop. A drop that might not even come.

The share float on this stock will be huge. I believe it’s a few billion, but I would need to double check.
I’m sure you’ll hit that 1000% depending on your expiry. 

I’m expecting $30-$32 atleast by Biden’s inauguration. Just need him to say some good stuff on green energy going forward and give even more positive sentiment. 

I don’t know when this will stop or slow down though which is what I’m nervous about. What are your thoughts?
If I’m down $10k this year but made 1k this month.. do I even have to worry about taxes or am I retarded?
RSI telling me no, BUT MY BODY IS TELLING ME YOLO
lmnd 135 calls for tomorrow...
You’re welcome for telling you
[deleted]
Need my LI and XPEV to start mooning again
So maybe adding Tesla to spy wasn't such a bad idea.
In need of a power hour pump
What brokerage do you use?
i dont know why y'all like that shitstain of a company
[Outline.com](https://Outline.com) 

Paste the link in there to bypass Paywalls. Doesn't work for every site though
#TSLA  🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Ban
Makes me happy cuz I got 11 dollar GE leaps (Jan 22)  that aren’t exciting but I figured it’s a company very likely to recover at least that much in the next year
U fukd
[deleted]
Fuk u whoever told me to get RDFN. PIECE OF SHIT
Tesla’s gonna close at 696.90
The cringe is real with that kid...
TSLA closing price taking bets now:
i don’t know what GME is but i just went all in because nobody disrespect wsb
Yes
If you make 100% a day, then paying 14% a year is nothing!
MUSK DADDY
53
Yeah I've been in since FVAC days. I added some yesterday and today.
What about calls on margin?
[deleted]
What do people think of JMIA round these parts
The bear lord speaks 🐻
What about bionano?
#where is michael (seller at 550, or down ~21% in 1 month) burried ? 🤡
Yes boiiii
I bought at $3 and sold at $6 and felt like a genius!
My account has been very stimulated can confirm
Theyre a step ahead of you creating the momentum so that you enter at an enticing enough time where they pull the rug
TSLA 1 or 0DTE calls/puts.

You’ll either be broke or very rich
you cant call me a boomer in the same sentence as you recommend holding something for ten years you big gay
times 1.75 million because apes together strong
700 OR BUST
They only think of their own interests smh
WSB charges zero for all your quality meme stocks

You just face the consequence 😂
You, hurt my feelings? Lol.... says the penny stock trading retard.
Hundred or so shares outta do it...buy the 🔪
HOW R U GUYS NOT IN TESLA RIGHT NOW 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
/u/zjz
My 200-400% gains were on the April 16/21 $22 and $24 calls. Bought a few months ago. 

Just holding the Jan 2022 with $28 strike now
nio monday price?
To Pluto 🚀🚀🚀🚀
I'd sell if your up that much
[deleted]
Press Conference NY Coumo at 3PM
Rare chance to Fuel up on Centrus Energy (Leu) now. Seeking Alphas number 1 top rated stock. Get ready for Nuclear Gains 2021 ☢️☢️☢️🚀🚀🚀
King of paper hands right here.
TSLA shook me out because the second I bought a call it went down 27% so I sold and of course it reversed back ten minutes later
My dumbass bought $AAPL 140c weeklies that are probably gonna expire worthless tomorrow
If only AMZN had retard strength like TSLA 😔
Come home, son.
TSLA mooning but SPY falling?  Isn’t TSLA like 90% of the SPY?
TSLA just passed ATH... again
None of you hold shit long term.so it dont matter
/u/zjz
Why Curaleaf? I'd like to invest in a weed stock but just starting to look into some.
BRING ME 700
Anyone else get ARCT yesterday ?
The kicker, MBA isn't a designation.
i'm out on TSLA. low key shit is wack.

700c back in for 4.1 to 4.5 x 4 out at 6.1 to 6.4 

still not ITM but it might as well be at this pace
regular day
Lmao
Calling papa musk right now
Task failed successfully
Id never thought I'd see the day where TSLA is the one stock holding up SPY
I'm trying to time my out in Boeing. I got in at a good time but I think it's past all the easy gains now and going to be a bit slower and more turbulent.

Airlines and oil are better IMO.
[removed]
Thoughts on C CIV warrants?
Looks like DASH could break 140 now
[removed]
GME duh
Fuck salesforce

Every position i have is green execpt this turd i sold half at a loss to buy SQ yesterday and even that's already up 6%
Looked through some political subs earlier to get the lay of the land of the opinions on stimulus. And man McConnell accomplished something incredible, he has managed to unite both sides of the spectrum for the first time in a while under a singular cause, hating his guts.
Where my PLTR TENDIES CREW
how much u got??
You’ve got a way with words
Welp tesla 1200c are back on the menu?
I mean, kind of. More shares to short, more fuel to the fire. It delays the inevitable, only creating a bigger squoze. I read Uber's post, don't worry.
/u/zjz
GME gang 🚀🚀🚀. So much tendies to come 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
[deleted]
Can someone explain to me, as if I had 9 extra chromosomes, the PSTH 9 shares into one thing? Do all SPACs do something like this? Where do you tards find that information?
What publications are actually worth paying for?  
Paywalls are driving me nuts, but I'm not trying to pay for 10 different subscriptions.   


Mostly for 6 month + holds, if it matters
With DASH any sell order under 140.10 is getting scooped up
I think we need more GME confirmation bias posts
It was sub 3$ most of the year.  It broke 18 today.

These calls have been printing bro
You shorted TSLA and GME. Enjoy the red bitch boy
Buy Tesla FDs
Do I have like a MM spy watching my trades so that they stop all momentum as soon as I enter a day trade?
Does anyone else check here to see how the meme stocks are doing rather than loin at the actual prices? No? Just me? Awesome
Wow John Malkovich trades?
I bought around the same time as you. Ive taken profits twice on shafes.

Bought cgeap werklies for 95c this week, were 9 cents each
Yes but mine are way further out
georgia all blue? RED WEEK
You sure about that pal?  What should I read to get me up to speed on the DD supporting your conclusion here?
I got banned for 24 hours for suggesting that people buy the Biotech Dip yesterday.

I was clearly out of hand...thank you for setting me straight mods...definitely a teaching moment.

Anyway...I went on a Cathie Woods Biotech Gift Basket shopping spree yesterday:

EDIT

TWST

PACB

NTSG

CRSP

IOVA

VCYT

Also bought the BABA dip the day before that.

The moral of the story? Buy the motherfucking dip. That and pray at the altar of the Goddess Cathie Wood.
take profit, but then i'm also a paperhanded bitch. sold mine for 50% profit just now
Like a true autist. I bought 16 Tesla spreads at 681 that expire tomorrow by mistake instead of 3 weeks out. Needless to say... I am up 110% percent on these calls lmao
[deleted]
MT when 🚀
I like your analysis
AAPL dip ☑️
“Triple”
SPY and TSLA always inversely proportional
TSLA is going to moon further this week. then they will sell next week so they dont owe taxes until 2022 and im sitting over here with 690 puts. I really hate money
Just need a few more sell orders at 140 on DASH
My stimulus check is $0.00 - totally cool with that too as long as aapl,tsla and gme keep going
AMZN reversing back up 🚀🚀🚀 get in loser
Tesla 750 eow?
PT?
Fingers crossed. FIT was nearly 50 over five years ago.
Everyone out of the office.
fuck the brokers that try to sell me ETFs and telling me that yoloing into TSLA would be a bad idea
Last time I bought Tesla at 510 it dropped to 330 should I buy again so you guys can buy when it dips to 550?
TSLA giving out stimulus checks early
Just spreading the word of god. Here to save some people money
I came here to say this
[deleted]
Alrighty these TSLA 0dte’s just doubled in 15 minutes
Do I liquidate my ARKG shares and roll em all into ARCT??  🤔
god: you can have TSLA 710 EOD tmw, or you can have your grandma back from heaven  
me: bro gam gam don't want to see me give me the tsla  
also me: buys TSLA 715 c
The rocket is beginning takeoff 🚀 JD 💪
Same here.. gonna sell it tomorrow so I can write off the losses against my gains :-(
BOOMER S&P FUNDS NOW OFICIALLY ITM ON TSLA
amd weeklies ain’t a bad idea
Metals have rallied a lot this year and SBSW is at 4 year high... based on it's stock value graph alone, that isn't the type of stock I ever really buy to be honest.
Ah... I’m not crazy about SPY leaps but to each their own.
$XLE ENERGY GOLDEN CROSS TODAY... BIDEN ENTERING OFFICE GET IN NOW! 1/29/21 43C!
[deleted]
That's a real lottery ticket lol

Bought a few 800c for same price.
694.20 is the actual top. Get out while you can
Lose too much?
When retards can't differentiate between meme and real accounts. WSB is actually retarded now.
I’m in but for March and June
Lol
HYFR
She Finna be $GME SPITROASTED
695 wall broken... dammm.
You’ve been spamming this shit, you nervous or something?
Im all in, it literally can’t go tiAaaaand it’s gone.
SPY with the slow bleed all day...
So TSLA -> $1250?
Lots of shares and I sold some puts too
Not a bad idea, I might try the same. I wish I had enough cash/margin for CSPs at $650
[deleted]
Nice man! I also did pretty well in it this morning!
She stopped making her juices at 50, shes like 102 years old at this point.
Why is nothing happening
[deleted]
Jesus fucking Christ. Just dump already.
I dont care aslong as stock go up
Nice! 🎉
Not next week, but soon...
🐻 BLNK
Take trendies bro .Did the same on BABA this morning on my weekly call 220c expired 12/31. Walked away with $5k and my happiness
I’m in TSLA $1025c 2/5/21
Never doubt the Musk
Elon said “what resistance?”
Someone bought big PUT expired on Jan 15. Thought??

[https://finance.yahoo.com/news/understanding-palantir-technologiess-unusual-options-150250563.html](https://finance.yahoo.com/news/understanding-palantir-technologiess-unusual-options-150250563.html)
I'm in there with you, with the government getting what the wanted out of the ant ipo them controlling the banking side I see the pressure on baba calming down
[removed]
End of next month
Thinking about getting back into WMT, anyone in?
No way. You saw the huge bump that came when Biden won there is a lot of hope an optimism stored in these stocks and the paper hands will dump if its not going to happen soon. I could be wrong but that's my take.
> I'm a professional investor. I eat WSB pieces of shit like you for breakfast.

Wait, you eat pieces of shit for breakfast?
TSLA really gonna hit that 700 huh
Cause it’s gonna 🚀in Jan
!RemindMe 1 day
This is the way
Yea, it won’t be a rocket but it’s the closest to revenue and real contracts in my mind
[deleted]
Calls or shares?
I ended up buying PLTR and GME yesterday as my first stocks ever thanks to this sub so 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Airlines always shoot up in the morning but then trend down throughout the day as Democrat governors hold their press conferences to issue more lockdown orders.
For a reason
[deleted]
Pay attention to the posts! Margin buys are working AGAINST you
NO YOURE USERNAME
dont even doubt it, $1,000 calls will print just buy
They cookin books again?
lmao financial advisor has to be the most twisted job. imagine charging people a 1% fee to tell them to buy the S&P 500. 😂😂😂
[deleted]
Yeah you are
HIS NAME IS GROGU
Its "expensive" in terms of valuation right now
* Start with a clickbait title and thumbnail of this week's meme stocks, include text like "huge, 10x, crash, best stock to buy now" - bonus points if your mouth is agape like a~~n idiot~~ massive nu male soy boy 

That's pretty much all you need. YT videos, esp daily bs, doesn't really have any real sustenance or value.
I wish I was retarded enough to follow the 12/31 694.20 joke back in June
Already do when I go up north lol
AH
It’s pending in my bank account. Hits on Monday
Same...
Me too lol, 

bought 10, $10 calls @ .14 a few weeks ago just before EU gave them the go ahead, waiting for Australia and GOOG to reach an agreement now
You're right. Achieved 

https://i.imgur.com/slRlVmT.jpg
I know I'm retarded, but why are there no options for tesla for 12/31 between $700 and $750 strike? $10 increments start after $750 and below $700. All bought out and no one writing any more?
Fuck it. I’m in
Posts on here are based off profits of the company. It literally says that..

Im amazed
I passed on them and FCEL because they don't really have anything, I can't believe they've shot up MORE than their competitors with actual products.
Fokin boomer buying gme before it was a meme
Try holding PLTR for the past month and a half
Which stock?
BAN. Retard and not the autist kind we like. Just an idiot.
Just went all in on TSLA $670p 01/15/2021
[deleted]
When tf is the next big dip? I need to do some buying
tsla bout to make me a 7 figga nibba
You must like losing money
[removed]
Puts are so expensive  though
Moderna is killing me
Brocolli is used for weed all the time.
I think regular hours but some ppl say until 2pm
More like stock split.
VIX lowering spy lowering and idk what to do
NEW ATH!!!
**You must be Medium Poor. Not Large Poor.**

Internal Gov Poor Charts are T-Shirt Sizes.
6/18 33c
BLNK going to the grave. DD on my profile
Means you been banned. Thats your prison tat.  You had 1 ban for  5 days.

Gonna get your lunch stolen by the hardened vets did multiple sentences of hard time.
new tsla leg here we goooo
Yeah, volume is increasing a little bit on that contract, probably because of this post. Unusual Options activity can become a self-fulfilling prophecy if this post were to get really popular. Happens on WSB all the time.
About fucking time.
That's what whales want you to think. 😊
[deleted]
Fuck offff XL go up already
Closed my Visa calls for 85% profit

The real V recovery
Only sell CCs at the price you are comfortable selling your shares at. For me, I've been selling against a 15% move within 3-4days. 800 shares, so this week $135 (for 8 contracts) to sell my shares at 30 by 12/31. That's $7000/year in income off 20k worth of shares, don't need to be too greedy. At some point news will hit and rip up 20% like before but you can't win them all. Just be mentally ok with selling your shares at that price before writing CCs.
TSLA poots
The next time you see a guy in a cowboy hat, call him an autist and tell me how it goes
No way, just means you need to buy more.
Retard
Any y’all gotten ur stims yet ???
👀
Bbby went down today and my calls gained value.
Isn't it amazing
Nice San
I bought more at the peak too. Very well
Is tomorrow half day?
This TSLA power is fucking insane.
Which ones
500k sales and 650B cap. Next year 750k and we are seeing trillion boys
Up on all of them actually
Sir Jack - what are your thoughts on the upcoming Jan.9th NIO Day?
Margin gives you x2 IQ.
SPY would be red today if not for Tesla lol.
Cheers to that
Wsb banner boy needs a cowboy hat first.
Anytime
NIO is officially breaking out.  50 tomorrow.
Was it the day, or the hype running up to it?
Anyone else on the QQQJ 1/15 34c train? I averaged down today like an idiot.
Wondering when fortune 500 companies will finally learn to stop putting their corporate reputations in the hands of daddy-subsidized unemployed journalism majors turned twitter clap-back queens
not all plastics are recyclable but from what I gather this tech can do the ones currently dumped in the ground.

google "waste2tricity" to find out about the actual process, they were the ones that developed it and got bought out
Oof.

That’s not good.

Still time to recover though.
Do you really see this shit moon ?
Dips on THCBBBBB
mitch the bitch is the cause of next week's crash. you heard it here first
Oh lord
Name checks out.
LOL how r ur puts doing today
good for you for taking a shower today
The power of fundamentals isn’t what it used to be now adays the market is ran by QE and WSB 🚀🚀
I have been getting fucked in the ass with no lube by CRM March $260 calls... doubling down.
Just have to hold till Jan 11 and it will get easier
Yall this dude is probably jacked to the tits in calls, what if he’s pulling the illusive double inverse wsb.
That's Retardo Montalban to you, pal.
It was funny when he turned the page and it showed the WSB post.  Well done.
Gwraaawr, indeed, my good man. Gwraaawr, indeed.
Gonna get pumped like crazy and the company will fail while gabe newell laughs in his gaming chair.
that's all i need thanks
 Its from marketwatch. I mimicked my actual trades. The only trade that wasnt proportionally mimicked was AirBnb which I couldn't buy.
Been holding stock since $58 there's only an upside to it.

Premiums on LEAPS aren't too crazy either. Certainly if it has a red day I'd be well in there, tempted today.
Market cap is fair for current revenues. Will need official Tesla deal to push stock higher.
If you own BLNK sell please
I already wear the boots daily, I’ll get my hat repaired
[deleted]
PSTH is being bought in big volume. I hope it's happening 💰😎
Retard
Holy shit son, you just raised my IQ by .5! I’m in!
GME volume is so low today lol wtf.
What is happening to $MSFT?
Feb
I already have SPX puts bought at 3745 up bigly, will roll lower EOD if it's confirmed
Im a fucking piece of shit
Moderna not going to be able to send out vaccines if the stock goes to 0 before the next delivery 😂
lol
Is nvda a thing of the past? Hasn’t been mentioned the last 2 months or something
Bummer! I bailed throughout the day and salvaged my account by moving into pton. May go back to FB but they sure are making it a hard decision.
Hold TSLA 12/31 680’s till exp or sell today? Up 150%
You still have hope in XL?
Welcome to the party NVDA, youre late
😂😂 just cut your losses alreadyy shortty
Yes
[deleted]
TSLA popping up 📈
mine is pending to deposit tommrow. First ones hit today.
Tesla is a neat stock. That thing won’t stop today.
TSLA 0dte 820c’s are cheap boys
Oh believe me I know it. But if I considered IV when I bought a contract, well .... I’d never buy any of them in today’s market
bad things happen when the platform freezes.
So much tendies to be made
So would my 50 Jan 15 calls!
Meanwhile over at JD
Atta boy
What I don't get is why two of these pop up at once?
Up 91% last NIO day 🚀🚀🚀
I can get behind this
Sell PMCCs until you get your premium back my man
[deleted]
Onedte
Alright boys it’s high time we all start wearing cowboy hats so we can easily identify ourselves in public
Imagine it’s your job to beat the S&P and now you’re looking at $TSLA about to break through the inclusion price.

These fund managers better buy now or be miserable all 2021
Why you spamming GME copypasta?  Puts?
Negative news means = SELL

This is called fundamentals
RCI Hospitality Holdings baby!  Bought it at $8 this year.  Now almost $40.  

Investing in strip clubs is the shiz.  Now the strip clubs are making it rain for me rather than the other way around. 

(o)$(o)  (o)$(o)  (o)$(o)  (o)$(o)  (o)$(o)  (o)$(o)  (o)$(o)  (o)$(o)  (o)$(o)
Russell didn't hear no fuckin dip
Shut the fuck up gimp
Its not working. please buy and sell again
What’s up with SPY? Getting ready for the HOUR OF POWER PUMP?!?! SPY 12/30 $372 ??
When do they come in?
im sure you kinda regret it... no?
Okay, but Aphria was rising before this news of merger broke, it's only gone down since. I got in on the morning of the 16th on Tilray and made 13%. APHA has only gone down since then. Today it's up 4%, if it lasts.

How can you make profit on something that has only gone down, with the exception of today, in spite of merger news where the split favors them? Gains are nonexistent so far but good luck.
We take off 1/19
Tesla has unlimited retard strength goddam. I'm excited to see this bubble pop
You were banned once
My first ever winning lotto today (tsla 12/31 700c, 5@ .71). Wiping out all me previous lotto losses 🙃🙃
Sell BLNK
I was gonna go in on Tsla 660 calls yesterday for like $800 each but I backed off.... GuHHhHHh
It's just leadership within the company right? so they may not want to sell if they have big plans for the company long term?
Whoa my nvda finally woke up 🥺
Great Plains accounting software?  Ass tier.  Netsuite or go home.
My $48 nio covered calls were the sacrifice y’all needed, ur welcome
Fuck this bitch. Probably holding puts and still losing like a bitch
[deleted]
$1200 on margin you say???fuck it im all in.
It’s big brain time
TSLA pls back to $420
thats about 10x less than what mitch said you couldn't have
Let's fuck him up
Damn a boomer excel sheet havent seen one of these since my grand grand dad died
Quick question, what does the number next to my name mean? Sorry, I'm retarded, I can't find the info
Damn xl fleet is really pissing me off.
We are truly blessed with retards here.
God speed. I thought I was late when I bought at 688.
AMD

Pamp it
yes! and since the bullrun in crapto is in full effect that means tendies for us 💪🏼
FCAU massive volume shrek dildo
Stonk art
Yeah, 2.5k rule was made in 2018. That's pre-covid pump.

Inflation should have moved that target to 5k at least
Oh look, rotation out of my portfolio....
oh mein gott
Hey does anyone know when PLTR’s lock up ends? I see online it’s when the 4th quarter is over. Is that the end of the year or is that on their 4th ER in like a month
So what is it then?
Bought a 145/135 debit put vertical for January, seemed like a good risk/reward to me
You trying to tell me we’re irrational when a stock is down -.5% after running +20% in two days?
I've had those trades too. Don't look at missed gains, it's not a real thing...
No. Just need to see rationale for upside.
Generally how it goes...
6 out of every dollar spent online is through Amazon and Walmart lost a billion dollars on e-commerce last year just trying to get a little bit of that pie...whereas Target saw growth of over 200% and 90% of their fulfillment was done by stores because of loyalty to the brand which made huge margins for them vs the shipping and distribution costs of Amazon.

Get out of your boomer retail mentality and look at projections over the next ten years.
Y’all don’t come here just to look at the 🌈🐻pictures?
It's a rebalance. Tesla will be in 200 or below next year this time
Bought some 1DTE 700c when it was trading at 685 for $2.4

Set a sell order @$5 while I take it shower

It filled.
[deleted]
Lol
Gme
Anybody trade SBSW as an undervalued metals play? Or am I just retarded?
Is it too much to ask for everything I purchase to go vertical as soon as I hit buy?
I hope you're right about this.
My stimulus check is for $213. Fuck me.
BA stop crashing :x
position?
Again you dumbasses are selling me MARA and RIOT shares for a cheap price. THANK YOU!
Why did I pick baba over tesla this morning? So foolish.
Whoever bought my MT  $23.5 calls exp tomorrow for .29 each and they're worth half that now, I'd like to thank you, you a real homie
[deleted]
Is it true Biden hinted that he’s removing the tax reduction for long term gains next year? Is that why this week is so red?
Haven’t gambled it yet if you don’t have it! But don’t worry, 🚀🚀🚀 as soon as it clears!
1000 is probably an understatement with tsla
Spent weeks building this quant algo for CRSR. Tell me what you guys think

`if red then buy`

`if green then sell`

Dont let the hedge funds find out
Lol I'm watching a piece on cnbc about twinkies. Didn't realize it's back to being publicy traded.
Dimensional's not a hedge fund, just mutual funds/wealth management
Sir, this is the unemployment line.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
BLNK going to the grave. DD on my profile
[deleted]
I assume thats his weakness, he will have an allergic reaction and melt like the wicked witch when Dorothy threw water on her.
It never does, but we've burned through a shit ton of their cash already.
Are they not affiliated with golden nugget casinos ? This is golden nugget online gaming ?
Trust the DD thats been laid upon thee. We will see our green dildos again and it'll all make sense. This market is outrageous, and the ability to manipulate the price artificially is too easy. No bad news, and we drop 10% how does that make sense? It doesn't. GME has a lot going for it. Holiday sales, e-commerce growth, the slow evolution of man staying indoors does not bode well for the psyche and will create a need for communication via online gaming experience. Its all coming together Brothers. 2021 WE RIDE STRONG, AND WE RIDE TOGETHER. NO 🧻🤚. ONLY 💎✊s AND 💎🍆s
Oof
deep in red but TSLA still going strong. will mos def increase my position in TSLA
Not true, for Xmas dinner we had a top level respiratory nurse with us whose main hospital is UCLA and another somewhere in LA. She said it's not at all like they say on the news. She said it was more like 50% or less.
[removed]
I really need to start learning to buy SPY calls and dump them the next day 🤦‍♂️ holding them gets me nowhere.
*chad chimptard noises*
Fuck your shares, boost mine instead
Oh, I forgot to add, you can either deposit for free through a bank transfer or pay 1.25.- flat fee per transaction for sofort which is instant deposit from your bank account. Withdrawals are free too, I think.
**DIS $200 Calls for March.**

Marking the anniversary of some of us buying Puts during the Great Battle For Mickeys House. 

We lost a lot of soldiers. 
Those that survived don’t really like to talk about it. 


#🐭🔪📈🧸⚰️
Fuck it a couple Tesla 750C expiring this week
More like a octuple top
Anyone own SBUX?
Word to my timbs, at this point I’m just downvoting all this bs. This meme is solid, spot on, bruh
He's not wrong about the image, it still doesn't mean that shorts can cover though. That's where he's mixed up.
Don’t fucking insult m- hey look PLTR shares
Read my DD. It’s the worst company I’ve ever looked at
Selling to rebalance into tesla
tesla 1000 during earnings run or what. basically month out
Lolol no way
TSLAAAAA TO MARSSSSS
XX-II not a pump DO NOT buy

Just look at what they do

If they can do the same thing with THC that they do with nicotine that would give them quite the business
What will Elon buy first when he becomes the richest person on earth? 

512gb iPhone probably.
GameStop is run by a bunch of incompetent idiots. They treat their business partners, employees and customers like shit. While the Console Wars have gamers divided, one thing they are united by mutual hated of GameStop.

If they want any chance of surviving in the 2020s, they are going to need to do more than just clearing out shelf space to sell Pop dolls. 
They need entirely new leadership, a massive restructuring, renewed focus on selling/trading online and a path to rebuild the burned bridges among their business partners and the gaming community at large to revive their brand.
NIO for NIO day
Deliveries generate the cash flow to fund everything else they're working on.

It's not that hard to understand, as long as you're not blinded by anger from missing out.
I see like 3 distinct big ol green dicks, not a 1.5% melt up lol
This is a gambling support group.  That strategy is far too rational for us.
I'm up 7$ today, and the only thing keeping me propped up is TSLA
Everyone bagholding RKT put it in the back of the closet where it will collect dust and be forgotten.
yessirrrr my 52 jan 22 calls would greatly appreciate that
username checks out
Read my DD. Their beyond trash
I can’t imagine you’ll hold till feb-March but what do you think about lockup? My worry is that a bunch of shares will get dumped and stock will go with it. Don’t want to wait a year to recover
He does look like a shriveled penis
If you're like me, and haven't looked up from your meme stocks all day, you may want to glance at the indices real quick.
[deleted]
It don’t go down
I am so sorry my man.  Feel free to share your story if you feel the urge to
[deleted]
“even aliens buy the stonk” now that’s a good one 🤣
I just went balls deep with you bud. Good play
Guys 1 share of BABA is $6,000 on the Ugandan markets, buy now!
So what’s the difference between a LEAP and a long term option?
I reckon it'll have a pretty good run at the start of Jan.
That red dildo looks like momentum
Imagine betting against Tesla
I love all of you retards
Can tsla hit 700 by day end? Debating if I should take profit for today
Play stupid games win stupid prizes
A fascist wouldn’t use lawyers in order to stay in power and a fascist party wouldn’t recognize the other party’s victory

Just claiming fascism doesn’t help anyone.

Btw: look up the whole quote about Trump’s comment on Charlotteville. You are getting played by manipulative journalists 

P.S. death cultists? Really? :D
HAHAHA ALL YOU FUCKING TESLA BEARS ARE TRULY FUCKING RETARDS.
What do you guys think of Plains GP long term?
Nice try satan. Miss me with that bullshit
Ohhh u mean my dad
big dick TSLA and NIO 😎
Personally if it were me I might pick up a cheap 12/31 put that’s not too far otm to hedge and then hold the call
PLTR & MT
but the way OTM weeklies have such small premiums.  I thought the point of selling covered calls was to collect on those, right?
I think everyone is rebalancing their ETFs and adding tsla. All others are being sold hence the bleed...
crsr probably
once pltr has a product that becomes synonymous with an industry, maybe
Wait. You supposed to sell before expiration? 🤯
BLNK bois never lose
NIO 50 eod??🚀🚀🚀🚀🇨🇳🇨🇳🇨🇳🇨🇳 ITS NOT EVEN POWER HOUR YET
Bought couple contracts. If the lotto hit it will be around 50k
I just bought 51 more shares to bring myself to an even 420 engage hard nipples
Rotation back Into meme going well today
[deleted]
TSLA has been a good ride today.

Who knows what SPY is doing though.
Actually thinkin about puts on NIO day tbh. Don’t have a good feeling about any “day” stocks usually decline in price during those, no?
Haha. True true!
Why not buy a lotto ticket for SPY if you’re thinking that may happen tomorrow
I support this statement with all of my heart
[deleted]
Tsla >>> crack.
Motherfkn same
Orite, thanks for the answer, I know I'll defo make money, just trying to figure out how much I'll be making haha
I think it’s primarily its ties to the government.
Feel like volume is going to be super low tomorrow and MM gonna dump it
Minor cool off before we break it bb
Either jump, into TSLA calls or SPY puts, but if you do the SPY option, ditch them when 3 comes around
You're conflating the volume of the same shares being traded multiple times with the tradable float. Look at the volume on the day of the MSFT news. More volume than shares out two days in a row. Doesn't mean shorts could cover. HINT: They didn't. At all. They can't.
750 eod
VLDR still having a quietly steady and respectable day. Not quite 30+% like last week but maybe this is for the best.
Robert it do go down
It's funny

I would have made more money holding shares than my option performance this yead
Might be the next great thing, but years away from actual revenue...
Hurt your feelings, did I?
It’s not that crazy...
I’m telling you that a retarded chimp is modern day super hero
I sold mine when it hit $220. Didn’t want to get greedy
I lost 20k by listening to this lol
[deleted]
TSLA has to break thru or it’s a double top.  I’m an expert because I just saw the Schwab commercial on CNBC explaining it.
Intel is reaping what they sowed
What was your last play? strike and date
I went with the SQ dip.
[deleted]
I’m not selling till 1000%, at 526% right now

Edit, what’s your price target?
BLNK is the only company I've ever seen Fidelity give a zero on for 'financial health'.
Praise
[deleted]
Cute, we're headed to 2 x $694.20 by end of Q1
Elon's back bb
Lol, I wish I had taken a picture of it but we passed it too fast
Shorts should just stop betting against the Musk, he is the protagonist of this reality.
i sometimes don’t understand my own thought process
Hey I kinda like them
That's not all time value it's high IV
TSLA is like black hole attracting every type of currency even aliens buy that stonk, PLTR is about to become the next black hole.
Checking in with 1100 shares with a $16 cost basis
People still don’t know that they shouldn’t buy calls on a WSB pump and dump meme stock. Wow 😂
its the 30th today bro
if you did you would have made some tendies
Do you have to do something special to claim the warrants? I bought shll/hylion and should have gotten warrants but then I kind of just forgot about them because it was such a small position. But now that you reminded me, I just checked and don't have anything that looks like a warrant.
Net returns from the ashes
Ban
🤞🤡 🎲🎲
Anytime someone posts a Schwab graph around here it is green and 6figs or more.
Fake SPY dump as usual
Buffet proved himself to be an all-but-obsolete dinosaur this year.  Anyone looking to him for investment guidance this year got fucked. 

Cathie Woods ftw!
500k sales and only 650B cap. Undervalued!!
AMD up 100% YTD

INTEL down 20% YTD

LOL just LOL
The only players that can ride it out are those with massive balance sheets, and even then their risk management is likely seeking ways to avoid this outcome.
QQQ big red candle ffs
Ah, it’s statistically probable that it was way more than 75 mil.. wake up retard
This is a wild mistake. Gamestop is dead dead. I could care less about investments or wsb, but you are fucking up by investing in gs.
You see that that’s an increase in your purchasing power and a change in your inflation expectations keynes works some times guys
PLTR’s Peter Thiel has been funding LAZR since the beginning, and now Tesla is testing Luminar’s Hydra Lidar sensors on its vehicles. Fully autonomous cars with affordable prices are commingggg.
This is your daily reminder to quit being a little bitch.
Just bought 400 more contracts..
Their platform is sexy. It's responsive and really intuitive. I've gotten addicted to their nice blue color. 
Support, don't know, never had an issue with them that required me to contact support. 
Overall, they're a solid broker, but they're very limited in many things as some others have pointed out (no margin, no options, short selling on a selected few stocks only). But honestly it's probably for the best.  

Be careful though, for a lot of things you need to take a test of aptitude which, while easy, should prove challenging if you can't read. 💖
I want CRSR to crash to $0 just to see your obnoxious ass lose the student loan you took out for this
Puts on hairline
help ive fallen and I cant get up
[removed]
wait until the lock in period is over. This shit is insanely over priced
we making tendies rn!!!
he can keep it if he starts paying taxes. in 2018 they paid $0 taxes on something like $2.1b
We did take profits before, and we’re not going to repeat our mistakes.
Maybe if you didn’t have paper hands
[deleted]
What's our outlook on QS? Thinking of selling some cash secured puts on margin lol
Yikes why market tanking now?
you are a good man
[deleted]
Mr Spy I don’t feel so good
Someone fix 🍏plz
Vix creeping 👀
There was actually a wall at 694.20 thats funny
Hope ICLN continues another leg up. Sold most of my calls for 2-400% profit and reloaded for Jan 2022 @ $28 strike
This is the way
[deleted]
BLNK going to the grave. DD on my profile
SPY that’s not so HVM of you
I can only afford 420.69 gains, apologies.
The CCP will bring out their dick again to remind Ma who his daddy is. They aren’t done yet.
Can you let us know your next play in advance thx
I'm autistic
show your puts
[removed]
Well that was fast - stimmy deposit already pending.  What the hell, I guess I can lose 600 more today.  Blame it on 2020.

&#x200B;

I take no responsibility at all.
I got some at $0.16 but the 700c move a lot better
This is the ONLY rare earth metal play in the US. The company failed as Moly Corp because they couldn’t refine the ore without shipping it overseas. Now they can do everything in the US.
Lmao exactly. “This’ll be a 10 bagger still! Buy these calls that only 3 other people own rn!!”
Smart play
Schwab commercials: "the better place for traders." 🤣 🤣 🤣. No.
1/08
Looks like the bulls are pushing.  Could be 50 tomorrow.
I have a better idea: Short other companies to get the cash to buy GME!!
[deleted]
3800 for me when I was in Guatemala 2 years ago. Just sold it all at 28.8.
Great way to end the year by bag holding AAPL😒
My calls are slowly bleeding.

Stop the count!
Just bought tsla calls boys let’s goooooo 🚀🚀🚀🚀
Selloff tomorrow, right?
You should make a linear trading plan and then follow those steps in reverse.
Do your own research and make your own decisions. That'll make you more money than any stock.
wow... AAPL back to good old limping days?
What a tease. TSLA just matched ATH but did not exceed it. I'm glued like a hawk
tesla share holders legit never sell
*chad chimptard gang*
whats a good entry for DASH, below $100?
[deleted]
100% agree the autists here have an attention span of about 1 second
Earnings report
I've been going crazy watching this...
Why would you pay taxes on a loss.
I think i’m underleveraged 🤔
Depends on expiration
You had me at 💎👐
PREACH
At least you’re not like that ranch guy
Will watch if you still got PP
Anyone holding TSLA? Holy shit TSLA to moon today! 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
BLNK going  to the grave. DD on my profile
God damn it, 695 didn’t break
Anyone have that level 3 retard strength? Still working with level 1
[removed]
Where’s the guy who said 750 lottos were cheap, where the fuck is that guy. 🍻
Now seems like a good time to buy AAPL calls ahead of the ER next month.
Woohoo I'm up 50% on 0dte tesla calls
Every fucking day this fade just fucking kill me
Get rekt bois, WS gonna short GME
Yes
that time when TSLA tries to carry the market but the market keeps fading anyway
No SNOW lock up period ending any day.
BEST YEAR FOR STOCK MARKET SINCE...
SPY will be green tomorrow
yeah if he was treating his employees like wmt maybe but hes very accommodating nobody should want hum to lose
Not really. It’s me, the target, my female friend and her boyfriend, and my other guy friends go doesn’t  care much about girls or he is a 🌈🐻, I don’t really know what he is into lol.
Last full trading day of the year boys 🎉🍻
so happy I got into bitchcoin at $5k
How does no-one take profits on Tesla? Lmfaooo
i doubled my position after the dip this morning. you either get rich and stay broke
No, not a lay person. I understand what a database is and how they work and I understand/work with federal programs. At face value it looks like they're doing nothing more than what teamcenter can already do with the right modules + custom tools. Imo their platform would only be cost effective if it works for anyone out of the box. Spoiler: it won't because companies all have their own unique stupid requirements.

Also, for what it's worth, I notice a lot of hype for pltr is about how entrenched in the govt they are. Let me be the first to tell you that the government pays out the ass for literally anything. Them working with pltr is not a selling point for the bull case of expanding heavily into the private sector.
Lol
TSLA $1000 ....version 2 lmao
*unlimited risk warning*
i think its in for a correction at this point, 10% would be nice
Went tsla puts.
Ba keeps punching me in the dick. I hate them but I keep buying calls
How is NIU not taken off like all other ev shit. It’s the only one that looks stable no matter what but everyone overlooks it like plug has 5x market cap and it’s a pile of shit and can’t even post a profit in 20 years
Stonks are flat on vaccine optimism!
A lot of those twitch hos got OF too
Haha u fucking gay bear
I'd I'm down -100 on the year, am I obligated to pay taxes?
It always happens. 

This is the way.
There ain't much to hold on to :(
Haha .  Yes.  I wish u the best
imagine thinking SPY was gonna close green today
[deleted]
its actually Dr. Dumbass BA, CFA, MBA thank you very much
Tsla the new gold
Keep drilling spy. Daddy likes
TSLA ATH again!
Thanks
Not fomo'ing into anything, if this shit ramps to end below weekly VA the odds are too high you'll see 3700 tomorrow. Not worth it with volume retuning Monday, would rather load up on calls on the last day
3rd test of $140 support! Triple bottom. Less than .36% of shares are profitable. It literally isn’t breaking around $140. Clear manipulation. Price target average is $165. They are the industry leaders with 51% market share.

Sound good right? Until you realize it’s DASH. The negative sentiment is overhyped though, making this underrated.
all the big tech money flowing to ELON CHAN
I only invest in TSLA down -4000$ to date but I know papa Elon will come through for me 🙏
AMD has treated me nicely today, but worried about swinging any tips retards? expiry 2 weeks out
[removed]
Fuck it, bought 5.5k 🐝's...could get cucked, but no way this doesn't go back to $20 before DA.  After DA, could double easily.
What CC’s should I sell on gme?
Damn Tesla doin stoopid sheet
GPS NTDOY JNJ NIO 🚀🚀🚀
TSLA gonna break ATH lesss gooooo
[removed]
i sold nio yesterday to buy sumo, sold sumo today to buy fubo 🤡
[deleted]
There is literally zero chance of any of my plays printing no matter what happens. If I had bought SPY calls back in March, we'd be still sitting at 220 if not below.

This shit market will never ever allow me to make money, it's absolutely against laws of physics.
Watch AMD tank back to 91 tomorrow morning cuz fuck everyone holding calls am I right?
Yup, I'm. Spending last of my money then
For IDaaS, don't forget about OKTA
Why are mods not doing anything? I thought the issue among mods is resolved ?
tim apple, no!
It's like I said from the get go, until you see retarded otm leaps, there are no real bears on PLTR- only actors pretending to be one on TV.
Cathie decided that for dinner tn we are having tendies
Someone didn’t follow the #1 rule of options. 


Never buy calls on a stock WSB pumped and dumped.
[deleted]
Bloomberg: Nancy Pillowsy blasting Mitch McConnell with her pussy juice
Game stop stock is so broken
No options means no faith.
ITS NOT EVEN POWER HOUR
TSLA 700C 12/31 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Perhaps the gentleman would be more comfortable at one of our lower limit tables?

r/smallstreetbets -->

(Read the posting guidelines before you go.)
I bought some TSLA FDs and I'm panic twerking rn
DASH at $140 is mega sketchy,
Only down 97% AT now! Thanks NIO!
Checkmate.
Fit and finish and design.  Feel more like a kitchen or lawn appliance than a car, despite the performance and tech.
[deleted]
AAPL big gay
Smart man!
People want Amazon to breakup because it's too big. Let the man have his business. People are weird.
doesn't matter! They go UPPP
Yep, make sure it's Jan 22
Reward for selling 40s doesnt outweigh the possibility this could triple if it is hulu stripe or bb
Next meme number is 9000
Show me on this doll where it touched you...
I was the same way.  If you find yourself "hoping" something will work before pushing the buy button, don't do it.

Forget your self, follow the money.  Like this gamestop stuff, I don't personally care about it at all but it was an obvious move
I wish I got that advice too. 

I’m super depressed. Have you gotten any tips on new hobbies?
SNOW or BA calls?
hold on to you dicks ladies and gents
Can you tell me why this guy is wrong i am too retarded to figure anything out for myself

https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kn6ntc/full_circle_autist/ghinc37/
It's just that my portfolio just got out of the pool
About time
here :(
Today is literally your last chance to ever get in on $AMZN below $3300.
Almost 7 figures... Acquired at $80 means the position is worth around $948,000 lol
I'm gonna inverse WSB on this one, just saying. 

1/15 $18c/19c call credit spreads

don't @ me
FUBO puts
if their job is to keep TSLA flat they are doing a terrible job at it...
Investors run for their lives as DIS down 1% after CEO sneezes during shareholder meeting
TSLA I can't even bro
Agreed I sold Bee now focus on xl and N GA
Alright pulled the trigger
Quit my job last week and got transgender surgery this week. I am ready to start my career as a twitch streamer.
[deleted]
power hour moves?
[deleted]
Repost
I mean, we have nearly 100% of shares shorted against outstanding shares, even more if we consider those that cant sell as freely. No way everyone gets out safely.

I'm just wondering if they can sit through the $100 and exit slowly again at $30 then rinse and repeat
!remindme 3 days
I wish hahaha
TSLA 700c coming in clutch
$AMD and $APPS 😍🥰
[removed]
I used to sell iron condors and the market used to swing WILDLY 1-2% every fucking day, losing me money. Now I started buying LEAPs to take advantage of volatility and the market has been flat for several weeks and I know for a fact that it will be flat until all my LEAPs expire out of money.
baba doing me dirty
TSLA prophecy

http://imgur.com/gallery/MH2xtJo
End of day PAHMMMP
2021 it'll bleed all year
[deleted]
Hold SQ calls till tmrw ?
damn wish I could see the fucking future
And to think a moment ago I felt bad for you and wanted to give you a hug and a PB&J sandwich with the crusts cut off. It's what my mommy gave me when I get upset.
You're dumb enough to fit in here that's for sure.
NET has arose from the red. HE CANT BE STOPPED
I have 1 Call expiring in 2022 @ $17 strike. I have popcorn ready
Roth buddy
[deleted]
Fractional. Shares(yes I know they don't know about it and it's their fault and not bezos)
QS please go to 0
Su Bae 😍😍😍😍😍
That second comment is hilarious 😂
No
Boomer company. 

If you’re adamant buy shares.
Must set all sell orders to 694.21 and all buy orders to 694.19. If we don't close out the year at $694.20 the universe will implode.
Blackberry is a software company now, not tech.
NIO and TSLA racing to infinity.
I’d cum.
[deleted]
AI resistance at 150.
Nice
[deleted]
[deleted]
TESLA 🗣🗣🗣LETS FUCKING GOOOO
Yeah I got 30k in gains to report this year 😂
Nice
Pretty low volume in general. I don't think you are
Anybody see a need for office space after the covid?
6969.69 next 🤑
Well I'd be rich so I won't argue with this lol
Leaps are solid on this.
Add "wait" to your strategy.
[deleted]
Seriously man.

Thank you panic sellers
the year isn’t over yet...we will moon and you will be sorry! PLTR 🚀
[deleted]
NET IM GONNA COOOM
If we had a kid in my school called Melvin he’d have gotten bullied endlessly, we cannot let Melvin Capital bully us. RISE UP GME GANG
Will moon when they release McPlant
[deleted]
What does 700 call mean
and ground humans is made from cat
You did this to yourself. Stop sulking
Send it! I missed it! Post it on the front page!!
[removed]
FSLY 🚀
NIO still suckin after I already came
why sell cars when you can sell an idea
$10?
I grabbed 10 80C’s for ~300 bucks. Fuck it
IV sucks doesn’t it ..
just hold bby well be flying again
Hows Burry's Tesla short going?

LMAO
TSLA earnings in a little over a month.  When does the run-up start?
Yep I had my dates wrong thanks for that. Any opinions? Been looking at other stocks to see what happens when lock up ends and seems there is likely to be a good drop. Just not sure if it’ll trade much lower or recover.
~ $46
[deleted]
[removed]
[deleted]
Take 1 minute out of your day and Google it.
Stock is up 340% in the last week.

It’s got tons of room to run!
TSLA 700 EOD😳
what did you buy?
Depends, assume they have, say 25M shares short, on a squeeze to $100/share that represents a $2.5B position. I think this is why we're hearing rumors of them/other big shorts in negotiations with private parties on the long side to reach some sort of agreement to buy shares over market price but prevent a catastrophic squeeze.
That’s the thing. Buy the Lambo for you because you like the car. People buying things so that someone else might feel you value is increased is backwards. That car doesn’t make you. Premiums are who you are. Get that juice 1¢ option and ride it all the way up. I’d rather have the returns. 

A person who thinks all the time has nothing to think about except thoughts. So, he loses touch with reality and lives in a world of illusions. By thoughts I mean specifically “chatter in the skull”... perpetual and compulsive repetition of words... of reckoning and calculating. 

I’m not saying thinking is bad. Like everything else, it’s useful in moderation. A good servant, but a bad master - and all so called civilized peoples have increasingly become crazy and self-destructive. Through excessive thinking, they have lost touch with reality. 

#Most of us would have rather money than tangible wealth... and a great occasion is somehow spoiled for us unless photographed... and to read about it the next day in the newspaper is oddly more fun for us than the original event.# *This is a disaster.*

To get in touch with reality there is an art of meditation... It is the art of temporarily silencing the mind... of stopping the “chatter in the skull”. Of course you can’t force your mind to be silent. That would be like trying to smooth ripples in water with a flat iron. Water become cool and clear only when left alone.
— Alan Watts
NET 80 eod???
All I can say is make sure you’re taking the screenshots/dick pics when it’s at 7
anyone buying the dip on ARCT? i have no idea what this company is but Im intrigued
Short this guy's sex life

DD: he looks like Ebony Maw
Depends which one you sell.

But your average price is $7.50.
GUH on taxes
Memes>indexing
CME just said volatility 

Pretty weird tho
Lol $WMT talkin' shit [https://www.esquire.com/news-politics/a35098547/walmart-josh-hawley-sore-loser/](https://www.esquire.com/news-politics/a35098547/walmart-josh-hawley-sore-loser/)
If you have to ask, yea
I picked the wrong week to sell covered calls on TSLA. Wtf is this melt up
XL and the 🐝, we need to break up
[deleted]
59 by Thursday afternoon bro. Believe
You sir are fucking reeeeeeee
Get on those Jan 15th calls. NIO day on the 9th
What do we think of Clovis?
Just bought FDs!

This is the 3rd test of $140... here we go up!
[removed]
Thoughts and prayers
TSLA puts is the play. Don’t @ me 😏
thank god
Big gay retard posting big gay retard words
Yes in other brokers you can FIFO or LIFO which is why people hate on RH. Some just don’t care though.
Way OTM weeklies til earnings, should be a run up with the company pumping for their employees. Set sails after institutions buy up the lockup expiration, that will be last chance to get on floor of this rocket.
I'm not poor anymore after the dip! Hey guys! I'm not poor anymore!!!
Earnings report
Sweetwater sells beer all along the east coast not entirely sure about the rest of the country. Not having to invest in starting supply chains is the advantage the acquisition brings on top of that they're merging with tilray which will make them the second largest mj company in the states. Apha and mj stocks definitely have their negatives but their could be some run-up here depending on the georgia run offs. Which is also where sweetwater is located.
Sold my entire position in NIO today! Broke nuts even. It's not 🌙🚀
Nice
[deleted]
I am not surviving currently, in @19, down about a grand on 200 shares
Somewhere in the high teens, I think it could easily shave 30% plus off the price. It might rebound from this very quickly but I’d be looking to wait to start a long position at least until it dips below $20. Meme power only last so long.
Straight to 4,269* dumbass bitch
I buy GME. It stops moving but I lose money. I buy apple and it just drops. I think I’m getting good at this
Sold Amyris at 6 this morning. It immediately mooned to 6.5

I belong here.
Can’t believe my BABA calls are at -16% after I bought them this morning, unbelievable
ELON “THE CHAD” MUSK

2020 Person of the Year IMO
Read this title as dp then didn’t read
[deleted]
He looks pretty juicy in those technical shirts and roller-skis.
Clearly, bc he’s about to get redistributed to a bunch of autists
All Hail ELON!
I  predict 3 bigly green dildos on SPY right before close to close green and up 0.50%
[deleted]
Kus ground beef is made from humans
Always has been, always will be
If you own BLNK check out my DD
Jon Najarian, autist wisperer
As much as I want to for the cheap price, the management is soo fuckin useless that I feel like there isn't an opportunity they couldn't ruin. Ill take another look at the 2023s though if they keep crashing.
Nice
The AI doesn’t just look at credit scores but your bank accounts spending history, schools and etc. 720 isn’t a high score at all and plus your spending habits probably aren’t ideal for what they are looking for 😏
I averaged down so I'm only -40% 😅 but made around 100k playing weedstocks
Having been a PC gamer for years and owning both a PS4 and Switch, I haven't stepped foot in a Gamestop since 2015.
"A little nonsense now and then is relished by the wisest men."
Or the MP DD happened to be the 1/100 junk DD’s that happened to pop
Let's ride this whore into 2021
They will keep it flat so that your calls get fucked
While you drive to McDonald I want you to remember how retarded you are
Been there
Sell naked calls
Not debating that, but perception is everything at the moment, and the numbers are good too. Don't fight the market.
[deleted]
NIO gang checking in!
I'm in shares for this play -- hard to say how long I'll have to hold.
Here take this (GME) 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
cant believe i didnt buy that dip
The Trump admin is literally letting people in his country die while he golfs. He calls Nazis unironically "very fine people". He stokes xenophobia and division any chance he can. He is a literal fascist by every metric. 

This isn't demonization, this is truth and fact. His base is radicalized fascist death cultists. The GOP are kowtowing to him and his fanatics and walking lock step. 106 of our representatives signed a paper admitting to treason by saying they wanted to overthrow the safest and most accurate election in history on baseless and fraudulent claims that the moron-in-chief has put into his ear by TV pundits. 

You're right, I won't take it from you because you're obviously uninformed or just plain stupid if you don't see this; the objective reality. It is, in fact, *you* who doesn't understand who or what Trump is.
Yes
nice
Mvis Long gang
[removed]
why does the market hate McDonalds so much
SNOWs retarded, they can't compete with AWS.
Nice
Read my DD
I didn’t even need to wait idiot
Everyone's gonna try and keep Tesla at 694.20 so this is basically the end of the line folks.
Grimes giving good head today
[removed]
I bought in at 27 so I won't be going anywhere. I have faith in karp. Best fish 🐟
Man I'm at 110% return on my 670's that I thought were dead this week... If it hits a new ATH I may hold overnight to expiry tomorrow.
Nice
So why do I have to wait a day for my $23 robinhood deposit when I put a grand in on Monday and I had $850 right away???
Damn son! I want to slap myself for selling my SQ weeklies yesterday! Left $28k on the table by selling them early 😞😞😞
I have 1/15 calls am i fuked
Remember Elon saying 420 was Nice
Can't believe AI actually had 4 down days. For the longest time it just kept on mooning.
Why a fucking range rover? Are you a gangsta rapper or 60 year old bald Englishman wearing tweed? If neither, pls stop
I really hope he enters a short position cause I always wondered what a penis in a suit looks like when it's been sodomized.
Stop lying and actually post facts dumbass.
It makes a good stock look like another meme when you cant quote accuracy.
What happened
With the way tesla performs we might see 680 again before seeing 720, and then 1080, straight to 4K
Damn just made 40% on NIO Jan 8 calls. Should I take profit just because this market has been gay as fuck for the past 2 weeks
Leaps on FIT still cheap for the GOOG acquisition
Say no more
yeeeah wmt has been trash for awhile now. glad america can see it first hand this time
GME is climbing green stair case to tendie town in the sky.

&#x200B;

Shameless shill.
[deleted]
I think you may have taken this bear bull thing a tad bit too far lmaoo
[removed]
TSLA hitting resistance at the last meme number of $694.20

Time to announce another split
I got it 😎
“I’m gonna chill take some time off of the market this week before New Years” meanwhile 20k deep in NIO calls 😂😂😂
SHOP’s invitation to the moon must have gotten lost in the mail
[deleted]
[deleted]
I see it as 2pm closing.
In less then 24 hours mitch McConnell became Voldemort
Nice https://photos.app.goo.gl/JSB2XGDAAyUK4U2Q8
Jump into ARCT before it's too late
The loss was only a few hundred, the real loss was not hanging on, it went to 3600 then split
~8-10
Shut up
Fuck mods
Are we in agreement that bears are officially fuk?
Some more good news. Baba planning 6-10’billion worth share buy backs.
XPEV will follow with NIO sympathy. Super cheap rn let’s fucking go supreme leader whinnie
Considering that they have all of your data, and know everything about you more intimately than your closest friend, probably very likely. Although if you're in a low income bracket they might let it slide.
Still watching. I’ll give you the time of collision when I see it
/r/WSB handing out 🚀🚀🚀s.

Elon Musk: "I come with my own 🚀🚀🚀s, thank you very much."
Price predictions for JMIA tomorrow?
who wouldve fucking thought
What i always do
BLNK is going to crash
January is usually one of the strongest months too.
Oh shit, are you a witch? AMD on CNBC.
Serious question. Where is this mf even gonna find GME shares to short? There’s like barely any left.
Vxx what u doin
That shit right there is one of the driving forces behind why I’m in GME gang tbh
The unbranded kind
Online betting is pretty fun, it’s what we do here
If you own BLNK please sell
You can buy partial shares tho
I'm still down 35% but at least I'm not down 50% like I was an hour ago  

# 😭
Does anyone even know what they do? 🤣
Their cars are not even that good, Germans have more comfortable alternatives
You truly belong here, congratulations
Sorry for your loss, you'll get them next time
Tesla the only thing keep spy green 🌝
This is how 4chan made trump the fucking president
After looking through SeekingAlpha article on MVIS I am tempted to open a long position. The article is as much rhetoric & subjective opinion as it is data.
oh yeah, look at the price action. I'm assuming MMs are gonna exhaust themselves soon holding the 140 level and it'll break down until the next base. I got May puts too
[deleted]
What a no brainer
How much longer is this game gonna be on easy mode
The new perfect price
Somehow you got that story ass backwards
I can’t even log into my bank account today, the economy is going to be so stimulated
I mean I didn't buy GME, but I am not out here writing a fucking thesis about it like a fruitloop
Wasn't last earning earlier this month? I must have missed that 85% rocket..
HL, those 6.5 FDs are still ripe, can’t believe I called that shit
Papa Elon pleas keep 🦋
https://www.thestreet.com/investing/apple-alphabet-strong-christmas-sales  - woohoo AAPL app sales
Seeing NIO go up is like touching my pp. EXPLODING! 🚀
Guess you weren't around for their recent earnings...

Also, that's not a DD
Wow BABA at $500 in kazakhstan market.
Bruh wtf would you add this gif in a sub full of retards, i literally watched it for 2 mins straight thinking the truck will hit the pole.
F yeah
Ban
as much as i can understand a bearish take on GME, they have $600m cash on hand and supposedly are working to reinvent the franchise to a more digital focus from what I hear. You can’t deny that it at least has a chance to moon if successful. Not to mention, with console sales being the way they are, they’re at least going to gather some profit in the short-term.
Yea take it. It's good enough
Not too long ago, a wise man taught wsb what jelqing is. He also said something about APPL.
Meh ERs and similar events have been such a letdown lately like TSLA's Battery Day.
Must feel absolutely amazing to sell TSLA CCs. I'm jelly
I’m hoping a GOP win is already priced in
$CRSR calls 🚀🚀🚀
Lol
Still have 6 Jan 2022 20C. Feels gay not buying fd’s but I’m up 200% so that’s cool
we holding TSLA overnight? anyway mitch and the politifucks can ruin it tonight? what do you suggest? asking for my 700 calls...
I need a chimpbagger asap
Just as they up their delivery numbers to half a mill cars, sure 🤡🤡🤡
Man, bears don't know 

what it's gonna be

Fuckin with a bull like me, 

S-to-the-P-to-the-X

Last I heard, y'all gay bears was havin sex, 

with the SAME sex

I show no love, 

to gay bear scrubs

Bank account emptied out, 

reloaded and throw more calls

How you gonna explain fuckin a man?

Even if we squashed the beef, I ain't touchin ya hand

I don't fuck with chumps

I don't fuck with gay bears that think they bulls

Only know how to be ONE WAY, that's the CHAD BULL
[deleted]
starting a virtual food drive for tesla bears. only ramen noodles accepted.
Theta needs to stop touching me at night 😔
2 days left. Interesting gamble here
693420
very true
fuck GOEV so hard
[deleted]
[As I was saying earlier today](https://old.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kn09ji/daily_discussion_thread_for_december_30_2020/ghiqmzy/)... LMAO
Definitely some type of manipulation going on,
[removed]
It’s obviously a parody account and a pic of Michael milken
NET is going to moon through power hour.  Bet.
[deleted]
I’m just here for the gold keep scrolling.
Or for a YOLO play, a triplex in Detroit.
Waiting for Tesla to dip was a mistake
EXPC is the one, they’re using a shitty ⚡️ 🚁 tag in the daily. It came from outta nowhere
Can you answer why Target always got the baddest bitches?
Try it and lmk
There seem to be a few misunderstandings here.

First of all, I'm *not* trading but holding most things long term. I said I'd like to sell at a 5% gain, but the fees are holding me back. I do jump ship sometimes if something turns out or looks to be a horrible long gamble. With lower fees, I'd hesitate less and would also be happier to invest smaller amounts in higher risk stocks without already losing 5% on the trade (buy and sell combined), just to see if they will go x2 like the tingle in my balls says (and put up a stop loss).

I started trading options recently, though I go back and forth on whether that was a good decision. For that, SQ seems to be adequate though.

But whether for trading or holding long term, lower transaction fees and no account fees still make degiro the better option, it seems to me. Unless their support or platform is terrible or something.
Premium users only
[deleted]
Tom Nash

Ziptrader

Paul Ngumah (if you're into TA, I'm surprised how often he's right with his calls)

Stock Moe got shit very quickly. Also kinda seems like a sellout douchebag. 20$ for that fucking patreon geez.
Before I go all in TSLA, what are we thinking? Bounce off 700 or rocket straight through?
I did, put your money in viable businesses. I'm looking out for you retards 😊🤷‍♂️
why did I not buy those 700c's when I said they looked good an hour ago.
Gamestonk!!! Rise like my cock 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
So... they said it lost its meme power.
Got the screenshot.  Automod already has it banned haha
I think Robinhood does first in, first out. So it'd be 10$
elon chan and additional run-up in the afternoon, name a better duo.
Every time you think it's a top with Tesla it's just a new bottom
Huge earnings announcement in February
Getting big
Out of options and invest in a etf
it's all algos programmed to dump everything over nothing
wait for it to go down then sell.
Burry aka sMaRt tsla short r fuk.
A duplex in Columbus OH
You know 500k delivery is nothing and does not justify 7x increase in price right? Do your own mathematics
Talking about shit you know nothing about
The rocket awaits your return
Bout to drop 15%
not if you lose and dont get washed
Cup and handullll roku
I saw the 694.20 what a day
*checks out the 2018 charts*

Oh my.
Fuck yea
It hasn’t not worked for 9 months.
I'm so fucking surprised at the IV on these TSLA calls, y'all should be taking home 15 baggers on the 700C but instead only taking 6 or 7 baggers
It’s a parody account dumbass
Lmao
Sorry for your loss but I’m not fucking selling, if fucking Nikola is green there is absolutely no fing way this shouldn’t be with much stronger fundamentals.
Whoever's wasting money on gold could have bought share instead
GameStop!!!!!!
i did too and sold at 40% :/ my fomo is extremely high rn
I would like to see a 80% correction on Tesla
AMD is up and I haven’t seen it mentioned once.

Everyday we stray further from gods light
I have chips of 2 kinds, cpu and potato.

AMD and UTZ
Aayyeeeee got the 694.20 mark
Er?
The Jan 1/15 75c’s are legit lotto tickets. If you put 1k in it would be 100k if they buyout for $81.
Lol
Got Tsla 690/670 put spreads for next week. Pull back to 680 pls
[deleted]
Absolute garbage post. Ban this cuck
[deleted]
Brokerage sends your earnings to the IRS. Wouldn’t recommend fucking with the IRS.
MMEDF for shrooms?
Who says it’s THE stock to own for 2021? The guy who drives your short bus?
why? people shorting the shit out of the koin?
Why are we fading bois? I don’t feel so good... 😔🔫
Nio mooning, looks like LI is following suit lol
[deleted]
In a way, 20$ (or 19 now) for a share of Cohen is not a bad deal. Even if he just had a new startup, having to build it from the ground up, the market cap would already be above $1b imo. Hell nikola had $15b
https://twitter.com/hawleymo/status/1344355788303855617?s=21
Tuscan had to die for NIO to take off, it seems
Is it possible that Melvin tides out short squeezes and exit slowly at a more controlled loss?
I’ve got 25K to spend, plus maybe 70K if my covered call on TSLA gets assigned. What do I get ?
why is everybody talking about a big sell off in January? It's only going to be a shift in stocks.. cocksuckers
Days not done buddy
Good luck
Sounds like an orgy.  Have fun.
If I buy a share at $5, then another at $10, then sell one, is my trade price still $5?
Got an alert from Atom finance that said FSR, which I sold this morning, was up 72%...I almost fucking shit myself 🤣
[deleted]
My calls still red. They long dated 🥲
Digital Turbine is an actual god.
Heck yeah dude! Best of luck bud. I keep checking prices and then chickening out. I might pull the trigger soon. I’m also new to this. I was also looking at the $18 strike for June. I’ll keep you posted!
DASH under $140 is a water fall
I’d love to sell you some $15 puts. Should be free money right?
TSLA 2025 bag holders say aye
BILL SPACMAN LMAO
Bought a 12/31 tsla 700c for $90. It's 500+ now and I wish I yolod 2k into it lmao
[deleted]
Thanks, John.
ARCT LETS GOOOO
Fuck off this isn't FIRE and we are autists not wannabe ascetic monks.

Don't listen to this retard, buy Lambos
Honestly, that does, but also I am sorry for your loss
Who shorted that man's hair?
PLTR and AMD boners :)
Buy puts*?
Run it up
I imagine he bought 100k worth of options that expired worthless. The balls on that dude
Don’t
What are you doing step GME
Cash gang is the most bearish I'll go. Clown market is going to clown.
Oh my..
50
I very fucking strongly disagree with the latter of his requests
[deleted]
Just saw the drake rocket emoji meme.

No rocket emojis? 

Hard pass.
don't do it unless its on FUBO
Good sheep
TSLA first trillion-dollar car company by April
😁 same
Who is this guy? He has 800 followers...
They moon with crapto
🚀
Total TSLA Toro here my man 🐂

Maybe you should try making money for a change and invest in successful businesses for once 🥃
bag holder from 2018. she's still the same bitch?
There was a time DD was backed by long or short position in the stock.
The leverage on GH-IV is insanely cheap - I just can't help myself 🐷
Not that deep lol this was more of a joke. Just underwhelming imo. Kinda ugly, drives poorly according to reviews
Jesus haven't checked the market at all today and my tsla June call is mooning
i mean apple ER is 1/26 guys... if you arent buying now, you must hate money. the run up on apple is gonna be stupid high
Ever notice the wife is always the one getting fucked? Almost like it’s rigged against husbands 🤔 
No thank you
Not telling you
I’m down %78 didn’t yolo my life savings. But over all I think it is a good company. The chart speaks to me, so if I’m at bottom anyways hopefully there is a price movement up. We shall see. No stock manipulation here just honest chart reading.
Get on that OT grind. Fuck them for lending your 240 shares and not letting you see a dime.
I diversify...space phones, mushrooms, yoga pants, and semi conductors
Probably 30ish EOY 2021. If they let Cohen take over maybe 50ish by 2023
[deleted]
Yes, he got second in that national math championship. 

*is looking for who got first to this day*
[C3.AI](https://C3.AI) mooning, EV mooning, LETS MAKE SOME MONEY
I’m about to FOMO and buy the top on Tesla just can’t help myself
Diamond hands baby it’s hitting 700 today!
ARCT starting its rebound
How does that work if I didn’t take any money off the account
Your post has been removed because a single link is insufficient DD. Please review the following links before resubmitting.

Please note that abusing DD flair can lead to getting banned.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

[How to conduct DD](https://www.wallstreetoasis.com/forums/on-the-job-with-simple-as-my-research-process)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
SPAK 38 C AUG 20 21

Too many individual spacs for lazy fuck like me to keep track of. More money in spac ipos in 2020 than regular ones. Betting that the guys at defiance won’t anticipate autistic crowd buying. OI starting to pop  but you guys will prob get a better price later
You’re in gay gang
Gains are gainz, sold my long VRM calls today for a couple hundred cause I don't feel they're going to moon like I initially thought
Note to self: Buy every square dip.
Ok GME lets gooooooo
I only buy the peaks. But fedex should make a run at some point. Its had the worst weeks of all my stonks, she should be ready to run.
AKA, it was just a regular tow truck driving without anything in tow
take that shit and run. 340% doesn't happen too often
Damn you ebay, you were doing so well...
I hope so!
Unironically if Bezos wants AMZN to be a 2T company he just needs to do a 10-1 stock split. So many retail traders are on the sidelines because it’s fucking expensive
TSLA!
chewing some cinnamon gum, I took a screenshot of that bitch. Thanks!
Cruise stocks only fucked you if you where baghilding before corona. Jumped in CCL at around $10 and bailed at around $20 a month later
$11/
Should be as long as people aren’t shorting it
Unusual volume on TSLA 700 call
Holly Mama! RIOT and MARA are 🔥
Lol it's becoming a meme now. 2020 is insane. Even boomer stocks drop because a PR person said something that rankled some people.
Don't get it. So buy more GME or what?
HE CANT EVEN SPEAKU ENGRISH
XL bag holders where y’all at!
DON'T BE DUMB.

OR AT LEAST SELL ENOUGH TO COVER.
[removed]
Like this guy

https://www.foxnews.com/media/jeffrey-toobin-masturbation-scandal-cnn-silent-hiring-witness
RemindMe! 2 weeks
If you have suspicions about a ticker either raise a ruckus whenever it comes up or ping us in modmail, we're happy to run these fuckers down.
📈📈stonks go up and this fuckers wife goes DOWN 🥺🥺🥺😭
Another AAPL dip for you guys..it is the gift that keeps giving
who was that guy who called tsla 678 to 715
Happy wife happy life amirite fellas
[deleted]
69420
Plot twist: He's using WSB as his own personal stonk bumpers
regret rolling my 700 1/8 to 1/29 now ... but we making tendies nonetheless. tesla gang lets go
100 by end of Feb if NIO day is out of this world good.
I live in the east coast and Sweetwater is very popular here. It's a good beer. You don't like it, but others do. And the branding is on point
I'm a capitalist who believes in wealth redistribution. 

I'm not a socialist in that I don't want extreme levels of government ownership of the economy, because that tends to be fragile compared to a free market that is anti fragile.
[deleted]
I’m retarded i sell naked calls
Can't wait for APHA to give up its 4% gain tomorrow.
Only if you believe
[deleted]
What’s a realistic long term price on GameStop
Whats with the HARD 140 floor on DASH? Does some one just have a standing buy order for millions of shares at 140? It just can't drop below 140
dude, you write all this shit, and don't post any puts or say you are shorting... soooo you are just a dick?
Don't look now boys, GME is green
$OBV
NET 85 EOY
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/IFoundTheWay the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
You ever kick yourself for not buying options? 

Imagine if you had placed a proper bet, on something that trades in an exchange, on wall Street...  Then you could find a subreddit of like minded individuals and share it with them!

That would cool.

r/investing -->
MY TSLA FD’S ARE 340% SHOULD I DIAMOND HAND
Finally Lisa Su put away her leather straps. I almost had to say my safe word yesterday.
https://m.imdb.com/title/tt2222259/?ref_=fn_al_tt_0 they already made a TV about us.
Same haha
I understand that the American left dislikes Trump but the demonization of him, his base and US conservatism in general is just ridiculous

You probably won’t take it from a random stranger on the internet that buys FDs on BABA but actually understanding one’s political opponent is worth a shot for the sake of your country
Does market open tomorrow?
[removed]
🎵Now that she's back in the atmosphere with cocks of Jupiter in her hair🎵
shits so fucking wack the stock is also drilling now too
Taxes are for chumps. If you don’t get caught avoiding you don’t have to pay
Twitter intern gone rogue. Love it
Any GOEV survivors?
Should have put it all in GME
GME trading in a 19-20 exact range today 🤨 hope y’all don’t have weekly calls...looks like it’s getting pinned right around there
CNBC: Humans v. quants


This is my quant, notice anything different about him?
Did you not see the 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀s?
Well, in that case, C L N E
I never do so inverse accordingly
GME GANG GANG 💎💎
Get out of 313p qqq ???
But wouldnmt that imply that you’d have at least 100 shares of dash? 😅
Great Dane on the beat?
Wow I need to see this lol, how many subs did they have at peak?
Video is just a bunch of images.
I forgot how TSLA used to run in the old days... this is how it felt..   
I think fund managers are mimicking S&P and acquiring TSLA
LOL son of a bitch ya got me.
AMD popping off after tax writeoffs lol
[removed]
Just when they catch you.
Tempted to be a gay bear & buy puts, but that never goes well
You tell him!!!
Today is my first green day in a month. 😂
got it!
Hear me out: 6969
No idea what that means so sure
I don't know guys. This twitter account is a CFA, MBA, FMVA, FRM, and a Jr. too! If there's one group you don't inverse its the Jr.s.
I already called it get in line.
TSLA to 700 followed by an immediate dump to 665 please and thank you.
How does that work? I never understood this. If a company is heavily shorted, couldnt they just recall shares for a vote to deal with it?
This makes me feel better about my Febs
me neither
Lmao bro this is gold!!!!!
Found the 🐻
Haven't researched this but I bet their margins suck ass compared to their competing vehicles.  Ford taking a hit to buy into the table
🚀🚀🚀 of course!
I like how you have a bunch of magenta lines and then just divide the ATH by 50% and using that.
Probably not until some volume comes in. Only one third of average volume today.
I know yet I can’t seem to get off the thread, I hate every second of it
We're not bots...it's an insurrection...or is it called an incursion?  Fuck if I know.

⚡🚁⚡🚁
Not with this low of volume
Talk about it
Isn’t he late?
It's been over a month since I've seen gains. At this point red is all I know.
I’m about to sell covered calls. Once I buy any shares that is...
Where were you when TSLA hit $694.20?   
I was napping while WFH.
Only if you have gains, so no
Oh God I hope not. that's max pain right there. .
he parts away with money the same way his hair parts in the middle
Just sell the 40’s. Win win. I wouldn’t mind selling at 40
i honestly didn’t think TSLA would see 695 again in 2020
$694.20 incoming. I can feel it in my bawls
[deleted]
[This](https://www.researchgate.net/publication/333269667_Informed_Options_Trading_Prior_to_Takeover_Announcements_Insider_Trading) is an interesting read going with this theme of someone knowing something and buying options. 

“About 25% of all takeovers have positive abnormal volumes, which are greater for short-dated, out-of-the-money calls, consistent with bullish directional trading before the announcement. Over half of this abnormal activity is unlikely due to speculation, news and rumors, trading by corporate insiders, leakage in the stock market, deal predictability, or beneficial ownership filings by activist investors.” 

If someone could see options volume on a graph it would be helpful to see if it’s ramping up.
I had 235 shares @ $425 Presplit. I sold for a loss.
Are we hitting 700 today TSLA!? 🚀🚀🚀
Has buying the dip ever not worked?
buying after a stock is already running up
average IQ here must be 95 at best
suck my cock
Lol - isn’t telsa more than a car company such that its valuation includes the potential for like 4-5 other businesses? NIO doesn’t have that. If anything, NIO is the one that is overvalued as “just an EV play.”
[removed]
Elon showing off his massive green cock
It’s all a fucking game dude. Folks like you and I are just living in it. We trade fucking derivatives because we’re too god damn poor to exchange enough whole shares of stock to make it worth it
No joke I just saw a NKLA truck getting towed on the highway in the middle of Indiana
[deleted]
I don’t get it. Stummy rolls out. More money in rotation. More money means inflation. Inflations means stonks go up. Apple say go down. Ok
This is not a FD play, this is a once in a 5-10yr quality company IPO long term play. PLTR gets most of their revenue in the expand phase with existing customers and will build new products in the future, this is why shares/LEAPs are the way to go. This market is just getting started, the TAM will grow. How much and when exactly, no one knows that's why you take risks.
Bulls driving in their fully loaded blacked out model s

Bears driving their dads 1995 rusted out ford f250
Nio day hype has begun. Predicting Up 30% by Jan 11
Might as well.  Gme
Shartcoin futures suspended
My RH balance is 0. Jokes on him again.
thanks
Will die at 695
Set a 25% trails top and it triggered.  Was gonna buy right back, but wasn't sure.   It restarted its climb right after.   I had 110c for jan expiry.
I got kinda lucky and bought $2500 worth of $90c expiring Jan 8th when the stock was at like $89.50 which was basically the bottom.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Ahh fuck I misread that as "I watch" instead of "I want"
Roku go have fun w everyone else
Here to drink delicious retard tears when GME drops to less than $15 soon, it's going to be glorious 😂

I mean, a brick and mortar game business in an age of increasing digitalization, commercial real estate collapsing, and Amazon dominance...

What exactly is the path to profitability here? 🤔 

You need a sound business generating value, something of worth other than sweaty neckbeards gathering in a local mini mart, to instill consumer confidence and growth. 

GME is a dying brand, the latest in a long line of dying brands like Sears, Kmart or Circuit City.

My advise to all the GayMEers out there: Take your money and RUN...

You'll thank me later.
Bruh you’ll be fine if they’re shares just hold on. PLTR is gonna have a Tesla like story once they really hit their stride.
you will make money
Go to Home Depot and pay a day laborer an hour's wage to properly fuck your wife.
Lol walmart getting cancelled on twitter because their twitter dude forgot to switch accounts.
S and X look fine outside, but the interior is very dated and 2013 looking.
[deleted]
Also if I get a gold, I'm gonna double my share tomorrow. Cant trigger PDT.
Selling DASH calls is like stealing money from retards, it’s reinvigorating
Tesla 700 EOD
End of year rebalancing into meme stocks
Can I change my horn sound to clips from Pornhub?
GME is truth. Broom broom
Just seen amc is about to declare bankruptcy
another good day tomorrow?
Pussy handed 15/20 TSLA 700Cs to sell at cost but made 100% on the other 5... 1k gain couldn’t been 5k but profit is profit and I’m trying to relearn how to take your gains
Bro this Santa is weird asfuck
@ 11:25 today

I hope we both make it though 🚀
ROPE
[deleted]
Check the rules before posting. Mods love banning people. I've been banned twice and let me tell you I wanna talk shit about stocks and lord knows I don't wanna be banned.
Are we still investing in electric helicopters or was that just a 10 minute hype
After I check my daily earnings I also do a search for GME and cackle in paper hands.
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/callMeAnup the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Yeah. On one hand melvin capital, and i assume the redt of the shorts, have insane funding to do this shit.

It could go to 50$ hell it vould go to 500$ and still shorts could be kept open until the dust settles.

The question is whether or not they want to keep losing the opportunity cost to invest it literally anywhere else and make money
I love this shit. Thank you WSB. You made me feel like less of a loser
People taking gains because they want to pay Uncle Sam?
Incoming merger with GME and Doinket. TO THE MOOOON 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Is that January 8th? Ufff too soon I think. But happy if it happens
So it goes
the VIX is steady creepin'.........__________________________
And we don't want no problems,
OK you're a boom whats a boom to a stalin?
Yeah big Cramer on the beat
I fuck around and leave a boomer gains on the street ooh
Now pop that VIX(en), I bring it to the New Year and pop that VIX(en)
Uh huh and we gon use our noggin' buying VIX(en) calls so big ballin' is my hobby
What if tsla broke 695
It seems Tesla is the reason for that 0.098% green on SPY.
Holy shit. The volume is finally picking up. Fucking boring ass day.
Ya.... Not looking good. Luckily they have TSLA now but if TSLA starts to pull back, be ready for a red SPY day
yeetcoin pumping hard
Ah, thank you then, sorry about that :/
Damn. Shoulda said fuzzy clitoris in a suit.
Bought 300 more GME shares to add to the fire hour
 [/u/MarcusVentures](https://www.reddit.com/u/MarcusVentures)  TSLA 694! Lets GOOO!!!
spy, why hath thou forsaken me
BA 265 3/15
SELL BLNK
GME TEST FLIGHT SUCCESS!!! FLYING AGAIN
u/zjz couldn't stay away huh?
You still holding amigo?
My wife got her stimmy check today. Hope she buys something nice for her bf. Hes a great guy.
Sanitation Theatre
It's a bullshit move.  Reminds me of 1990s Apple
Apple you piece of fuck!!! 🖕🏽
Because even people that do "TA" don't actually believe it. They just keep drawing lines until it hits once and ignore the hundreds of setups they already "saw".
good DD?

What in the fuck are you even talking about?
So you’re saying I bought RIOT at the top? Shocking
Don’t worry I plan to unload before or after Feb ER off a run. Not the kind of retard to hold until the month of expiration
congrats brokie
Do a straddle
Tom cook is an idiot and he looks up to t Milton
🚨 ELON MUSK TAKES NO PRISONERS 🚨
He has much, much better things to do with his time
NIO is mooning 🚀
[deleted]
But would you rather ride to work in a goofy can or an electric helicopter?
Deliveries generate the cash flow to fund everything else they're working on.

It's not that hard to understand, as long as you're not blinded by anger from missing out.
Been here for 6 years and remember the great DDs. Some helped me pay my way through college. There’s still some good ones, but they’re usually buried now.
Hope everyone knows the implications of suggesting tickers in this sub. One solid mention and a retard like me is jumping  in.
So... I’ve been buying the dips on PLTR for weeks now. What now?
TSLA is going to hit $700 today, and I have no idea why.  But it's awesome.
Surely GME surges to $25 before EOW to save my -95% calls expiring 12/31?
If they dump all their fords, and got Teslas, it's gonna moon to 1000 by end of next month.
are you supposed to pay taxes on stocks or something
Fuck this botox brain
Sllllloooooowwwwwww bbbbllllleeeeeeeeeeeeeedddddddd
Squeeze deez nuts. Printing tomorrow
Holding on to some TSLA shares bought at 818 pre split, tell me I did well 🥰🥰🥰
Hope people listened to my WKHS call
It will within 12 months
Lmaoo word
It works until it doesn’t and you get your asshole blown out
Well, you win some, you lose everything
Damn gamestop actually offering good prices to trade in a switch. $175, not sure if that's bullish or not.
A ton of calls bought at the ask is much more bullish than a ton of calls bought at the bid, right?
[deleted]
Thanks, I millennial, I only read emoji
Exclusive in car entertainment
SQ 🚀🚀🚀 NET 🚀🚀🚀
she fine af
Look at my boy ARCT recovering.
GME POWER HOUR
[deleted]
Walmart has been down for like a month though.
ACAB is a sure thing
Somehow my grandparents boomer WiFi is enough to trade on
[removed]
I'm here for the next TSLA split.
This fucking loser is like the husband that invites over his wife’s boyfriend to bend her over and then says “I never imagined she could reach orgasm 2x in one session” as he unzips.
All in TSLA 

Tesla Hacker: Hints Of Model S, X Refresh, Semi Hardware In Code

12/30/20, 8:19 PM
December 30, 2020 02:19 PM ET (BZ Newswire) -- Tech

Tesla Inc's (NASDAQ:TSLA) vehicles are always improving. The company does not typically wait for a new model year to add updates to cars like traditional manufacturers.

Even after they're sold, the cars are constantly improving with over-the-air software updates that add new capabilities and better efficiencies.

It appears Tesla is hard at work on some new hardware for the Tesla Semi and the Model S and X, which could point to a refresh occurring soon. 

Known Tesla hacker Green digs into the code on his Tesla vehicle and often finds new information.

Now he has found some code pointing to new Full Self Driving hardware for the Tesla Semi.
NIO is just going back up where it was supposed to be before it got targeted by market manipulators and short sellers. I won’t be impressed until it breaks ATH and goes to 60s. For now all it’s doing is recovering not “mooning”
It's a self fulfilling prophecy.  I'm like, go ahead buy CRSP and get decimated when the pharma chads realize SGMO owns their patents
Just bought calls, hope you’re right. 1/8 $260
Solid workmanship here.
What are your strikes?
??? I did anything wrong? As I said, I'm new here
Same
🚀🚀🚀 rocket ships means it going to go up, rule 101 of investing
Did the shorts ran out of fire power on GME? Why are we green?
Ah yes apple ruin me 🙏🏽🙏🏽🙏🏽
Might as well cash in both if ur uncertain. There will be rockets after GME and PLTR land on the moon anyways.
i’m up on my out i bought 3 minutes ago
If you’re feeling lucky, it’ll drop post-delivery numbers.

As a $TSLA long though, I’m not selling a single share until the macro hits ~4,000 and completes this super cycle
[deleted]
Hot Topic
Tesla play X GON GIVE IT TO YA
Amzn is at the absolute tank refuel point. Bear asshole smashing to continue soon.
YUM!
BREAKING: TESLA ANNOUNCES BLOCKBUSTER ACQUISITION OF ONLYFANS AND PORNHUB
Once this new candle starts in one min, gonna pump back to 372.
Abnb
$30 after merger worse case scenario
Spy tumbling
Sold them when Tesla was at $650 pre split. Missed out on $1.5m
I feel like most of the good DD in this sub has moved into discords, and we're just left with chinaposting (NIOOOOOOOO x1000) and people shilling GME. The new censorship of small cap tickers doesn't help either
This time is different
Look at all the news about NIO. Almost all bad news is behind us and it's been considered THE stock to own for 2021. People are starting to load up for long term holds. I'm thinking we see steady growth for the next year. Granted these 4-5% back to back days inevitably have to stop and a pullback is coming. I'm shooting for 100$ by end of next year
This is a casino. Head over to r/stocks and r/investing
[deleted]
do we think nio will have the same day tomorrow?
NIO 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
It was dying even before covid. Bankruptcy incoming, then it'll moon because bankruptcy is good news apparently.
Don't project your retard life onto mine. 

I'm doing fucking amazing. I have my internet bill paid up through January, so suck a dick.
Can you sell me some puts for cheap? Like a side deal?I want to help you
Shut the fuck up
Correct but if you are generating income in high IV times you are slowly offsetting potential losses if you are long term holding stuff. Helped me out a lot on RKT.
TSLA lol
TSLA doesn't give a sh\*t to SPY
NIO take all my energy
It won't. $700 in play tho
[deleted]
Old expense report for $13.25 just got deposited.

What's the play?
woah tsla is fucking bears right in the face!!!
I cant even sell covered calls on PSTH, this mutha gonna blow big and id hate to have to rebuy calls
Haha
Great! I love the management team and the business
Wtf here are the article titles Ally Invest just sent me for my end of the year review:

How to avoid top 10 mistakes in options
What is implied volatility?
How to write covered calls
What is option trading? 8 things to know before you trade.

Are they trying to tell me something?
My puts just got obliterated
When you read the posting guidelines before asking this question, what exactly lead you to think this is an appropriate forum for  *investment* advice??

This is a casino.
For the last 2 months
500k loss on shares ? May be your portfolio should be worth millions to loose that much amount in 2020 or you might have yolo’ed on options.
If a you tubers thumbnails could give a human aids, Andrei jikhs would do it. Also shout out to Graham stephan for having the most punch able face on YouTube.
Lookin for ZM to do some memeing
[https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0277027/](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0277027/) \- already exists.
BP
TSLA putting the SPY on its back.

&#x200B;

700 by eow
At what point does GOEV become the play?
Godspeed retard
Insane premiums .. I hope the stock doubles so you can actually make money here .. you need CRSR to be 50+ to just breakeven ..
I love how TSLA options fill both ways even if your limit isn’t at the ask
And yoi too Li Auto
I appreciate you letting me know - I dont have an options flow tool tho :( BUT just saw on wsj, that the amount of short has decreased by around 15%
Why RIOT mooning but not MARA?
fucking Tim Cock
[removed]
Stimmys are rolling out. Anyone got one yet?
Fuck this nonsense. TSLA 12/31 680p for 2.80
I think this is what the market should have looked like all year if not for the feds buying. Are the printers broke?
Jelqing is gonna be my new thing.
Market’s going to sleep...
If you want to lose money then sure go ahead
[deleted]
Just bought a lotto TSLA 12/31 750c
surely these penis in suits have better things to do with their time?

Ray Dalio , seriously...username??
Great job! Well till it dips and do it again!
GME 🥰🥰🥰🥰
I know but I'm actually full on restricted. Can't buy any options or stocks.
I need an undervalue stock that’s down today
Doesn't just look like a penis in a suit does he....
Diamond hands on PLTR is really gonna pay off
He just said there is no way it doesn’t hit $50 though. So guaranteed money
TSLA nearing ATH 🚀🚀🚀
Hey man, you okay?
ARKK with the perfect u shaped recovery. Flawless.
Me as well, I will tell my grandkids of this day.
Retard Robinhood user here. If you don't have the gold membership then you only can have 1k in margin while your bank transfer goes through.


If you have gold then you can have a whopping 5k while the transfer goes through. That's the default part. If you want to use margin otherwise you have to enable it since its a 2.5% loan.


What I didnt know is that they can and do lend out my shares that aren't bought with cash. I guess I need to work some OT at Wendy's to take myself out of margin. Thanks for the insight. 


240 shares and still buying every paycheck
I really should’ve bought in at 681 like I wanted to
dude why feel any kind of bad for this?! 1300 is 1300, when does anyone ever time the top perfectly???  


If you had bought far OTM for pennies you'd be up hundreds of thousands, there are always better scenarios than what you played, but you played well!
That’s where it’s at bruz
[deleted]
All in GME April $20c and he could quadruple it
SQ is literally free money if you get in now
A little more and it'll hit $30k on the 30th.
Tesla out here saving my account
It's never been at 12, you nonce. GONNA THO
We don't say no to free money
Nio trades alongside Tesla.
[removed]
I have a 100 shares and a January 2022 $60 call. Let it fly.
I took out a LOC and deposited it into my TFSA (Canadian 401k) Is this different?
Finally, NIO is recovering.  
The inevitable runup towards NIO day.
>Being a boomer is a mindset, not an age.

How do you do, fellow kids?
Grindr
I'm fairly sure most people use brokers to invest in stocks and not trade them. The % of people who passively invest is far far larger than those who actively trade, and if you hold, the fee ends up not mattering in the long run. So it turns out you may actually be part of a very small percentage of clowns out there who trades on it. My condolences
Picked up 100 shares and warrants myself. Will add more if I take profit somewhere else.
113% in three months is my kind of drug.
The fk mod?
[deleted]
or the double cock and balls
ha been there before
Went balls deep (80% of my portfolio) in NIO $47c for January 15 on Monday.
Hindsight 20/20. You could just as easily be bitching on here about how you held too long and lost all your gains. Don’t be greedy.
Black Friday online was amazing but in store was so bad people had to be sent home I think it will recover once COVID is on the back burners
But, helicopters also go down.
0dte Tsla 750c
Yeah well at least I don’t look like a penis in a suit
tsla 750c 1dtes
Holy shit what is happening to these daily threads, it’s just “GME TSLA NIO PLTR 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀” spam comments
[deleted]
ATH gang wya? 🎉
Charts say buy until they drop off a cliff and everyone is left wondering what happened...

What happens is that you need a sound business generating some value to instill consumer confidence and growth. GME is a dying brand, the latest in a long line of dying brands like Sears, Kmart or Circuit City.

My advise to all the GayMEers out there: Take your money and RUN...

You'll thank me later.
float too small. too easily manipulated. don't gamble on dash
What’s going on with AAPL?
[SPX poots go brrr](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kn09ji/daily_discussion_thread_for_december_30_2020/ghi7u4u?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x&context=3)
all our money just ends up in tsla equity anyways.. why do we even bother buying other shit?
XPEV learn a thing or two from nio
Ban
Anyone ready$ENPH crayon?
Yep 👍🏻
When he should cash out
He just shorted his own marriage
Cathie and Elon’s child would be The Chosen One
GME
Hm maybe I should've kept my 0dte spy 371p
That’s what really started the mass drop. Zipcharlie covers it better than I could on YouTube
Take a breather SPY you done enough girl
Why sell? I see no reason this will stop anytime soon.
Nio is trash.
Holy shit Nio🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
My March $420 puts are ready
in position for that screenshot
Holy is this the blow off top
What's a good $50 lotto
GameStop short squeeze starting?
If TSLA hits $800 tmrw, I will seriously give someone a platinum reward lol
Looks like Tesla getting ready to trap more longs.
I sold all my etfs at a loss
Ahh, a fellow canoodler?
Note to self: TSLA has retard strength. Save yourself and pleas don’t buy puts!
Electric. Helicopters.
[deleted]
> 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀

🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
7985 is best I can do
y?
Apple is up 10% in the past week. This guy WTF APPLE
I got a 4x overnight, but I sold.   I'm not sure if I should be happy or sad.
🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
NET 🚀🚀🚀
Unleash the fury NIO! UNLEASH THE FURY!!!
PSTH gaining some momentum. All aboard!!!
Wow. TSLA really hitting that new meme price of $694.20 for the EOY. Just. Wow
Oh I wish I did. On my shitty positions
What is... nvm I don't want this knowledge.
Yeah you shouldn’t be restricted... you may get a note that you’re flagged as a pattern day trader but not actually restricted
MSGE train anyone? What a huge month.
📦📦📦FDX📦📦📦
Amc is so fucked
GME, LETS GO!
Its about fucking time NIO, now can you at least hold?
Isn’t it 180 days after Aug so like early [March?](https://www.google.ca/amp/s/amp.reddit.com/r/stocks/comments/jzxvv5/anyone_know_when_lockup_period_ends_for_corsair/)
GME are suppose to be heavy shorted tomorrow since it's last day. GET YOUR CASH READY TO COST DOWN AND MOON BOYS!!!!!!!!!!!! WE'LL TAKE THIS GUYS WIFE ON THE WAY UP.
So covered calls for life on this?
I think they like to make fun of WSB because it exposes the fact that a bunch of mostly literal borderline retards have managed, in the aggregate looking at the most commonly mentioned tickers, to outperform index funds.

They don't care much for having their sham business exposed.
ABNB will be big 2021 imo $300+
this is the way, shares too
Elon and cathy... 2 guaranteed winners
wonder what elon had to consult with larry ellison about in hawaii
No more shitposts?
In the non retarded part of my portfolio, for ever 🥰🥰🥰 

In the retarded part, I'll cash out EOD
you are late about 1 hr
I bought 95c that expire tommorow. Only 9 cents each
God I can’t fucking wait for NIO day
Dunno about saturation, 100% net income increase on year, with China still being one of the quickest expanding markets for internet usage and with the current acquisition talks to acquire Douyo, they’d have an 80% monopoly on the entire market.

I do get you on PLTR, I’m still super bullish despite the valuation there. AI is the future for sure.
ban
The foretold 694.20 is near, let it be known.
43+ on their website

[https://www.palantir.com/careers/](https://www.palantir.com/careers/)
So TSLA 0dte puts at close, got it
Wait i thought tesla was not just a car company. Why do deliveries matter all of a sudden? (Which btw is not even published)..thats why this stock is ridiculous because you push it the way you want to look at it. One day its delivery next day its ai. 
Volkswagen sells 500k cars in like 3 weeks.
And yet they're still not doing so "blindly".
Get out
Man I want one
Mach E lowkey bearish for F
Gme dips all get bought. Unbelievable.
Sounds like a good long run investment TBH
GME prepping for liftoff 🚀
Holiday sales
StockTwits' literal saving grace is the ability to post and read about specific tickers. WSB might be retarded, but at least we aren't... ya know... actual retarded.
My LEAPS are looking good!
[removed]
Tesla is BAE. Like betting on Alabama football moneyline
Banned from Reddit, not the sub.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Everything about to go mega FKN GREEN !!!

PLS FLY AGAIN PLTR GME APHA CRSR 🚀🚀🚀🌚🌚🌚
Best decision I made was getting out of mRNA at $150,
TSLA 694.20
“You miss 100% of the FDs you don’t buy.
-FOMO”

–WsB
TSLA up on news it's TSLA
nio boys,

&#x200B;

WE HAVE LIFT OFFFFFFFF
In the book, the extremely bizarre (from a storytelling point of view) character of Mason’s sister >!murders Cordell, uses a cattle prod on Mason’s prostate in order to steal his sperm so she can impregnate her girlfriend and inherit Mason’s fortune, and murders Mason by convincing an eel to eat Mason’s head!<.

And then she >!fucks the orderly from the Baltimore prison from the first film even though she’s gay, and even though the orderly character is completely pointless and that scene goes nowhere.!<

The film was better and Thomas Harris is a hack and a sex pervert.
someone just fold and buy my ask ffs it’s not even that much higher
Spy with the limp dick. This shit gonna die
NIOOOOO🚀🚀🚀🚀
You dickshits buy GME, but when a real stock comes along, you don't even look into it. Pathetic, and thats how I like it.
Imagine selling yesterday 🤣
Tesla unreal
RIP. Wait a day.
Godspeed
oh shit is that a bit🪙 t-shirt? she is trying to send a message.
all US steel companies up over 4% today I have call options for CLF and Vale (vale up just a bit). All for March. This is my first options play.
Most people report highschool.
NIO is king. NIO is life.
Why not both
Come on gme 🚀🚀🚀
Dont look now tards but NIO being walked over to the launchpad ....🍾
Imagine announcing you are working on an EV 1 week ago and your stock price not even being at an ATH yet
Cohen is here to save the day   😭 😭

I LOVE yOU
Shit, this comment section is a gold mine
Holy fuck BILI just won't stop mooning
Can’t wait for spy to drop more so I can buy a call at market close and sell at market open tomorrow. Works like a good 80% of the time.
Was this PLTR?
Will let you when I get back to work on Monday. My boss won’t think it’s cute in meetings
TSLA is sucking all the money out of everything else
"my mains got banned for saying “retard” here too many times." 

mods, ban this guy.
[deleted]
[removed]
Sold my Tesla calls for a $1300 gain and missed out on an additional $1800 by not holding until now. Fuuuuuck
Damn 100 rh accounts huh? Time to open my fidelity account for this fucker got 200 on there u fucking bitch
[deleted]
perhaps tomorrow but i don’t see it today.

keep holding if this is your strong belief
Expect all the screenshots of TSLA 694.20 today
Sounds like $30c 12/21/21 to me 🥴🔥
What if mine varies between 4 and 7 ten times a day?
700 incoming.
Spy going limp
Is Wells Fargo ever going to pop? Darkness
My 50c nio weeklies are still gonna be worthless but this is fun
If you're ever wondering if TSLA FDs are the way, the answer is yes.
This might be the start of AMD uptrend to $100+ , no more 90-93 BS. Buy now if you don't want to FOMO and buy in at $100.
Did you miss that Ryan Cohen is going to take over?
Wtf AAPL
[deleted]
friendship w amzn ended, tsla is my new best friend 🚀🚀🚀
GME REVERSAL INBOUND!!!
TSLA up on India news?
👏
Ty :)
VIX is only rising because people are loading up on puts and calls before Georgia run offs next week. Once that's over, we'll have another IV crash where VIX will die.
Doubting memes and betting on value? Kinda cringe.
It's a $2000 check that they know the house won't pass. The majority of the senate is republicans. They lose absolutely nothing by passing it and blaming the failing stimulus on democrats in the house. If they don't pass it I'd be surprised.
n a n o busting 10 eod gang!!
get this gay shit outta here
[deleted]
Ughhh I need more money for my SLV baby
Reading isnt his strong suit.
In that case I hope you own TSLA calls rn.
It will... just not yet
Mach-E Owners Are Getting Emails Confirming their Cars Have Been Shipped!!!, time for Ford to go reeeeeeee 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Bet she fucks Real* Good
If it makes you feel any better I made and lost $100k on it
Most of the games I have seen, run on Windows, shouldn't MSFT be a better buy?
what about Carmella
4 rocket emoji but 300% increase in stock price in the last 4 months.  As 1 rocket = 100% increase this stock is underperforming.
Give me 2% and I'll be your cock vibrator, bby
Really? When is that happening? Across the board for the company or just your store? I read the entire 10q last night and browsed the 10k. The numbers of sales and margins looked great.
TSLA about to hit ATH while carrying the S&P 500
FDs on DASH bought at peak today are up 176% thanks algos
DD?
I was actually smart enough not to buy GME at the top this time. When's the re entry though?
* sell a bunch of dumbshits on your "investment course"
* get hooked on meth you got from your "business partner" and blow all your customer's money on drugs
* lose everything and live temporarily in parents house
* move out of parents' house and into storage shed
* make a youtube confessional about how your "partner"(i.e. dealer) fucked you but you're reading up on things and going to take over the financial world

God that was an amazing thread.  Anyone have the aforementioned youtube link still?
[deleted]
ICR conference
Long Shlong Elong
We are the batteries now
Burry needs to reply to this
I know a few.  Here's a list of considerations based on what actually happened or they've been advised to do.

* There'll be some employees that are selling a portion of their position because their wealth managers are telling them to diversify their funds, but this was mostly covered in the original 20% at DPO, so there shouldn't be much sold post lockup unless they need liquidity for a house downpayment.  Those still in the SF Bay, New York, or any other location that previously hosted a Palantir Office, mostly expensive markets, will have people considering home ownership.
* Some people liquidated their position well prior to DPO, so lockup doesn't apply to employees
* Not only employees are limited by the lockup.  There are non-employee investors that are stuck as well
* Apparently there used to be an internal calculator that calculated PLTR stock price vs shares for fun.  It went up to something ridiculous like a $1000 bucks.  From conversation, I think most of the folks are waiting for $100 before they seriously consider selling a large portion of their shares.
* Most employee, or former employee, shareholders are holding onto a large set of RSUs that they're exercising, or have exercised, they have to wait 2 years to be eligible for long term capital gains tax.

In terms of movement, I'm willing to guess that most people will holding onto their shares.  The worry would be if institutional investors are selling prior to earnings or after the earnings rocket.
[deleted]
TSLA!!! just sold the $680 call I paid $3.01 for $14.99. Holding one more. Let's gooooooo
Why not just unwind and wait for said squeeze to come back down before unwinding again if they are willing to hold long term anyways?
There’s no chance man I’m sorry
Here they go comparing shit with Tesla again
I’m still in. I think we could easily see more bumps in the road, but the medium term outlook is nice. If it rockets farther I might be forced to sell, but that’s what we call a good problem
Ok
I dont fucking read, I OWN
Yeah man! There’s plenty of reputable guys here! Just keep asking around and I’m sure you’ll find a good match...good luck and happy investing!
Why is TSLA mooning? Simple:  


# The FUTURE
TSLA is hotter than a $2 pistol
dipped 10% and just gapped up 9%. wtf
Congrats and fuck you
Congratulations my dude.
NIO MOON BOYS LFG🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Never too late
PLTR and Moderna are really fucking up my gains rn
Agreed. This one is going places. Once the deal progresses, there will be a nice launch. Yuge value imo.
I’m jelqing to TSLA right now
LFG 🚀🚀🚀
NYPD GOT TESLAS LMAO
lmfao just got 10 1dte tsla 750’s for shits and giggles
BABA better bust through 240 this shit is getting boring
TSLA bears in shambles
NIOOOOOOO 🚀
[deleted]
SPY & IWM poots
PLTR and Moderna are really fucking up my gains rn
hopefully we work the same shift together. he seems like he would be good at cleaning toilets since stocks aren't his thing.
Yep it’s that time to short Tesla
Apples really shitting the bed
L
[removed]
Oh Nio, this is pod racing.  You dont fail me.  50 by EOD
Tesla going pretty good huh 700c is a 5 bagger
Rising competitor, TGT has hire price margins that keeps the poor people away. TGT is a Karen’s market, America’s economy runs on Karen. And Karen has a red card in her purse
[deleted]
Robinhood via VPN NOOB.
This guy has "still short TSLA" in his bio. The man is a chode. I don't know how he got his money, but he bout to lose it all.
Totally fair, theres no argument for a good strategy that you're comfortable with
PLTR and Moderna are really fucking up my gains rn
I bought AMD FDs that expire in a day. 9 cents each. Fuck it.
Wrong forum buddy
In loose change
Days like today remind me that I’m never to overleverged in Tesla
TSLA puts it is
Delivery numbers, NIO day, EOY. 

EV is going to run wild in 2021.
SPY and QQQ leaps mostly.
[deleted]
Why the sudden hype? Smells like P&D
EXPC 🚀🚀🚀
I guess you can make money on that up and down, but like, that requires so much effort and anxiety when you can literally just sit on ARK leaps or put everything into a CC ETF
26c  15 January here - 30 is rich
Go get buttfucked
NIO BROKE 48 🚀
That isn’t very cash money of you SPX
I miss the days where SPY would move 2 dollars in one fucking candle
👏👏👏
Im Tyrone, and I'm here to fuck this guys wife. Long dick style
He has a 3/19 exp, but I do have one for 2/19 that just started turning around after a month lol
Tesla about to make a new ATH
In Europe you have to explicitly allow your broker to borrow your shares. I don't give this permission.
Shakes head with a chuckle.  TSLA you silly bitch.
not a bad idea for a new logo. give the chimp blonde hair, and shades.
Blink and nano up big today
cost basis matters. Much higher cost basis for PLTR holders. All the employees and early investors for SNOW are sitting on like 30x+ gains. SNOW was valued at $3B when PLTR was valued at $20B a few years ago
[removed]
> Honestly man if you couldn't spend 15 minutes on the internet researching which brokers are the cheapest and available in our country, you probably shouldn't be trading? I dunno, just a hunch.

As I said before or somewhere else - I did. It's just been a few years and back then Swissquate was actually the cheapest option.

I'm clearly not the only one as they seem to still have enough customers.
Tesla still having 4% swings like it’s at $70 again.
Retard GME PLTR gangs are still shuffling around thinking its just a dip
KFC gang
I see further upside because it’s sitting on its 200dma after a bull run. Although the stock hasn’t been open for 200 days yet, I am hoping this is a consolidating phase
I don't see any news?
DONT DOUBT CHINESE TESLA
[https://i.ibb.co/prPz3Mx/image.png](https://i.ibb.co/prPz3Mx/image.png)

Huge SPY dark pool share print just in

1,900,000 | $372.22 | $707,000,000
I want you boys all to know that I still believe in you.  Every single one of you.

Don't ever doubt, don't ever join a gang that isn't making you want to smash that buy button.  Believe in yourself, be skeptical of what other people want from you, and when you get a vibe.  SMASH IT
[removed]
TSLA 694.20 RUN TSLA RUN 💎🙌🏼
damn went from -400 to +3 to + 200 really quick thank u papa musk
Ludicrous inflation not really showing up in the bond market yet. But I'm not savvy enough to parse the diagreements between bonds and equities markets.
Completely missing the point. Have a nice day.
AMC is the new GME
The other half is all Elon Musk's new publicly traded companies.
TSLA JUST PAID MY STUDENT LOANS OFF
TSLA only thing keeping SPY somewhat alive. Remember when everyone thought TSLA would end up hurting SPY??
Already priced in
I got in earlier too thanks to some wonderful fella on here
Picked up 5 shares with couch money, it better buy me a steak dinner in two weeks
Jan 11 and Jan 14 are very important dates. If that goes OK I'm holding until earnings. And after that, sky is the limit. If they can really pivot, 100$ in the next 2 years is not impossible at all
[deleted]
Tsla wants 500k delivery by tommorow.
Apple has no business going below 134 anymore
My GME 21c 12/31:

*so you’re saying there’s a chance*
[deleted]
NKLA was the biggest joke of 2020, no L.
pleas
Bulls fuck hard today
NIO 48 🚀🚀🚀
Ah, a bright future
What's his channel's name?
After back to back -20% days, it’s nice to be up 9%
NIO cracked 48 and now were off [🚀](https://emojis.wiki/rocket/#:~:text=Meaning%20of%20%F0%9F%9A%80%20Rocket%20Emoji,user%20is%20determined%20to%20fulfill.)[🚀](https://emojis.wiki/rocket/#:~:text=Meaning%20of%20%F0%9F%9A%80%20Rocket%20Emoji,user%20is%20determined%20to%20fulfill.)
[removed]
Keep going champ
Same. What kind you get?
Nobody tell him

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Dollar will collapse when JPOW prints double amount of cash
Dream bigger my friend.... why not both? Credit card debt ain't so bad. And you can post 'DD' during your tendie fryer breaks like the rest of the retards here.
cmon do something!
Hey gaybois, how was the mukbang? I heard Jim Cramers asshole was the main course. Gaybois!
694.20
HOLY FUCKING SHIT NIO
Helicopters go up so price will also go up
If you came looking for confirmation bias, that is what I’m here for 🚀🚀🚀🚀
Well we're in the same subs and they are hard to  miss. That said I'm going to stop. Your business is your own. Just found them quite frustrating.
Why are people shilling EXPC?
what a gay comment
This guys girlfriend is already packing her bags
[deleted]
basically what this guy is talking about doing is the same thing as the 🌈🐻 who short the top of an uptrending channel. 

Like yeah, you’re shorting the top of the channel, but the top of the channel is trending UP. it could ride that shit for months before finally reversing. 

don’t fight the wave. ride it and adapt when there’s a trend shift. Hedge a bit if you’re worried.
Who’s the boldy?! They should know better than messing with autistic retards! Retards stronk togetha!
What's TSLA news? Delivery numbers?
IRA go brr on Mondee
This man fucks
10,000 best I can do
That's the funny part. That u don't even know u r retarded 🤣🤣🤣
[removed]
Crazy resistance at $48 for NIO.

Edit: No match for bulls.
TSLA is actually fucking insane lmao
It can be first to market. It can be better than its competitors (which won't be Google, Facebook, Amazon because those companies are not interested in consulting). Not arguing against this.

But based on its current business models, with having to deploy engineers for every contracts and customizing software for each customer, I don't think it is possible for its revenue to grow as fast as WSB think its stocks should grow.
Why is Tesla and NIO jumping ?
this is why you're poor.
[deleted]
What do u think will rally it to 18, senate races?
UPS CALLS GET EM WHILE THEY’RE HOT
[deleted]
It's year 2030. 

50% of SPY consists of TSLA.
You get one life and we know that’s a fact. This is 100% a simulation but it’s all we know. God speed my friend.
Why are EV’s going up? I’m up 8% in both Nio and Tesla but just curious as to why
[deleted]
in the future if u see pltr and ai dip like yesterday just go with ai
Why is amyris up so much today?
Damn GRWG would have been an easy 50 bagger and more at this point.

Of course I bought shares instead of leaps when it was at $20
Low volume dump. Volume will be back soon with da
lmfao dude
Dr Parik Patel liked : clearly a meme tweet
I'm already bag holding on some company that makes goofy looking electric vans, I'm all set without calls on helicopters
iv was 105% of course its gonna go down thats called iv crush lmao
lol, jesus christ you kids are so fucking stupid.

Thats why I love you so much
target is amazon's largest competitor? are you aware that walmart current does literally 2x amazon's earnings you dingus
Says u 🤣
You bought at $12 didn't you
My brother. 🤝🚀🚀🚀🚀
Dont be a pussy.
Did I say that? What I said or at least strongly implied is that it does not, at the moment, feel like a rape train bashing through shorts.
Someone ask him how his TSLA shorts going today.
[deleted]
Imagine short selling Tesla after SP 500 inclusion. 

1000 by earnings.
Well it was at $695 a week ago
[deleted]
Hey buddy they have hundreds of thousands of shares and are selling covered calls to bring their cost basis below their buy-in
Where have you seen this? Closing on tomorrow?
Use gemini active trader. 0.02% if you trade over $50k/mo
January sixth, see you in DC!
$12K is chump change for a YOLO lotto. If they do get acquired, that will makes 6 figures easy.
How does Chewy beat out Amazon then? I would expect Amazon to have "your brand" and delivered quickly to your house.

My understanding is Cohen beat out Amazon in terms of pet food e-commerence. So what the counter argument to Cohen beating out Amazon in terms of gaming e-commerence?
[removed]
Fuck you PLTR.
Jesus christ u r retarded
What the other guy said, and also if you pick small enough stocks then people with the amount of money WSB has can actually slightly affect price movements. Notice how no one ever pumps companies with big market caps, and why penny stock pump and dumps are a well known phenomenon. When the day comes that someone tries to hype AAPL, they probably won't be bullshitting because every moron who takes investment advice from this sub could jump in with everything they have and they wouldn't move the needle even a fraction of an inch.
>Target Tori

Umm, yeah, I can see that. Except one has money.
pausechamp
wait... what???!
This is the most challenging stonk to stay diamond on...
#48.01
Hold for the next 5 years. It's like holding Amazon in 2016
SH!Tcoin mooning spy fading
Market Makers win.
Nope lol just shares
TSLA AND NIO GO BABG GO
Nah don’t do that, he should short shares like the big guys.
Lol I appreciate the support. Thanks to you retards I’ll finish higher education traveling for a year after Rona is over or working at Wendy’s.
👑
[deleted]
Might want to copy/paste the text from the S A article in case the bots remove it
Tesla has the most advanced autopilot and will lead that technology. They brought servicerevenue to carmakers and they will earn a load of money! On the side: they make EVs

And nio?
THCB sell off making me the big sad
[deleted]
🤦‍♂️
How long you holding?
How’s everyone feeling about the CRSR lockup up ending in feb?
AAPL sale 😍
Ticker is MP it's in the title
TSLA EOD price 

🔮>!$700!<🔮
What are you holding to have 4/5 days like this?
I need fucking NIO to get over 50 like I need fucking air!!!! 😩😩😩
Walmart will be Amazons biggest competitor, with Target in far 3rd. Stock price for Target is extremely overvalued when compared to Walmart.
money is leaving spx into tsla, but tsla is IN spx so money is leaving spx into tsla and then a little goes into spx. but not as much as if tsla wasn't in spx at all. spx kneecapped by tsla no matter what
DD on expc please? If there is potential it could be a steal.
Or cutting SQ losses at open while holding FB, not me
LMND gonna bring me a $2k stimmy before congress does.
What if I told you there is no reality?
Elon holding SPY on his back
How you mean
You're a fucking goof if you think Playboy could ever, EVER be relevant ever again.

Think about your granddad pulling his pecker to Playboy, and thats about as exciting as it will get.
Will happen after new years
happy birthday to us.
I didn’t think you guys did DD like this! Btw that’s not a knock I admire some of you.
I honestly think the bears are all dead. Seriously who has puts rn?
College retard here with 34 21c 1/29 : ) kill me
Georgia election
Big cock Elon
TSLA at $691 has to be the top. Right? RIGHT?!
wtf is u doing AAPL
Yeh good plan.
You need to use Coinbase Pro which is the actual trading exchange. Much lower fees.
u/cjbrigol I hope you kept your 700c
PAAAAAMP IIIIIT!
Sounds like the total piece of garbage  ev that will go to the moon. I'll take a look.
Boring day loaded up on apple long see you later
ban
Same. I’d be way more upset if I sold for pittance and it finally mooned
That's freakin cute. :)
[removed]
[deleted]
Are you talking about women or people on here?
Ticker? My dumbass probably read it
Gee man keeping track huh? Lmao
If dems win Georgia, which is looking very likely cus McConnell fked everything up, weed will soar.
Good job fending off that totally organic helicopter shit fellas. We might be mentally retarded but we are not stupid
Coinbase pro
This doesn’t happen to me usually. I’ve had a 10% gain today just holding stonks and monthlies
What! A stock is down for 3 days! SELL SELL SELL! 🧻 🧻 🧻 🧻
sq$ trying to get cock full erect 

Come on guys buy a share and support. !!!
Im literally up 15-25% on every other option, its just these two 2/19 $25C that have lost 50% since purchase lolol. Thank god theyre not weeklies tho
t-shirt brand reccys? 34/m
TSLAAaaaaaaaaconnnnneeecctttt
Selling covered calls doesn't really protect your portfolio.
TSLA 700c lotto looking primed and ready
Link?
What would you say is happening? Slow train wreck correction?
Not a bear, but I feel like every time markets close early because of a holiday, markets are down or really flat price action. Probably buy eod tmrw after people finish dumping before the long weekend/new year.
Why does Seana Smith always look infinitely sad?
Mitch the type of guy to eat at a nice restaurant, make rude suggestive comments to the waitress, use an expired coupon, pay with a gift card, and despite having healthy funds remaining on card, leaves a 5% tip.
Lunch time dip right? Lol but seriously aapl is great long term hold but weeklies is dangerous
[deleted]
TSLA 69  

0
Tagging /u/cryptoply and /u/TorpCat because they were on the last thread and would probably be interested too.
I ended up selling after like the 2nd drop. yeah premium doesn’t move much wit same day exp, you don’t wanna hold to long. I just looked at the premium now and hasn’t moved much
LinkedIn says there are 7 positions open worldwide, indeed says 2
Obviously that’s debatable. It’s actually very undervalued and has a leg up on competition because it has much less overheard for originating mortgages. And so far the peak of the mortgage market is Q4.
XPEV put bags heavy as FUCK rn
Good one bro
Take a second and look at the accounts spamming it. Obvious pump and dump attempt. Never trust any account who delete their comments on an hourly basis. It's happening a lot around here lately
$XL GOT MY CHEEKS CLAPPED!!!!
Geez that internet token is about to hit 29K
I figure my account endpoint is zero so I figure flush it in the way that will at least let me look back and chuckle
21.5c 1/22 😬
here comes the dump!
PLTR IV really cooling off.
Man why didn't I all-in RIOT
Long-term play by this subs standards, but Replay Acquisition is merging with Finance America (mortgages). Should move pretty similarly to GH-IV - but might take 2-3 weeks.

Commons are only 4% off NAV so your risk is minimal. Warrants are reasonable too at 2$ each.
I used to want to be in $GME for the tendies. Now I'm in it to make this dude lose money. He should be in jail trading sexual favors for cigarettes not trading stocks. Buy shares and make him pay.
TSLA ATH SOON
🐈
Don't love the chart on this guy. Waiting for a better entry position.
haha yes crash ARKG 🐻💉📉
Agreed!
What’s everyone’s over night swing trades looking like?
One of the best plays leaked on WSB
Actual shambles
[deleted]
[deleted]
well that was unexpected by NET
That's why I'm afraid of shorting anything ever. Sure, drops hurt when you buy at at peak (I lost a lot of money, comparatively, buying into the REGN Trump Pump), but just watching how much some short trades lose over time is insane.

I understand it would be a reasonable thing to do in some cases (TSLA lol), but riding these bullish waves during this retard bull market seems and feels so much easier to do. Even when I traded MRNA, which lost me a chunk of money initially, I lucked out two times after and turned profit in the end.
The dollar has been going down a couple of months now.
Gang shit
[removed]
beet corn ATH!!!!!!!!
he's shorting?

pamp eet
XL bags are heavy as SHIT
I have it in my account right next to the East India Trading Company
Weed does what weed does. This vote won’t change anything
[deleted]
Fuck it I’m in Godspeed
I want some short term tesla puts but it just keeps going up o.o
Just one autist tryna help another.
Just pretend to be Canadian with maple money. I can't imagine having to identify as a Europoor
Ban for life
It absolutely doesn’t make sense and everyone knows it. People are literally playing the “more insanity to come” game and hope to sell at a higher price. It’s been working is the thing... This valuation puts a lot of trust in the idea that everything works out and Tesla runs the world. They don’t even have an everyday product that people can buy. It’s a car, and best case scenario, solar panels and other battery bullshit. If you look at other trillion dollar companies. They have a product that literwlly everyone can buy AND needs. I see the future as nobody needing a car and Tesla dominating that market. It’s a simple technology once figured out however and laws are passed allowing it meaning a lot of competitors. Tesla becomes a brand name type of company like Apple in the phone industry but their tech won’t be top tier.
[deleted]
Get to the choppaaa
[deleted]
Dr. Parik Patel, BA, CFA, ACCA, Esq....this mf overcompensating
LOL, its not just 🥭 messing up GOP’s plan to win Georgia Senate seats.

Ted Cruz bought 15 separate FB ads asking for donations to fight Georgia Senate elections but the fine print says that all donations will go to Cruz’s campaign committee. Not Georgia
Disturbingly low volume on GME today?
The vast majority, that's the problem 💩
I'm waiting for proof of a turnaround. I like the company personally but will have to see how they tackle electric. Expeditions are beast.
Autopilot mode combined with that CRSP butthole.... EZ clap.
if you haven’t sold your calls before noon on PLTR, you’re doing it wrong. almost always get skull tucked by the greeks and just less volume in the afternoon
Any stock that were down 10% in the past week before today is a dip retard. And there are plenty of them
totally thought 12/31 was going to be friday. fuck me, no wonder
Coinbase fees are rediculous.
The PS5 and Xbox Series X are just AMD pcs.
1k
Worst case how high you think PSTH will go after merger?
2/5/21 50$ Calls. Been ass deep for awhile.
The daily chart is retard strength
This is the most cancerous low-volume slow bleed out I've ever seen
Another typical fucking day at the market. We open up 0.4%, then fade and drill all fucking day just to end flat or red. This is pretty much what happens 4 out of 5 days every week.
That’s a whole lotta gold. GME GANG 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
She looks like an older Target Tori
What is this slow bleed
I think a lot of loss porn here is kinda already realised as the far OTM options that retards buy will expire worthless. But there's plenty of posts with unrealised gains so I was curious on your intentions. All good.
There is always a sell and buy wall on both ends of the weekly expected move the options market prices in. This week is 700. I’ve seen those get breached all the time. All you have to do is look back on the last 2 months to see that it got breached 3 out of the last 8 weeks.
/r/thetagang
Making a real play, like EXPC
Whats on the 11th?
lol, clearly a pump and dump
Good doggy, VIX. C’mon, Boi! 🐕
There is a 28 minute delay fetching comments.

I will be messaging you in 2 months on [**2021-02-28 18:42:33 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2021-02-28%2018:42:33%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://np.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jkz7uo/all_my_homies_hate_bears/ghiuszd/?context=3)

[**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fjkz7uo%2Fall_my_homies_hate_bears%2Fghiuszd%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202021-02-28%2018%3A42%3A33%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%20jkz7uo)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|
Aight someone place a market order for GME. I did my part with 10,000 shares
“The dollar won’t collapse with stimulus”

_Dollar collapses right when stimulus is announced_
If it crashes again, retards will just buy it back up.  Shit's not going away until the shorts are gone.
06/21 $35C 💎 ✋
gay bears gonna gay
Went in for 1000 shares after helping my brother and dad build a gaming PC
I guess aapl is just gonna free fall until the new year
Looks like a warning shot on SPY
for real, lets get to 190 by eow
Wow sh1tcoin...
LSPD - bought in at 55 at the beginning of the money. Chilling at 71
Didn’t get to it yet. My 3 years old is obsessing with frozen. I sing their songs in my sleep.
Oh, I'm not THAT retarded. I have no $VALE bag :) I'll pray for your bag though. 🚀🚀🚀
Thanks Dad, I'll keep that in mind.
Autopilot glitches are there to motivate people to shell out $10k for FSD.  Bullish AF.
It would look the same as DC any other Wednesday
It was never sold below $20....
Hindsight is 2021
Boy, you've been abandoned. Don't be an idiot.
Eat my dongus you fuckin nerd.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Ayeee we have the same contract , only thing is I bought at 2.14 🚀
Their algorithms and the fact that governemnts are very sticky contracts who need to pick one system and stick to it due to privacy and efficiency.
Stop selling 🐝
remindme! two weeks
I know for a fact that FUBO sucks dick and still didn’t short it, fuck me
y'all behave like bots
It'll go back up but might take some time...hope you didn't buy weeklies.
Pump and dump penny stock
Not a chance.

Going to swing at least +/- 30% next year. Good execution can get it to a 1T valuation. A combo of poor execution will see $TSLA struggle to maintain that $500 level.
Yea, should have thought of that. Market seemed to be dumping this week, so I sold them as a hedge. Shoulda known better. It’s all good. I can roll to $70C 1/31 for additional $400 credit. If it hits that, I’d make near $30k, which I’d be just fine with. If it doesn’t, or if there’s a big pull back, I could probably buy them back for cheap and free up my obligation. Either case, I’ll wait until tomorrow, because it’s entirely possible it dumps in the AM into the 46’s.
Thats nasty bro I heard that out loud wtf
DBX is being a real bastard today
They’re not gonna let nio break 48
Bet she fucks good.
I'm way too loaded up on XL....guh
[deleted]
EXPC
GME slowly expands my asshole throughout the day
The fact that u think we’re in a dip is concerning
Nono, pls dont
Tesla ATH EOD possible?
Fell like -24% last time so uuuh yeah...
Damn he triggered you with that comment 🤣
Will pltr come back? Or are we going to slowly melt downwards?
Okay I agree with you on the fact that it's not a reliable way to pay off a loan, but it is a reliable income source. I've been holding NIO shares for 2 months now, been selling weekly covered calls on it since I bought, and I guess I'm lucky it hasn't gone against me yet. Made like 15% profit from just selling covered calls, and it has worked week in and week out for over 2 months. If you don't get cocky and sell 10-15% out of the money, and don't pick strikes below your avg. cost, it's a fool proof money stream.

But to the guy that wants to do this on margin, I would advise you against it. These are volatile stocks, that's why their premiums are so fucking high you retard. Just cause it worked for me for months on end doesn't mean it's gonna work for you. I may be the luckiest retard on the planet, so you never know. Only fuck around with money you can afford to loose, and don't borrow from the brokers. I've been on this sub long enough to tell you that margin hardly ever works in your favor.
True, but custom keyboards are expensive af and normies aren't going to buy them. I'm not buying stock based off a tiny enthusiast community — I'm buying stock off what Little Jimmy and Becky are going to buy.
e^c
100% fukd
I read some pretty good DD here awhile back that talked about how ford has so much outstanding bond debt coming due in the next few years that it's likely to go bankrupt. So not that sexy of a company, no.
Buy BABA, best risk/reward stock in the market right now
[deleted]
Got in right at $19 today pog
NIO big dick energy
Got some Lehman shares to pump, too late?
[deleted]
The guys asking for proof of claims but only when the claim involves hot women cracks me up. Same guys will blindly dump money on a play with no proof lol.
Damp it
[deleted]
Europoor here and i have no idea about the congress voting and all, how risky is it holding weed (GRWG) through all that? appreciate your advice
It’s resistance to my puts lol
Are we really gonna let these fat fucks Melvin Capital bully us out of GameStop
Look at the sell wall at 700
Yes, we're fucked.
[deleted]
Labeled PTD and intraday buying power at 0. Can’t sell calls. I don’t understand.
On LMND? I love the stock
Since when?
Ban
~~isnt that what diamond hands is?~~
Man I kept shorting futures like idiot and kept taking Ls for past few weeks

Need to play some less retarded though boring stuff like those spreads 

Anything else I should know about ?
Mods!
Imagine not buying the dip past 3 days
Next meme pump spac it’s merging with Blade an EV helicopter company
Attention. We interrupt your heli nonsense for this important message 

AMD 95c for this week are 9 cents. I repeat, 9 cents.

Lets go boys. AMD FDs part II.
$EXPC all-in you slags.
Shit I guess I'm convinced, putting my child's college fund into expc.
Join the conversation
Finished Ted Lasso yesterday. Great ass show
It's dead and doesn't pay a dividend.  No reason to hold it.
Moar than that. u/cyanlce needs to re-do his survey after management shows us their package at ICR to gauge shareholder levels & support of the two options.
>NIO 

how much u make?
Why
Palantir stock goes up 2.5% and THE 1/15 CALLS GO NEGATIVE 2% what in the actual fuck. The IV is only 87% and the delta is $.05 so wtf gives?!

PLTR $26c 1/15 

Easy deal today. May double down
Tldr?
Can’t wait until greenpower motor company overtakes Tesla’s market cap in 2023
[deleted]
Yikes
My DD: Cathie Wood is a GILF CUTIE.
Is lightning helicopter the next meme stock ?
Story?
You mean support?..
It’s true. Read Reminiscences of a Stock Operator.
buttmad GME bagholder. 

"Pump my shares instead waaaah"
[removed]
That’s fucked
That’s how I invest my money I think it makes the stock go up kinda like you think turning a video game controller helps you turn faster 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
True but the revenues will be mooning in 2021
Baba
GRWG going crazy
[deleted]
Gme shares. I’m doing my part
Go all in with puts bud. Put up your house too fuck it, don’t forget to post pics of the outcome too.
I probably should've spaced it out a bit better lol my apologies
Just if you want to exercise. I'm getting rich buying the dips and selling the tips
They were up over $5 during the spike a week or so agoI got out around $4.4, gonna buy longer dated ones around $180
If you want to start trading stocks, you'll be better off reading articles on investopedia and not this sub or that book and stay out of options until you can do basic buying and selling of stocks for 6 months without loosing all your money


Otherwise, you'd be better off walking into a casino and betting all your money on black
Thoughts on ZM/SNOW/FDX/W ?
Seems so, yes
if you're not playing RIOT tm I don't know what you're doing
It won’t anytime soon lol, keep waiting
Truly buying high and selling low
What’s a good stock y’all have been wheeling?
GME pls fly again 🚀🚀
[deleted]
[deleted]
GME HIT GREEN BABY
People are idiots; that’s how you BLOW an inheritance
Anyone got recommendations for YouTube channels with actual sound content?
Looks like NASDAQ 13k is inevitable
How the fuck is that stock surging that hard when they were around three fiddy summer 2019?
Stay off the weed
EXPC is legit. You kids should be betting on stocks like this, not fucking GameStop and goddamn Palantir. Jesus christ.
This is the way
Ok karen
[removed]
Big poop gang 💩
I do pay taxes, the only thing my parents provide are a roof over my head for a few months and medical insurance. I work full time jobs and pay all my taxes, still get claimed though
i know these $QQQJ 6/18c 32/35/40 OTM calls have time to age like fine wine, but fucking moon already! looking at you $LBRDK
You had to make a post about your own comment?
LOL thats up to you to decide but usually yea.
Use the block on pumpers, quality improves
What are stocks? You mean options? StOcKs? Me no understand
Is everyone sleeping on Ford or is it just not sexy enough of a company rn
[deleted]
yeah i bought 2 shares on August 31, which was its peak :(
*Record Scratch* "You're probably wondering how I got here."
I don’t believe u
Nah gotta save a few dollars for rope, everyone knows that
Take the red pill buddy. GME on margin, LFG!
Bingo. 

Selling calls on tesla

I have clients that went from being multi-millionaire retired dentists/doctors/engineers, who became several million dollars in debt practically over night

I know at least one reopened his practice and another was divorced months after this happened 

What's horrible is the dentist's story. He held almost the entire account in quality REITs like NLY and AGNC, he and his family were living on the dividends for years. He decided to dump the REITs in mid-February and sold as many puts on TSLA as he could. We were forced to liqudate his position on 3/18 due to insufficient equity

He transferred his emergency savings into his brokerage account and sold calls on TSLA. 

Got absolutely rekt

(I work in platform risk for one of the major trading firms)
Post position now or ban this fucker.
Bought more shares at yesterday morning's dip. Easy money 🚀
[removed]
What’s the point of yelling at China all day? It’s not gonna change what is going on. Trump has a huge part of a blame with how he has handled the pandemic. 

China has defeated the virus.
**If this is [spam](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/contentguide) you can vote to remove it and earn setting your own flair.**

| **Remove It (1)** | **Keep It (1)** |
|--------|:-------|-------:|:------:|
| [Click to Vote](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=kn85ah&message=spam) | [Click to Vote](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=kn85ah&message=approve)|

[Click Here to Change Inaccurate Post Flair](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=postflair%20CHANGEME&message=kn85ah)
___
 ^comment ^will ^disappear ^--- ^19 ^shitposts ^removed ^since ^last ^crash ^--- ^[information](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/votebot) ^--- ^[leaderboard](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/leaderboard) ^--- ^[REWARDS](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/votebot_commands)
Atleast hold until 250 bro. Don’t be paper hand and flip to PLTR gang.
I've heard stories about all of these brokers being shady as shit when it comes to lending GME, to be honest. They absolutely don't want to anger their big money institutional customers but give few fucks about retail. Lots of recall shenanigans this Spring.
CARLOS MATOSSSSS
It's a coordinated penny stock pump and dump, not just people being enthusiastic about a stock. How can you not see that man?
https://www.sanfransentinel.com/imgur1.html
you mean yolo calls on margin account? 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀
I can’t wait for GameStop to go bankrupt
[deleted]
There's usually 120 cars in the drive thru.
Papa Elon 🦋

2/19 680
All I see is a discount.
"I don't understand it so it must be bots"

Spoken like a true GME bagholder.
Yeah if that other 8% is that important to you good luck with selling.
Huya will actually be going up again later in the year with league of legends pro tournaments to be held there, meaning players in the Chinese super server who stream on it will go against the pros.
In at 55. Bought the fuck out of this dip
Paragraphs... please
holy shit 🔧🍌! Wrench gang +23.65%!
NVDA going up beautifully
I bought at $129 about a week ago. So glad to see it back up to where it was.
[removed]
Just search $Ozon on Twitter, and tell me it’s not hitting 60 next week...Russia + Twitter pump + end of silent period=gains
Nancy passed stimmy in the summer and Mitch let is sit on his desk.
That’s what I’m doing with GOEV. Fuck it.
Not too late to jump back in. Going to 60
Use the block on pumpers
This guy fucks
100% arkk
NIO will break 48 then continue to the stratosphere
I had $96p.  Had to let it go yesterday.  Day late and strike short
Yeh roll to a higher strike then. I stopped selling Cc before a big event like NIO day in this case or before earnings in general z
Mitch the kind of guy to sell GME on the dip and buy back in the same day at a higher price. Don’t be like Mitch.
Send them into politics
Is expc actually good? Seems like it could be a solid play tho?
[deleted]
Lol rmo first spac to go red on announcement
GME is slowly inching back but my IV crushed FDs are still in shambles. I need a fucking 10% day to breakeven with this bitch
the meme potential EXPC doesn't hold a candle to MCAC... playboy is going to be crazy again
Yeah I’m long too but this shit is insane
If you have locked any profits in 2020 then move the tax money aside and buy with the remaining amount. Don’t get burned by taxman.
Got some for Xmas. Puts some hair on your chest
stonks appear to either stay flat or only go down past two weeks fuck this
There is a 27 minute delay fetching comments.

I will be messaging you in 7 days on [**2021-01-06 18:39:10 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2021-01-06%2018:39:10%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://np.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/k9vp1m/forget_the_past/ghiudzo/?context=3)

[**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fk9vp1m%2Fforget_the_past%2Fghiudzo%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202021-01-06%2018%3A39%3A10%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%20k9vp1m)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|
Probably a bunch of guys in a discord trying to shill their shit
Bots can't respond to comments fyi
I don't like clicking on links from people
[deleted]
moar deepfake memes
I’m poor and paying my way through college, so surely not as heavy as some people here, but quite heavy for me for sure. 22c 4.16.20. How heavy is yours my friend?
Honestly, with SE I don’t even consider it’s daily profit-loss in my numbers. Shit pump and dumps like a penny stock so hard that unless you’re day trading it the daily gains (or or losses) are meaningless
But what does Palantir offer that prevents literally any other data company from competing for those contracts?
Lol imagine panic selling net calls at the bottom today lmao couldn't be me
The only way to make sense of this is that we are pricing in ludicrous inflation over the next ten years
I have inside info that ZM will join s&p 500 in mid January... if you want free money buy calls
It’s gaining but no ones mentioning it; hence “no one talking about”.
If you’re down 92% on a position you just hold to expiry hoping for a miracle, right?
EXP(see) target is Blade. An EV helicopter company. It’s a spac, Seems like something that might get pumped hard.
fail
Ok GME 🚀 I'm loaded! let's destroy FY2020 for the shorts
no DCA u/SIR_JACK_A_LOT? buy the dip no?
Huya is basically at saturation while pltr is precieved (perhaps irrationally) as a next google with much more potential due to lack of clarity around ai corporate potential. 而且，网吧煞笔不要赔钱
jesus this thread is turning into stocktwits
Joe mamma? I talk about her all the time
Mitch the kinds guy to pocket commissions buying calls on bond ETFs for clients
Actually have to perform? $TSLA is going to be the only “automaker” to beat guidance in the year of a pandemic and more cash than ever in the bank...
Don't know how it happen, but my portfolio is now 50% fintech, 15% ev, 10% icln, 25% spac.
hmmm not sure how to provide I do date them but I don't want them to know about the shit I post LOL! hmmm maybe I can get on one of their instagrams somehow a secret message to wsb...I'll think about it
Pump and dump spam
You are truly a wordsmith, sir. How do you find the words to put such a turbulent time, the world itself in turmoil.. into such a magnificent recap??
**Exp**erien**c**e the cool, refreshing taste of Pepsi.
Since when have stocks been about profitability?  I'm just looking at charts and the charts said buy.
We bottomed out at 24 see you at 30 soon
I’m up 700% since I started trading in May mostly because of “SPAC trash”
Dude give me gold
Hedge
New mining equipment from JohnDeere. Core driller.
Damn. I stop going on the daily thread for like three days and I already have no idea what the new tickers are that keep being shilled.
[deleted]
Great stock for swing trading 🥰
**QQQJ   QQQJ   QQQJ**
RIP me for buying XL at 27
P n d
[deleted]
y'all gonna end up behind Wendy's.
it's bots spamming a ticker
Papa Elon we trust!
I’ve lost about the same trying to time the drop. The worse part was I switched my longs to shorts thinking it was going to tank and lost out on 60k+. Shit is so retarded to think about
It would be a 1k loss to buy back, so that’s not worth it to me. I’ll probably roll to a later date and hugger strike, wait for a pull back and then buy them back.
[deleted]
my dumbass bought shares instead of options
Got out of my 01/15 FCX calls today, looking to roll them over to later dates.
Actually, same
End of year so lots of institutions will be closing positions for tax write-offs.  Last day for options write-offs was yesterday and the entire market was red.  Last day for stock write offs is tomorrow.
Whats this about, short retards?
At this point, Daily Chat is just as bad as StockTwits
A single shitty earnings announcement cuts this stock in half. I’m a long term holder but I’m not crazy to think this thing just keeps going. A reality check must set in.
Ill probably paper hands out of ICLN lmao. Buy calls!
BITCONNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNECT
A little known  phenomenon on Wall St that dates back 100 yrs is that when a stock hits a new round number divisible by 100, like 100, 200, 300 and so on, and doesn’t react by retreating lower, is it tends to go much higher. (Think TSLA breaking 1k and 2k). 

Waiting for the magic moment when TSLA pushes through 700.
How is it different from "PLtr to the MOON", or "GME GO GO GO!! ?

Just curious. At least this one looks like doing something real.
[deleted]
What if institutional investors collectively decide that cash is trash tomorrow and actually buy equities 🤔
They should make a cock vibrator to put in your boxers that buzzes every time one of your call contracts hits 20+% on the day
I did this at close yesterday and regretted it this morning
Looks like very light volume, you can easily manipulate this stock when the float is so small and the volume very light. I wouldn't expect much of a move until next week
Bears are fukkkkk
[deleted]
Last trading day of 2020 tomorrow: sell off or moon?

I don't know. Probably low volume bullshit just liek today.
Because Tesla needs to reach $3450 to go up 500%. Nio needs to hit $250, which is muuuuuuch more reasonable when you consider Nio has much more potential for Asian EV sales and room for growth. I just don't see Tesla being able to reach the same level of growth as Amazon in the same amount of time. The everyday person cannot afford Tesla products and will not be able to for a while. The reason why Amazon has been so succesful is because literally anyone and everyone can use their service there are no price barriers. That's just my two cents.
What is the deal with all the helicopters I keep seeing on all the trading reddits?
[deleted]
There was DD on MP when it was still around $22 talking about the importance of rare earth metals. Then it got buried by the other garbage spam. Now we see how it jumped up
Should I average down on my 2/19 NET 90c now?
ITS A JOKE
Honestly incredible how quickly it happened. Thought I was having a stroke listening to wsbsynth
🙏
Cartcoin mooning
The f-bombs with the accent is amazing.
That's the spirit. Revenge stock buy. A completely new concept.
RH, and it's a margin acct. My current equity is $48,756 and im using $8,161 of margin. I've noticed it before but never worried about it, there is a "Today's Day Trade Limit". I'm pretty sure I went over that which is why I received the "day trade call". I think what happened is that I paid the day trade call after midnight on tuesday and I probably wasn't technically allowed to trade again until wednesday. Since I did trade, they restricted me from buying anything for 90 days. I'm trying to get RH to remove the restriction cause It's stupid..
WHATS THE TICKER
This is the way
Plane
How heavy is your bag?
There might be a market for fuel cells with trucks for awhile. Toyota has had a production fuel cell vehicle for years and it's gone no where. It was simply a compliance vehicle. 

Battery technology only has large potential for improvement. Fuel cell tech has no where near the improvement potential. There are fundamental physical limitations to fuel cell efficiency for the lifecycle of hydrogen from production to electricity production in the car. Just look at the energy density increase of batteries over the last 10 years, which has been compounded by an overall decrease in cost.

The only thing hydrogen has is range and filling convenience (these are already overstated, I love being able to just charge at home overnight). Both of which are also solvable problems with evs.
I accidentally bought a NIO call instead of selling a NIO call yesterday.

This is how idiots like myself win at the stock market.
I think I'm about to become a full-time EXPC shill.  

Pay is good, and then there's the "get to the choppa" memes
AMD and NVDA not cucking me for once, how lovely
I admire DASH's cute 140 resistance... its a free fall once this is broken
FYI 2 I believe we should see $40 in the next 6 months
Lmao first time seeing this
well ppl have different reasons for different shit. I have a 500k loss cause of a dumbass financial advisor I once trusted (had to have a gun stuck down his throat). I wanna buy a second apt in NYC and I gotta get past a co-op board so I actually wanna move that number down
Yup meme power is gone and money will go into things like AMZN, AAPL the real beasts
B N G O with the casual 60% drop since highs
NET 12/31 83.5 ????
Thanks for the well though out comment. Even still, for a stock like ge, I'd rather wait for a reversal and jump on the hype train; the stock has a history of disappointment.
Forward looking
To the upper atmosphere!
S3XY
Mitch the kind of guy to buy calls on bond ETFs.
Proof you date models
Sorry EV *and charging stations. China and Europe
Thank you
Just roll at higher strike  or buy them back if not much loss. NIO may go up in Jan. This isn’t financial advice so use your own judgement.
Imagine selling Apple
GeT ReaDy FoR ThE ShOrT SquEEZE
Just sell stock to get the proceeds to short with
18$ Jan 8th
LMND puts I am just testing whoever is reading this ans parsing WSBs for ideas against us**
30,000 1/20/2023 $3 puts for CLF bought today. What the fuck?
If you like tendies:

APPS 1/15 80c
Lets go GME to the moon baby 🚀
[deleted]
"then we'd kiss" *
This is the way. Would go even higher if it becomes available TBH 🚀🚀
I meant proof for models
its up 500% in like 3 months lol. was trading at 8 on OTC
Industrials trading at 23-25 *forward* p/e is fucking insane.
Still down on the net calls I bought after that 10% down day, but atleast I’m now down for the day 🤷‍♂️
NET forgive me father for doubting your vibe
Tesla is light years ahead of these other cars in its tech and no one will catch up them
welp, QS either shits the bed royally today or makes a nice 180 back to 105.. truly hoping for the latter so my lotto can print
Okay NET onward to 90
[deleted]
Jeff's fat cok
I am way too over leveraged on Chinese car companies I know fucking nothing about
Tyrion Lannister?
Never sell the Golden egg $GNOG
Nobody thinks that guy is real. And that post is definitely not the reason we are buying Gamestop. Sorry 🐻
Data analytics is obviously a good money-maker but I have never once heard any good argument for why Palantir is any better than the hundreds of other data analytics companies out there.
GME just got $5 added to it's squeeze.
So what you’re saying is, buy more NIO!
[https://olui2.fs.ml.com/Publish/Content/application/pdf/GWMOL/ME-year-end-tax-planning-guide.pdf](https://olui2.fs.ml.com/Publish/Content/application/pdf/GWMOL/ME-year-end-tax-planning-guide.pdf)
What strike and date my dude?
Making me rock hard rn
I want it to crash again so people stop talking about it
They can after merger. But basically they are legally required to hold $10 per share in a treasury in preparation for a merger. If you have 1 share and a merger doesn't go through, they liquidate and you get $10.  Doesn't matter if you paid $10.01 or $15 for that share.

Except companies still break the law so rarely it does go down, but this is illegal and definitely the exception to the rule.
[deleted]
[deleted]
FYI I started accumulating in September at 7$, half of my gains this year come from holding GME shares and playing the dips
A drop from 700 to 680 or some shit isn’t really a drop tho
fuck off
It did pretty well on it’s own yesterday. Of course, market overlords made sure to fix that right away this morning. I mean, right away-9:30:00001AM.
As if short sellers have done pure dd, the same guy said sell disney stock
Gotta keep the kids entertained over the winter break
That's an odd way to spell GME
Printing
Can we get a mod to actually ban the helicopter pump and dumpers? Thanks!
ban
Hold.
Don't pick on the elderly especially if drugs are keeping them alive.
Here's a relevant section

Gains. For gains, there is one rule that covers both long and
short positions—the gain is recognized for federal income tax
purposes on the trade date
Shit dude, take this down. You're gonna get downvoted to hell. This is a casino...
🔋🔪
I’m legitimately in it for the memes. I have a stop limit set for just above my entry point, and a stop limit set at some absurd number ($74?) and I’ll just ride it out until one or the other happens (or I get bored)
LMND $135
JD thrusting higher
PLTR day coming..
gme can suck my balls, and I haven't showered
In for 10 $75Cs expiring tomorrow.
Let us know how it goes. I've been curious on same day exp spy options
Why would people sell these profit stocks? Do you think they want to pay taxes to feed America instead of holding next 2 days and sell them in 2021 so that they can avoid taxman for next 14-15 months on those gains.
I second this. 

Mods, ban the OP for being so far off the spectrum he thinks he is the only one in on the joke.
I bought today C 6 18 @ .79. Only bought 2 contracts because I have no idea what im doing. Always time to buy more at 6 months out. Wish me luck.
sad but true
Look two or three months out as deep into the money as you can. Might have to pay a little over  the limit. Mine were like 100 over the limit but already green
Lolololol
ok... but do u think CSPAN is a bad spac choice or 🚀🚀🚀?
Whats a Zaza and a cha-cha
AntiDirty Spark at it again with the melt up. sucks its a banned ticker. Shit really has been printing since $2.50 and its a tech company
DASH is going to pop off soon
3% of shares are short which for a stock that is supposedly at its current ceiling that’s a little odd.
What do you think of trying to time the pop with $25c 1/15?  Looks like its been consolidating for awhile.
I mean he’s not wrong. Tesla will inevitably drop eventually, just not now.
Hookers and blow for us brother
SuRpRiSeD nOoNe iS tALkiNg aBouT ⚡🚁yet... /s
Wonder how successful it would be to just randomly pick a stock every week to buy a call and swing trade it, can't be word than what I'm currently doing
[removed]
REEeeee
When is the next ark earnings call?
Disney+ app with 2.3 mil installs over the Christmas weekend. Damn son.
Listening to morons about stupid stocks is an expensive way to learn not to listen to morons about stupid stocks.
Feels like the alt season in 2017 lmao
That´s the thin line between retardation and autism.
Fax
so many pump and dumps now. its sad
The data is showing that there are no buyers of that trash past 20 so now the children that bought the top have to spam or they will panic sell like they always do
LMND short squeeeeeeze
Seems likely - meme power is gone and they will actually have to perform
⚡️🚁
ban
[deleted]
Mitch got a 🤏 penis
Get out then, nobody’s forcing you.
Hi sir 

I lost 10k holding the same strikes.

I bought at 6.10 at the top. 

May god bless and hold you.
Don‘t miss out on NET
Full value two months ago.
🌈🐻
Country of residence? The Moon
Or take out a loan and use my credit cards for tesla calls and sleep behind the Wendys.
You're speaking to a retard here, curb your expectations.
google the words I said or read this merril lynch tax planning guide and search for "trade" and "settlement" and it will explain. Obviously short positions and options that haven't expired yet are different. But If I sell my NIO tmw for a profit, that will count for 2020

https://olui2.fs.ml.com/Publish/Content/application/pdf/GWMOL/ME-year-end-tax-planning-guide.pdf
So glad I sold nio @ 43.90 yesterday 🤡🤡🤡🤡
Calls on shilling
Ya gain is capped, won't make those DDable big ass gains 

But it would make things less stressful and miserable won't it ?
Everyone is getting their $600 stimi and plowing it into a share of TSLA.  Wise choice, boys.
Is Cathy buying more ZM? This thing is still trading at $350 with all good vaccine news.
Probably. Will buy dip lol
So GOEV is going to close green? 😳🙏🏼
Ahh gotcha, very interesting. I agree with your DD, might pick up some soon.
You guys drinkin hooch? That white lightning? That real mountain dew?
Where do you keep track of steel prices since you say you will start selling if the prices are flat for more than 60 days? Is it here https://investing.com/commodities/us-steel-coil-futures-historical-data?
No stock keeps going straight up without pull backs. GME is super heavy shorted, so these pull backs will be even larger. If you buy short timed calls you get completely destroyed. Shares is the way with GME
Don't invest in anything you don't understand
QS > RSM
Bill Pershing to take WSB public
Greetings good sir could you please tell me what ur next paperhand move is
2021 prediction. Tesla bleeds all year.
Entire portfolio green 😍
Requesting an AMA w/ someone that has bought anything (a share, a call) w/ AMZN. At this point SPY & QQQs could go up 10% and not sure if AMZN would move
Won’t drop to $15, maybe $17
Have you even read the short report?
Theres no gravity on mars
the answer is almost always no
Yeah I’m actually confounded by the lack of gratitude some of these retard have. The DD is there, updated regularly for our neurotic asses, you either agree with the thesis or you don’t.
[deleted]
how so? today is lockup expiration so shouldnt the drop be expected ?
No GME? no PLTR? no MP? 

MODS! BAN! PERMABAN!
Nope - overvalued and went public at the peak of the mortgage market. Only downies from here
Whomever did this deepfake do pans labyrinth and mcconnell next
NET about to explode. Get in now. 🚀 🚀 🚀 💦💦💦
BEETCOIN EXPLODING
2020 was a weird year
[removed]
[removed]
$BAGHLDR
didn't know you were a teacher grading my presentation
Nice work, will keep an eye on this.
No
[deleted]
Life is good when I see green
Why is UPS down?
You literally just invested in the biggest Tech stocks in the world lol. I’m not saying it’s a bad strategy, just not very degenerate-like.
[deleted]
Oh Romeo, Romeo why the fuck are you going down
[deleted]
I airbnb an apartment and I'm already 50% booked for next year starting in April. Travel explosion will be real.
Burry is short TSLA. I wonder what he thinks TSLA will drop to
Does baba continue to climb tomorrow... or should I sell?
I've been trading lean hogs now for a long time, yessir, long time.

And I'm just about beside myself with glee when I take delivery of 'em.  All them hogs, wrastlin about, gleaming in the noon day sun.

Gonna set em loose at the nations capital, yessir.  Show em the value of the real, tangible asset that is lean hogs, thousands of em.

Can you see it, boys?
[removed]
What about robot fuckdolls?
NIO touching the go spot.
What are y’all realistically holding GME till? I see a bunch of retards saying they will hold it till like $200 and a bunch that say they will sell at $30
[deleted]
You know its a slow news day when Bode Miller gets air time on CNBC
Fuck I love ICLN. It had two little baby red days to recharge and now shits back on the pump train
Also you can only sell it short on an uptick today some curb's in effect
I got 1300 to dump into my IRA on Jan 1 

I'm doing- XYLG, ICLN, and QQJ

And I got that 600 stimmy on MVIS leaps 2022
Seems like a lot of euphoria goin on
Inverse yourself
Literally most of us haven’t even gotten that puny check yet
Not falling for the bait on this one.
The nav is a price that the spac will redeem a share for, so $10 is a floor for the actual value. Market action can drop the price under 10 but it usually doesn't last due to funds buying commons under 10 for free money.
Was it manipulation when it went up 120% in less than a month?
i wonder if pltr will follow a similar pattern as snow and fubo on lockup expiration. both of them shits tanked hard.
Ban this hoe
[removed]
[deleted]
None of these are 🚀. Please leave.
If MGNI breaks $33 we are going to Saturns moon.
Trading secrets are only good for being able to spend your time sourcing coke and escorts, so its the same shit.
[removed]
That's funny as shit
I’m surprised not many people have been talking about JOE here.
*Drake meme*
Wrong
*Morgan Freeman voice* "... it was in fact, a pump n dump."
Made a light $216 today off of (4)240c 1/8/21
IV rising on SLV calls
Most likely going to see NIO @ 50 and TSLA @ 695-700 during power hour. 

Strap in lads!
The market cap is 1.6 billion in an industry that is generating \~200 billion a year in revenue so if hypothetically they can grab even 1% of that revenue the share price has room to EASILY 10X. The bear thesis is just a bunch of dumbasses saying things that dont make sense like our retarded friend up here\^
DKNG LEAPS 🙌🧀☺️
1 minute before closing Bears gonna be like "Just wait, the rug is going to be pulled today!!!"
"Everyone else is wrong, and anyone who doesn't think like me is an idiot". Thanks, Hitler.
Get tf out of here
If a fake internet currency hitting 30k a piece doesn’t signal that this asset bubble is out of control then wtf will 😳
Wsb comment quality is at its lowest point. Bot infeststion?
I smell a TSLA ath 👃👃👃
[deleted]
This is what I'm wondering too.. I'd probably order a spicy tender Sandie from chikafil
Stopped buying $SQ calls for this exact reason. Now I just write calls and buy more shares whenever it goes through its random 3-5 day corrections
tsla shorts here?
Yes spreads will prevent theta and vega damage in exchange for gains - it's now capped
Tomorrow is going to be a blood bath. Quarterly rebalancing of institutional investors.
How disappointing.
I don't think so. It's a risky play for sure though.
[removed]
OMG, seriously? Mr. Fuld doesn't exist? Is that a conspiracy theory? Do you also believe that Dr. Parik Patel, BA, CFA, ACCA Esq. is a fictional character? That's a huge revelation.
Why do you hate money?
What do you use to track support/resistance and trends? Im new to this and trying to learn more and more
Nah don’t say that
Can't believe fubo is being manipulated to this extent
Ban!
us & electric is the present cave men & fire
im going through this thread and I'm crying. Holy fuck
what’s the ev heli stock
It's a new bragging place to replace Facebook. Short FB, long r/wsb, to the moon.
I unfortunately bought in yesterday morning and averaged up PM today so i’m barely up today, but i’m holding these shares forever. It’s still a steal right now.
Whip it out bro

⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠟⠛⢉⢉⠉⠉⠻⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿ ⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠟⠠⡰⣕⣗⣷⣧⣀⣅⠘⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿ ⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠃⣠⣳⣟⣿⣿⣷⣿⡿⣜⠄⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿ ⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠁⠄⣳⢷⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⣝⠖⠄⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿ ⣿⣿⣿⣿⠃⠄⢢⡹⣿⢷⣯⢿⢷⡫⣗⠍⢰⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿ ⣿⣿⣿⡏⢀⢄⠤⣁⠋⠿⣗⣟⡯⡏⢎⠁⢸⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿ ⣿⣿⣿⠄⢔⢕⣯⣿⣿⡲⡤⡄⡤⠄⡀⢠⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿ ⣿⣿⠇⠠⡳⣯⣿⣿⣾⢵⣫⢎⢎⠆⢀⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿ ⣿⣿⠄⢨⣫⣿⣿⡿⣿⣻⢎⡗⡕⡅⢸⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿ ⣿⣿⠄⢜⢾⣾⣿⣿⣟⣗⢯⡪⡳⡀⢸⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿ ⣿⣿⠄⢸⢽⣿⣷⣿⣻⡮⡧⡳⡱⡁⢸⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿ ⣿⣿⡄⢨⣻⣽⣿⣟⣿⣞⣗⡽⡸⡐⢸⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿ ⣿⣿⡇⢀⢗⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⣞⡵⡣⣊⢸⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿ ⣿⣿⣿⡀⡣⣗⣿⣿⣿⣿⣯⡯⡺⣼⠎⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿ ⣿⣿⣿⣧⠐⡵⣻⣟⣯⣿⣷⣟⣝⢞⡿⢹⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿ ⣿⣿⣿⣿⡆⢘⡺⣽⢿⣻⣿⣗⡷⣹⢩⢃⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿ ⣿⣿⣿⣿⣷⠄⠪⣯⣟⣿⢯⣿⣻⣜⢎⢆⠜⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿ ⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡆⠄⢣⣻⣽⣿⣿⣟⣾⡮⡺⡸⠸⣿⣿⣿⣿ ⣿⣿⡿⠛⠉⠁⠄⢕⡳⣽⡾⣿⢽⣯⡿⣮⢚⣅⠹⣿⣿⣿ ⡿⠋⠄⠄⠄⠄⢀⠒⠝⣞⢿⡿⣿⣽⢿⡽⣧⣳⡅⠌⠻⣿ ⠁⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠐⡐⠱⡱⣻⡻⣝⣮⣟⣿⣻⣷⣏⣾⢰⣈
BIG DICK play. 

GS came out yesterday and put a PT of 70 and said they might smash earnings. SNAP shot up 10% and then came down because the market shit it’s pants. So it’s really an earnings play. It’s up 93% in 3 months. So hopefully a run up and earnings smash. But just a 1K play.
MRNA has been bleeding like a stuck pig for the past few weeks
Clovis mooning 🚀🌝
That's not how this sub works. You DO stupid shit and then tell us. DONT ask if something is stupid or not. You're fucking retarded for even asking.
[deleted]
Here to drink delicious retard tears when GME drops to less than $15 soon, it's going to be glorious 😂

I mean, a brick and mortar game business in an age of increasing digitalization, commercial real estate collapsing, and Amazon dominance...

What exactly is the path to profitability here? 🤔

Meanwhile, I'm over here swimming in TSLA tendies, as I continue to suckle on Papa Elon's teet Been doing it for over a year 🤑
THIS JUST IN ELECTRIC HOT AIR BALLOON IPO FRESH ON THE MARKET, ticker: RTRD
What is B N G O and why was it up over 100% today?
I bet you’re the type who whines about tsla profits too
Thanks for the non-moronic reply!
It's open but for some odd reason the only thing you are allowed to buy is GME shares. Guess you better go all in
I’ll get downvoted but thx bro
I know another person that is pumping this that isn't real.... DYOR
E X P (see)
What if PLTR actually goes up and I make money on my call?
A year ago gamestop was $6
Today is $19
If you do the math, it means that the stock has gone up, it's a simple process. The meme is explaining this, but you don't understand (or are way too paperhand to understand) so I explained for u in simple terms
it literally is. swiss german is  🤮
Entire market has to tank for IWM to go down, right?
Has anyone else noticed that the number of figures in your net worth can be rated on the same scale as your pp size in inches?

If you’ve got 3-4, you’re a shrimpy boy

If you’ve got 5-6, you’re pretty average

If you’ve got 7-8, you’re doing really well

If you got 9+ you’re a king
AAPL is going to tear buttholes apart come the new year. $150 next week.
🌈🐻‘s Mad
E X P C, thank me later
Sir this is a Wendy’s
Proof
That's it, I'm teaching my kids how to do fraud
Nope
Stop asking about SPAC trash - it’s a coordinated pump and dump
Anyone know why the fuck PFE is down after releasing the vaccine, I have lost so much fucking money from it.
Expc- Uber with electric helicopter
Needs to fall another 20-30 for me.
[removed]
[deleted]
What's up with all the gold awards?
Well that’s just like your opinion man
Uber has the completely unprofitable taxi side though that won’t work until vehicles are autonomous... that brings value down imo. Also their service is crap and their fees are way higher for food delivery. 

Dash can be profitable already if they weren’t expanding so quickly
Market manipulation towards people buying more shares? Seems like a good thing in my book 🚀
SIR THIS IS A TESLA
Just checked yahoo. How tf can you have 69m outstanding with 68m short?
Why would u get stimmy if u don't pay taxes?
Where'd these hulk dildos come from? I've actually been working for once
I know steel is supposed to be a feb-ish play and I'm all good with my calls but my god what a boring industry of stocks to watch. Price move sooooo slow.
Its due to their dividend that they payed out, it messed with all the strikes
Care to explain?
Ok bot.
Did you actually spy any decent ones? Looked yesterday morning, but the spreads were insane.  Felt like some people were in denial... lol
Mitch McConnell look like he work at Gringott’s
can someone explain the whole 'spacs don't go below $10' thing? i'm super confused. i put a fair amout of money into one... but it's boring a flat... do you think CSPAN will 🚀🚀🚀?
Wtf is wsb syth
not even well formatted.
I did ok with day trading and it’s very exciting but now I just hold shit and it makes money.
its a scam
RKT gonna meme in the new year. 90% owned by institutions. 30% short float. Hasn’t had any news since last earnings and has been range bound. One catalyst and it’s going to squeeze to Uranus.
RMG - 😑
Vix creeping 👀
it ipod via spac so that was all pre merger activity
Massive interest too
☝🏾This guy knows.  I was literally shit scared reading one of the article from Forbes ~ https://www.forbes.com/sites/andygreenberg/2013/08/14/agent-of-intelligence-how-a-deviant-philosopher-built-palantir-a-cia-funded-data-mining-juggernaut/

I got all of my investments tie to this company because money is money and I know this company will 🚀
Thoughts on arkw vs arkk? Maybe hold evenly? What are people's thoughts
Eat my dongus you fuckin nerd.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
You should sticky this! Looks good.
The weight
Gay and ban
The slogan of Navy Nukes lol.
google "trade or settlement date for tax purposes" and read the first 150 results and get back to me
[deleted]
My wife and all her friends never shut up about Pinterest. She just bought me a $300 hidden gun safe on Pinterest.

I’m in and I wish I would’ve trusted myself this summer and bought in.
Oh you know it. Just like the Lumber Liquidators incident.
GME calls and shares here.
Hmm China or us?
I just want to buy at $100 lol
Taint a bot
Your second sentence all day long.  My CPA was like "you're going to get crushed in Short Term gains on all these options".. Bro.. I will walk away with $100k in my pocket, TF do I care about paying uncle sam his..
APHRIA has started its run going into earnings 🚀🚀
GME fighting for green EOD
Lolol my jan calls are screwed. Fml
What’s the 🚁 ticker bitches?
E X P (see)
Did I hear $PLTR to the🌕 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Ban this 🚁 shit
This flat ICLN bullshit is letting theta burn by butthole
At this point, Tesla is just an arbitrary gambling chip. It’s basically 👾🪙
What post are you referring to?
Wait a few days so he can mortgage his house as collateral too.
Damn i think the only real autist here is u for making an entire post about it
REITs on WSB? Well, I guess it IS 2020 for another couple of days
Pltr... just let me get out from where I jumped in...
Fuck ⚡️🚁 we ride 🚀 around here
[deleted]
Yesterday morning's dip says hi
So won't that be safer given the current environment where predicting a fall is hard but market lingers around top for a lot of time
Just did
Some of you guys are pretty cool, don't come to the market tomorrow.
Poor peoples, lol.
When is the electric oil IPO?
EOS energy is the next big renewable grid battery storage market play.
I'm seeing 12/30 expiry not 12/31
I'm talking about real bounty hunting not that pussy shit. Hunts that will end up in a shootout.
[deleted]
He could post the link in a comment for even more karma
Nvidia fuck you you decide to pump right after I sold my calls -.-
You're def not a TSLA 🐻. Thier shit is getting pushed in
they made it so obvious lol
STOP SPAMMING ⚡ 🚁 IT IS BEING READ OUT ON WSBSYNTH AND IT'S CRINGE
YeAh!! Let’s fuk them in the ass!!
dumbest shit i have ever heard of, make sure you sell before merger
[removed]
[deleted]
lolwut
I have 300 shares at $19.81 and I’m gonna hold/add to it for years
Are they a Russian spac?
It's garbage.
Anyone bought the DRIV etf? It’s for autonomous and electric vehicles. Last 2 months has seen a huge increase in volume and July calls (furthest dated) are super cheap.
*'Those who play foolish games with them that run game most divine, shall increase in the fools rewards... and lo unto thee fool, for whomst they shall come to pass, and pass thine wife amongst them.'*
Nio getting charged up 🚀🚀🚀
So many spam posts. Is this place even moderated anymore?
At first look, sure you're right where it comes from but you gotta take into account the realities of some of those. 1) Aviation, we simply cannot electrify that because of the power density demand, long term it may never become electrified and we have a much better chance of just recapturing carbon in a way that it can be used by jets (this has recently been done in a lab, we just need to scale up). 2) Like other people mentioned, natural gas is pretty fucking green, at first it seems sill because you're burning the fuel, but natural gas is something like 20-50x times worse for the atmosphere and global warming in its natural state than it's burnt up state, google it if you don't believe me. 3) Comrade here is focusing on the fact that we need an EXEMPLARY large amount to HVDC lines, we're talking the kind of power lines that are braided cord inches thick on top of the big fucking towers few hundred feet tall. 4) The big dense city centers where people will have the majority of these electric cars don't have space for these huge solar or wind farms but will need massive amounts of power so we're talking about an intense amount of work in a very short time frame, not just the largest companies capable of doing this work around the clock, but multiple companies at the top working like their life depended on it.
Some of the hardest trades for me (that I've gotten better about) is when I enter a position and proceed to have it drop 15-20% or something in a short while thereafter.

I pick specific entries, usually.  And to be quite wrong about it makes you question all your assumptions.

Usually, the right thing to do in this situation (not always, because you're going to be wrong a lot of times) is to double your position.

I had this happen with GME... my first re-purchase (after having all my $2.72 shares called away on a CC at $5.50, which I thought was not possible) in late May was like $4.80+.  And then it dropped below $4.  I was only able to bring my cost basis down to $4.24 by adding a bunch of shares when it was below $4.  I should have 4x'ed it.  But, my point is, my entry was too high, and I was really wrong, initially.

And I also took a huge effing loss going short CVNA at $120 earlier in the year.  I'm short again now (at $290) and this fucker is going to give me back all my losses.

I took a huge loss on a BYND short last year, because of a bad entry (short at $96 and watched it go to $240... I finally covered when it came back down to $140).

It's really damn hard to short any of these ridiculous meme stocks, because the price is fully detached from any fundamentals.
A lot of times, it’s not about the money. I just want to be right
good for you, I am
Do you see the red candles that pop up every day? Those are from people selling. Welcome to the stock market.

If you sell 100 shares at 20, that is 1 more share you can buy at $19.
You should be buying amzn
Buy square!! So my calls could keep printing
Anyone in SMG?Feeling strong
All words are "codes" for their definition lol
hydrogen powered
Finally an article that was not funded by Citron and JP Morgan
🌈
This isn’t how it works 🤦‍♂️
The fact it has only just appeared and now there's loads of people spamming it is a bit sus 🤔
Napkin
Abnb is going to be $500+ this time next year, everyone is going to want to get the fuck away this summer and beyond. Crazy value at this level
You got puts or something?
think its e x p c
pump and dump on electric helis
Early to Mid Jan $28 calling it
EV charging stations
[deleted]
as I always say, I date models for a reason ;)
SSPK goin' straight for $13 huh. Alright then.
SQ premiums haven’t improved much since this morning.
Lightening Copter Gang wya?
[removed]
Positions?
Nah Im holding 2/19 cause Im not retarded
Could easily be the other way around.
EXPC russian bots coming out the woodworks wtf
seems like people suggested degiro to you already, but yea. Use degiro. they're good.  


Honestly man if you couldn't spend 15 minutes on the internet researching which brokers are the cheapest and available in our country, you probably shouldn't be trading? I dunno, just a hunch. 

&#x200B;

also cheers from switzerland buddy. glad to see one of us.
Assmuncher
flying cars are the future. EV are the future.  EV helo
Y’all see electric anything and throw money at it. Talm bout “electric hot air balloon yolo all in” smh
famous last words
not bots, look into it ⚡️🚁 gang
Somehow wsb hasn’t discovered the EXP(see) merging with Blade. An electric helicopter company
Old enough that my CB for AAPL is $12.63 (2013). 

XLI also 2013; XLK 2015

It’s my IRA and I’m not super active but after finding this irreverent bunch of misfits a few weeks ago, I got swept up in it all and bought a small position in GME so I could share the tendies with y’all
So my dads account is down something like 90% this year...he falls for pump and dumps on stocktwits sadly....should I tell him to YOLO what he has left into GME $20 Jan 8s for some chance of recovery? haha
[deleted]
shillers be shilling
Well I figured that much. 😂
Thanks for setting us straight chuck embargo
Shut your goddamn stupid face. If it doesnt make me money, then don't post it here.
❤️
[deleted]
Why?
you have to hate tendies to not buy NIO in runup to NIO day [🚀](https://emojis.wiki/rocket/#:~:text=Meaning%20of%20%F0%9F%9A%80%20Rocket%20Emoji,user%20is%20determined%20to%20fulfill.)[🚀](https://emojis.wiki/rocket/#:~:text=Meaning%20of%20%F0%9F%9A%80%20Rocket%20Emoji,user%20is%20determined%20to%20fulfill.)
You living under a rock?  Its gme time.
🌽 📈
I’m finally green on the day that feels nice after dropping like 6% the last couple lol
[deleted]
[deleted]
How much $$$ you got?
Why buy at highs and sell low only to miss the pump? The entire DD relies on people holding shares so if your strategy is to day trade GME your both idiotic and ignoring the entire reason to buy GME.
50 shares but I'm gonna build my position more with long calls too
GME coming back get in retards!
Wait till you get broke and see an investment that you just can't resist that sweet sweet money from your retirement money seems to just be waiting to be multiplied. And then *Poof! it's gone.*
EXPC bruh
Sweet! I’m going to attempt to screenshot 694.20 today.
the new pump and dump
What is so special about PLTR that more people would be talking about it than TSLA
What if it's a shitpost
Covid has been cleaning up their balance sheet.
2 awards? Probably the 2 founders
No pltr...amateurish
Wait till tomorrow morning and then decide. NIO always dips at open like crazy.
Fuck it I’m in
I’m gonna have to say no..
Dweeb
As I said, it’s a discussion on a serious topic. The only reason this subreddit got popular this year was because of the 🏳️‍🌈🐻raid and their downfall.
120k share sell well for Tesla @ 700 lol.
try poor for the rest of life
Why were their shares for under a dollar and spiked up to $20 and so forth? Can you shed some light on what happened there?
What is it what it do
There would barely be any posts at that amount. I feel like 5,000-7,500 minimum gain/loss would be a good medium for posts.
🐍
pump and dump
[removed]
Yes. Half day.
Riot got dat price price action...IV never goes below 130%
do it
TSLA price doesn't make sense?????

that's a fresh take, you should get a job with the financial times
I'll regret going to SF/NY because it's too cold or too liberal?   


I pray you're not talking about the mba.
Tesla's valuation isn't correct, but it is what it is and people still buy it regardless of knowing it's overvalued.
Food ❌

Rent ❌

Bills ❌

Healthcare ❌

Yolo FDs ✔️
I loaded up on baba at 215. But have been holding bags since 290. They were confirmation bias :)
[deleted]
somehow a wrong assumption got into yall brains

taxes count for trade day, not settlement day if you're in the USA. Meaning ppl can still sell stock tmw to apply to 2020. 

So short term pops like NIO and TSLA ain't gonna last here. Tmw will be red. 

Please google something like trade or settlement date for taxes if you don't believe me.
Guys if we all bought a couple nio shares rn we can send it past the 48 wall straight to valhalla grow some fucking nuts and think of your fellow wsb weekly holders
I could buy the Tesla and SQ dip yesterday. Instead I fomod into moderna and baba
Needs moar calls
Its beyond retarded seeing this much speculation with GME. "So much quality DD" literally zero quality DD for GME. Every post is some made up retarded rant about how much the short interest in and how much "Melvin" capital has and all this retarded shit they literally have no clue about. The idiots won't even read it bc they don't know what they are looking at. Pathetic. Its the kind of shit people would laugh at in the past and "inverse wsb" now its just embracing the smooth brained
thanks for this. :)
Ok Zoomer

https://mobile.twitter.com/oatmeal/status/1197928963764473856?lang=en
I don't feel so good Mr. Cook
Expc, it's a spac sooo be careful
[deleted]
Worst case = you lose an amount equal to difference between 2 strikes - premium (in the case of credit spread)
[deleted]
A little slow today. Increased my position in g m e. Haters gonna hate.
Roku time
You got proper played, son.
Yea, Buy low though
Gives you two days for the market to react. Also if you buy LEAPS there’s a tax incentive
After a while, it's just numbers.
EXPC
[removed]
These degenerates sold it when it was at 420.69. What do you expect?

Luckily I managed to get a screenshot of it at 420.69
No one rides in fucking 🚁 since Kobe. Electric or not. Fake and 🌈
[deleted]
Thanks, likewise. Plenty of resources in r/options and Youtube to learn about options in general, Greeks, trading strategies, etc. VALE calls are cheap because its volatility is low, i.e. big moves are unexpected. There is a lot of open interest (bought options) in $19-$21 Mar-19 calls which are still relatively cheap, and a $1 move in VALE translates to a 50% gain. However, in case of VALE, $1 move is a pretty big one. :)
[deleted]
Can't get taxed if you don't sell
“If”
Wait, so Fidelity is shady too?
Napkin
Be greedy when people are fearful. 

99.7% of shares unprofitable right now. No profit taking. Average cost basis is $175. Average price target is $165.
Huge bearish and short sentiment that will be squeezed on any good news. 

They have 51% of the delivery market share and I use them daily. Their competitors are all fucking dogshit, I’ve tried them all.
current meme-portfolio:
374 shares of PSTH ($26.22)
650 shares of CRSR ($38.65)
1485 shares of GME ($21.00)

am I doing this right?
SPY $373 Calls 12/31 are cheap (<$0.80) considering market usually ends year on a high
you're guessing
This is the opposite of a flex. Where is the risk in this? Lmfao
[deleted]
Is the market open tomorrow ? Haven’t looked at stonks in months but need to buy some year long leaps please let a retard know
Give me a strike price and date im down
Mods, ban this brickwall. Fucker thinks we can read.
The fuck is lightening helicopter gang?
Not even a stock, it’s a warrant. :)
About 300 tendies
I’m not saying Walmart should run the world lol, and yes Amazon also intentionally doesn’t take profits. There is benefits to good relations with suppliers, customers getting things for cheap, and acquiring a bunch of new assets. Walmart def has the cash on hand to buy new tech, same as any other major company. Im also more bullish on AMZN than Walmart but to think WMT is undervalued is crazy to me.
Wtf ticker even is this
Wat u guys think bout Puts on RPAY?
So then that's what we will do.
People are just buying Tesla. 
Poppa Elon to #1 

Buy Tesla. Sell amazon.
Interesting
He can’t dump with his 401k because of a good faith credit. He’s explained it multiple times. He has to hold at least 2 full trading days. His average hold time is 20 days unless the spike up happens too fast
right on, that's why I wont purchase
It's so satisfying when you successfully buy the dip.
It might be where you live but here DASH is shit. Also, UBER has a market cap of $98B. DASH will not be no where near that.
wait you guys are getting gap ups?
Kobe gang!! 💥
Just need NOK to hit $4 by tm
What about an electric osprey?
It’s killing me too, been really painful to watch. But if we get an announcement then there’s every reason to think the pps will be far north of $140 and then you’ll more than make your money back
Might be harder for you to grasp but the definition is the definition so you can be wrong in "the real world" but alas, that's all there is too it
 ⚡️🚁 gang
Bots
Why would anyone sell TSLA before it reaches its destination of 694.20?
the more i read about ⚡ 🚁 the more i'm on board
There will be even more money on the sidelines when people need to sell to pay their taxes.
Mhm yes thank you
⚡️ 🚁 ticker pleas
The theta column says .02
More pump and dump trash
I don’t believe it either. Not on a large scale. Sure we’ll see smaller projects powered by battery, but not commercial airliners. About a realistic as the apple car.
POsitions or ban
Was this an article? All I fuckin saw was a bunch of 🚀🚀🚀. Journalists these days...
Said they might get bought out by Roche. 1/15/21 75c was his advice.
-160k rn
Oof y u do that
[deleted]
I wanted to throw some fds today
I went heavy into ARKF the second I heard they bought the BABA dip
Which one of you forgot to GME ? 🤨
You'd have to be literally retarded to think DASH is worth ~$45B.
🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀+2500🌈🐻🌈🐻🌈-2500
[deleted]
e^c
Hey gay boys if any of y’all need an airsoft gun I have an extra one I’m selling for the low 🔫
I mean - did you miss that the Company filed a shelf registration to sell shares?
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
you might have the gayest username in all of reddit, congrats
[deleted]
[deleted]
Expc!
Lol so you're saying the shorts have covered? Wrong.
#gimmethestimmy
More like <$25,000. Total waste of time otherwise.
Like the band Fistful of Assholes?
[deleted]
My shit hasn't moved in an hour, might as well be closed
[deleted]
ok mickey mouse go back upsies
It's pretty obvious Sleepy Joe is telling Wallstreet behind closed doors he will not raise taxes. Im finding it harder and harder to understand if Bloomberg Buisness is willfully retarded or actually retarded
👋
nah fuck that, the higher the short % the more dangerous it begins to get for shorts. yes, it technically drives the price down in the short term, but if GME really begins to take off, the higher the short % the higher the price will climb. so letting them borrow more and more shares is fine as long as the DD is good. I guess we will see what actually plays out
would Trump go full hellfire and create a wedge between him and Pence when Pence doesn't overturn election results? It would be quite a finale to it all.
Pretty sure CNBC had one of the hulk hogan brothers mention unusual option activity.
Better go deep
The Cybertruck is drop-dead gorgeous!! It's the best looking truck ever made. People who hate on it are close-minded boomers with no imagination.
I feel bill spacman will announce target in february, but january is possible. Thats why i am all in now, ok to be early, theres still run up gains to collect as well. Latecomers will miss out on 50%+ if they arent in before LOI
What is this u spac ban u speak of
[deleted]
Should have bought more ARCT calls
Shares sold short have only increased, you're right nothing is happening right now, shits trending sideways, 2% down, 4% up, 1% down, but the bears have built themselves up on a massive funeral pyre, shorts are 130% of float, and should Q4 be positive (which everyone is betting on) then the match will be struck and the flames will be intense.
we’ll see
I will suck all the MM's dicks if NET gaps up tomorrow
$600 stimulus clearing next week, what’s the play boys? Airpods max or ps5?
huge aapl 135 12/31 call volume. Anyone else have this position
Don't trade fucking weeklies you dumb ass lol

Weeklies are for day trades
48 is critical point today.
[deleted]
Oh god here we go, time to bag hold and spam electric helicopters now?
TSLA 750 12/31 lotto tickets cheap af
Nio making me shit the bed!
It sucks

PDT freedom double edged sword too I sell too fast now and my hands became more paper like
I truly don’t believe we’ll ever see electric planes in our lifetimes. Battery cells just can’t do it right?
That’s prostate cancer dude. Get a doctor to use his or her finger
Meanings and definitions change in the real world. No one considers the sciences as lib arts. Might be hard for you to grasp but that’s all there is to it
NET going back over $80 tomorrow, tempted to get some 1DTEs
NiO cabin crew,

 we are refueling for our next destination, 49.5

please dont panic.
You’ve now left atleast 2 good comments.
Someone forgot an M.  
$GME rocket 🚀 rocket 🚀
SSPK loading up for a take-off.
Damn good thing I got into NIO today.
380*
lol cinemas dead
[deleted]
Looks like he would be or is best friends with Mitch McRedDildo.
[deleted]
Idk man but I'm up 40% ever since last week
Fuck it. I just bought another 10 Calls ($20, 1/25 exp.) He can suck it!!!
 ⚡ 🚁  ⚡ 🚁  ⚡ 🚁  ⚡ 🚁  ⚡ 🚁
I stand corrected my good sir. I hadn't had my coffee and beg your pardon. *tips hat*
Pir
RIP lad. Going to be holding that one for a long while.
I’m gonna taunt you starting at 9:30am tommorow
Indeed.
"Stock market rises on anticipation of vaccine fueled recovery" Bullshit we rise because everyone is throwing trump bux in this hoe. everyday same bullshit reason from these companies
Yeah I'm out of it. Too much risk with a government beating them into submission since October and personally not crazy about their reported work with their intelligence services.
[removed]
Dropped today big and back to even. Wtf is going on?
I may be a gay bear most of the time but seriously lets fuck this guy up.
TSLA puts is like playing chicken with a freight train.
My god, do you hate money that much?
EV helicopters spac merging with blade still low before its inevitable rocket ride. E X P C
Any point in buying puts for tomorrow since it’s a short week? Will time decay fuck my contracts over?
if you don't like money then don't spend 30 seconds of your time reading it
lmao

That's a bit much on SNAP isn't it? 40% move in 8 weeks lol
Me. 2 Days and counting
Sounds s like you chase - stick to your gut and don’t sell bruh
That or a dead cat bounce, my initial thoughts was it was a bounce but it’s looking like we might run.
CRWG🚀🚀
At home. Where u at? You should buy 100 shares of AMCI though for real.
Same but you mean sell cc then yea
🏳️‍🌈🐻got FUCKED AND CUCKED. I was here too and making bank the entire time on the dips. I survived that round, I survived 2008, and I'll survive the next downturn. Know why? STONKS ONLY GO UP!

&#x200B;

Mods, ban this 🏳️‍🌈🐻
Embarrassing play
[removed]
[deleted]
Is power hour starting early????
Imagine being an intern for Cramer thinking you’ll learn his trading secrets but you just end up spending all your time sourcing coke and escorts for his harem
GRWG 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
🎈
Have fun eating subway
CRSR fits perfectly into the "who even fucking knows with this market" part lmao 😂
Wait
Lemme specify

Selling an ATM call and buying the next strike as defense

Tell me the worst case for this
Unless it doesn't go low and then you miss the run to 25
Electric helicopters will be MUCH more successful than electric planes. 

Source: am aircraft engineer
⚡️🚁 gang
[deleted]
[removed]
Fuck this guy. Guess I should add since my book is only 23% GME
I’m just sitting here watching TSLA moon smh. I keep saying it’s not going higher for the day and it just keeps mooning while the rest of my calls are red for the day.
Just loaded up on 690 puts expire tomorrow lmao
Thanks for the explanation!
Germany did the same thing with their printers for years, that’s how WW2 came to be. So unless you’d like to invest into $DRAFT I’d recommend we find another way out of the pit.
Has anyone done the research on how many shares would come to market after lockup period on PLTR?
Me in for 168 shares at the moment no contracts
This post has not aged well
Hopefully this minimizes the saturated posts that are less than $2,500 gain/loss
Imagine not having 80% of your portfolio in Tesla
Ya lol. I actually just bought puts for tomorrow out of frustration with it. Retarded?  Yes. Duh.
[deleted]
It's actually a real girl physically stabbing me. Bleeding over here.
Well we’re in this together. Shorts will demoralize even the best of us. They have a lot of money riding on this. Stay strong
Doesn’t Geoffrey have enough money?
wtf stops this ridiculous fucking thing?? its up 72% since NOV 1 ffs and then it was at a PE of 900 or some shit like that, hf when this blows it will scatter debris everywhere.
[deleted]
Hello, Margin. I'm Dad.
Why not both?
Spineless, sackless bitch

Grow a fucking pair
No, apparently i'm just real autistic and cant read.
I have way more than 4x the trust in AMZN to execute on their goals than WMT. Also, where is WMT's web services or streaming channel? LOL 

> an enormous profit if they wanted to

Wut? They don't want profits now but someday they might choose to? 

> haven’t even introduced much tech

Yeah, and adding tech has a ton of upfront costs!
Because fuck you that's why!
 ⚡️🚁  gang
[deleted]
😎😂
Very satisfying but doesn’t believe in day trading. It is possible my friend.
E X P C. EV HELICOPTERS spac
Just thought I’d mention that IV rn on TSLA is .69. 

Nice.
no tldr? mod please ban
Go easy on me man 😢

Thanks for the info tho
Not instantaneously, rarely strongly, and rarely any company in particular. And all the potent stuff is deliberately outside the reach of partisan officials. And there are lots of governments involved, but the Feds are by far the most important as most corporate regs, taxes, and lawsuits are in Federal jurisdiction. So it's silly to say red or blue states will gain in this or that industry in any significant amount.
Anything criticizing CCP is fake news huh?
https://imgur.com/a/1vJaqrc

🥺
[deleted]
I’ve got to be the best worst trader in the world. Every position that I paper hands out of 10x’s. This week was NIO and RIOT weeklies. PDT fucks up my decision making. GUH.
Ahh the buy high, sell low strategy
🔌🚁
New strain lowers antibody effectiveness very bullish
Price discovery 💖
covered call and credit spread are 2 different things
I honestly don't know yet. I just signed up yesterday so haven't collected anything yet. That's just what the document said that they sent me. Look into Etrade Fully Paid Lending program. I am using my solo 401k.
[removed]
NIO BOUT TO SLING SHOT THRU $48 LFG
Congratulations. I hate you.
Then I would play that side as well as insurance
If you know what PSTH is and you dont have a position then you are clinically retarded and should be collecting disability checks
Wow. You're fucking retarded, aren't you?
Slow and steady.
Really should be AMZN 3000 to make them buy lol
SE would love to see $200
Thatll print
[deleted]
Lmfao. This dude belongs here
Both probably
Lmao
[deleted]
Correction .. 1 week. It was 60/sh last Tuesday.
I don't have a huge position but I told myself I'm going to hold for 2 years minimum, so that's what I'm going to do
[deleted]
🚁 GANG
i loaded up 2 days ago at 133
For thousands of years, aristocrats have never bothered about earning a living. Only lower class people care about that.
Spy 370C 1/4?
if GME short squeezes I'll drink my own piss and eat my own shit for breakfast everyday.
China doesn’t like dissent
Rip
Just curious, how come you entered steel so early? Did you see this coming?
Shit would plummet for weeks if they did split tho
p/e ratios are great for normal companies. Most of the old guard tech/car companies are just focused on producing a slightly better version every year. They don't care about innovating or breaking barriers. Now this is okay for short term profits, but long term they'll be dead in the water, like GE, or mediocre like Intel or Boeing. 

Global warming and pollution are major problems, the best thing that we can do is invest in a company that's a market leader in Green technology.  

Tesla is also building factories all around the world, and they're not going to be able to produce enough vehicles for everyone who wants one until after they finish these factories. Once they start production for the: Simi, Roadster, and Cybertruck their revenue is going to increase significantly.
I still don't understand how you retards manage to lose money on a stock that is up like 150% in the last 2 months.
Shit yeah, rally time! 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Open interest
zapcopter?
Lol i just see you comment on everything GME related🤡
Where are you
Cause hospital beds.
Never a bad time
🐻
Back in the 5 figures club 😬 hopefully this time it lasts longer than 2 days
Buy shares instead. GE moves slowly, like a boomer
[removed]
jk
The trick is the abuse tsla options so you can buy more tsla
Yarp
Idk I see CNN blame trump for COVID much more than they blame China
Expc. Electric helicopters!!
[deleted]
AMAZON $3400!!!!!!!!!! algos reading this buy buy buy
so APHA and the weedstonks for another run up to the Senate runoff?
Now that’s a name I haven’t heard in a long time
[deleted]
This is the way
Rip
This is an investment site now.
GME
Lol true
5 by helicopter
[deleted]
God damn unusual whales killed this LMND call today. 300% and going.
even the crayon eaters would say lazr is still a buy here
[removed]
TSLA moon mission
You've been watching too many russia(not)today propaganda videos, haven't you? Because it definitely sounds a lot like their endless dumb bullshit on how $ is going to collapse and how it's taking the economy down with it. Russkies have been repeating that nonsense since 1960s and guess what's happened? Right.

But hey, if you're so damn sure $ is doomed and so is US economy, go ahead and buy balalaika ETFs, may21 vodka calls and pre order a deluxe edition of game changing os 'gulag windows' by the comrade stalin technologies inc.
PANIC SELL MARKET ORDER
I dumped TSLA and RIOT contracts a month ago to go into PLTR🤡
Yesterday for 12/31 48C at 0.3 so a quick 100%. Just playing with weeklies for some quick gains sinced i saw it bounced off 50MA. It was pure gambling. Moved to monthlies
I thoughts the parks were open?
⚡ 🚁
Gross buy NIO fool
Who’s holding PLTR?
I didn’t believe the market trained a whole new breed of top buying, dip buying, bag holding retards. But scanning around Yahoo & Stocktwits. People are still averaging down into Fubo. Maybe they know something I don’t.
[deleted]
Hear me out, now is the time to buy DASH. There is too much emotional bearish sentiment on them for no good reason. Fuck shitron. 

99.7% of shares unprofitable right now. No profit taking. Average cost basis is $175. Average price target is $165. Huge bearish and short sentiment that will be squeezed on any good news.

They have 51% of the delivery market share and I use them daily. Their competitors are all fucking dogshit, I’ve tried them all.

$100b company by next year.
thank you. Not gonna lie, i am retarded
amazon SPLIT UR STOCK
Electric....helicopters. Yes. EXPC gang! ⚡🚁
He's too dumb to do that, now he's back down

Edit: Youch! Down 100k again lmao 🤡🤡
Holy shit GAN
Is OI order interest?
How old is this portfolio? I’m quite surprised to see these gains with XLK and XLI
Good channel but weak ass YOLOs.
Get on tsla. Nothings stopping it from hitting 700
[deleted]
[deleted]
You’ve revealed yourself
Next meme: Electric God damn helicopters. Expc ⚡ 🚁
I was here when the 🐻🏳️‍🌈 dominated for a whole month. You should be very afraid if they return.
Joke's on you, NIO call holders bought in at such high IV that they need it to go to 60 to break even 😂😂😂
FUBO sounds like football but played in a south american prison
⚡🛩️
You retards realize that this is just a troll account using a pic of michael milken right?
Is it normal to get turned on by stocks? Asking for a friend
Thanks man! I opened a 180/182.5 spread at open and immediately put a 100% limit. I couldn't find it on my positions and was confused. Shit printed instantly. Sweet.
If you want a gamble, DASH puts are the move. About to crack 140 on the downside
Same dude.
GME about to take flight EOD just watch ho
I bought some jalapeno cheddar dip cuz of this sub.
I would
not a genius but I invest in genius people
Ya
Don't forget, daddy IRS will come repurpose some of those funds for you in 2021
I’m getting theta fucked 🤪
Mconnell unveils the new travis scott delux meal stimmy package with a free tsla toy
Another dip being bought. Shits getting old to be honest.
[deleted]
$GME
Msft calls?
Never buy options in the first 15 mins. Options 101 shit.
Apple is the way
F
This is the way
IL GREEN FINALLY FOR ONCE TODAY
What if tsla is in the ETF 🙊🙉🙈
Amazon stock split?
oh god this 48 is gonna edge me so fucking hard
Unfortunately, some people are just scared. Sell sell sell!!
I'm getting Error 502 Bad Gateway from both Chromium and Firefox, though I am using Ubuntu.
[deleted]
What did you pay for it?
What's the worst case scenario for a covered call credit spread ?
Pyramid of Giza filled with sugar babies
"The autist did it Cathie. He panic sold."

"He Sold? .... Pahmp Eeit." - Cathie
What do they pay on the shares they had from day one because they founded the company?
I want to hit 25k today. Sick of this pdt shit
When? I am still seeing larger short volume than available shares.
MSFT should just go and squire DBX already.
Steam goes out of business, twitch.tv owners caught peddling child porn and the site collapses, while gamestop simultaneously launches their streaming platform offering huge signing bonuses to well known displaced twitch streamers.  uhhhhhh what else would have to happen?  cuz i dont even think that would be enough.
Lmfao why tf is there OI on TSLA 12/31 $1260c!? 🤣
With the new trade and investment agreement between the EU and China, BABA should be going up at least 10%
Positions or ban!
Take me to Valhalla Cathie
Tsla is up over 700% this year
Electric helicopter!!!
JPow will provide with his printer. GME 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
This is the way
This is poetic
how much better
Explain like I’m retarded
It's great seeing both the short and long legs of a PLTR calendar spread go up in value today.
still good time to get in
I don’t care if PLTR fades i just need it not dip to 24.10 so i dont blow up my account come monday
This is the way.
This guy knows. He pulled this kind of thing when he was on the take from the tobacco industry, until his racketeering and fraud practices became so in-your-face that regulation was put in place.
Red
Tomorrow yes, Friday no
Josh but yeah
Nio breaking thru 48
[deleted]
My coworker did. Bought PLTR top last time too 😂
Shorting the US market in an inflationary environment is a bold play. You could win in real terms and lose big nominally, and money is nominal. IE inflation props the market up 10%, when in real terms we have a 5% decline. Net 5% decline then the percent chance your shorts get murdered by inflation is high. TBH I’m buying everything and holding, ride the wave, don’t fight the fed.
Trading in tax advantaged accounts is nice to not worry about year end taxes.
BABA can’t stop won’t stop
Yes I will be using my next 10 years of tax write offs to buy more calls
derf
STOP TRADING ETFs AND BUY TSLA NOW
EVERYONE BUY NIO B4 THE RUN UP 💯
I’m waiting for all the comments about my “boomer” positions and zero options trading.
A special FUCK YOU to the cucks that made a 50,000 sell wall at 48 for nio
could not be more balls deep in NIO [🚀](https://emojis.wiki/rocket/#:~:text=Meaning%20of%20%F0%9F%9A%80%20Rocket%20Emoji,user%20is%20determined%20to%20fulfill.)[🚀](https://emojis.wiki/rocket/#:~:text=Meaning%20of%20%F0%9F%9A%80%20Rocket%20Emoji,user%20is%20determined%20to%20fulfill.)[🚀](https://emojis.wiki/rocket/#:~:text=Meaning%20of%20%F0%9F%9A%80%20Rocket%20Emoji,user%20is%20determined%20to%20fulfill.)
These boomers on twitter... LOL.
NVDA climbing nicely
Where is AAPL ending the day? Pretty flat for a while.
⚡ 🚁
buy on red, sell on green
is the market open tmrw and friday?
Ban
Crowdfunding a “return” button on RH in case a call doesn’t work out. Save your receipts for store credit
NET NET NET
Lol people have never had an opportunity to see science work in real-time like this before, and clearly have no idea how studies, new findings, etc. develop in the research world. Yeah, shit changes because we gather more data and learn new things about it almost every day.
⚡️ 🚁 nothing more needs to be said
Not really, YouTube only lets you stop them from showing up in you're recommended videos (doesn't always work) but NOT from showing up in search results. There is no way to wholly block a channel in YT.

In 2020 YT is an utterly archaic and lacking platform that rewards bad behavior.
What about the merger with Doyu?
I wish WISH never existed.
⚡ 🚁
John Hawley to contest the electoral college results


symbolic and gay af
12/31 is tomorrow.
There goes Vix. 🤦🏽🤦🏽
Fr man, I go halvsies every time and then regret it instantly the next day
Who’s buying a Tesla with their 2k??
Sq$ RIPPING BABY !!

#TWERKCOCK
Oh yeah, sorry. Stupid of me that was.

But you still want to cash cover those puts. Bit new potentially for covered puts but not a bad about.
Yeah, they just go worthless and get removed from your account overnight after expiration.

You should at least read up on Investopedia before putting money into things you don't understand.
NET finally decided to wake up
 👆  💰
Thanks. I'm new to options so I'm picking up the strongest DD I can find. WSB probably isn't the best place for it but every now and then I come across a gem like this thread. Playing "safe" with *right* at OTM for giggles to learn. Good luck to ya.
He's about to get fukt
If you believe in elliot wave theory, its going down. But who even fucking knows with this market.
Was about to sell my TSLA options because of the saying “you can’t go poor taking a profit” but then it occurred to me that you can’t get rich being a pussy either.
roll out your expiry and sell low delta puts if you have the collateral to do so.
RemindME! 7 days “RKT wednesdays - open@20.78, @21.04@1:48pm.  Later 2020.”
Why GameStop, business model shit IMO
1100% on some $4 calls expiring June. Funny thing is I wasn’t super confident in this play so I only put $1K in and pulled $1K out as soon as it doubled lmao. The rest I’ve let ride so now I’m up $8K. I will never get returns like this again lmao I’m a pussy and don’t yolo into OTM stuff or weeklies so getting a 10 bagger is really a once in a lifetime thing. Pretty cool though! I gotta say I got the DD from Royce Jakob on youtube he should get the credit for the play he’s been calling it since this summer
Noobs be hating after a couple red days ?
https://youtu.be/jnTsQBJHMSk
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/officespace2020 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
This reminds me of last Wednesday. I was up a shit load and then it was gone. Getting nervous 😓
Ad checks out
FEYE done?
SQ trying to butfuck through 220 with no lube
hold it, it probably cant even hold 47 by Friday, shit always dip because of pussy paper hands
Any other reformed bears in the chat? I find that ten lashes keeps me from buying puts and holding calls
That channel and Live Traders increased my knowledge 10 fold. Just don’t buy shit and listen to what makes sense.
RIP
Baba
[removed]
Anyone sold yesterday should look at the mirror and laugh at themselves. Never sell on red day
Can Tim Apple move things to $140 before EOY please :)
I am new here and don't know why this sub is hyped about GME and at this point I'm too afraid to ask
Definitely Nio before Nio day IMO
99.7% of shares unprofitable right now. No profit taking. Average cost basis is $175. Average price target is $165.
Huge bearish and short sentiment that will be squeezed on any good news. 

They have 51% of the delivery market share and I use them daily. Their competitors are all fucking dogshit, I’ve tried them all.
Nah, I got deep calls on cruise lines, but I fear the day we recess, so I’ve got insurance in case. If it does happen, I’ll at least stay somewhat middle class.
Fly NEO.  Be free!
[removed]
You rich retard
All mine are Q1 plays
I like it.
It’s only been 3 days lol
Cathie Wood shitting on the haters
Considering holding TSLA $660 FD overnight just for the NYE memes. Like I could see TSLA hitting 750 tomorrow just cause it’s NYE and everything’s retarded.
[removed]
Boeing the type of company to miss the runway by "That much..."
How many times do we have to teach you this lesson old man?
So true
Ooof
10% is better than 70% lol
[deleted]
Sup with the negativity my guy
Just you
Was scalping weeklies, moved to monthlies 😂
Only in WSB do you see the meld of daytrading, investing, pop culture, and memes. Quite the sight to see 👍👍👍
[deleted]
I dont think there's nobody on WSB that doesn't have PLTR 🚀🚀🚀🚀
**REMINDER THAT IF YOU DIDN’T BUY THE ARK DIP YOU’RE RETARDED**
Yeah, and such a good boi too. Making charts for us and shit
BLNK is trash though, they're hemorrhaging money and losing money and market share in a competitive niche sector of the EV market, right now it's good meat for the bears to feast on, I'd stay away.
If its not mooning by yesterday, this sub doesn’t want it
Calls or puts?
thanks :)
SQ breaking 220 🔥
Damn man.  You should have held a bit longer.  It's about to come back.  You see that huge buying at 13:35?
No I'm sure his white house grift was bigger than everything else. He got to deep throat Saudi and Russian dick for money and then fucked over our economy with his mushroom dick. But hey at least all the corporations got billions while Americans go homeless and hungry lol
im just coming here now to see anyone else vibing on this nio rocket ride, complimentary champagne should be on its way around.

See you fuckers in 2021 at 80.
Ignore me, I‘m just upvoting every comment about NET
i mean thought i was gonna go red for the week and folded and chose to make a small profit i guess, kicking myself in the ass for it now but still happy
reporting on duty, sir
Or dv it idc
Well that's all I need to know

time to borrow granma's debit card
It already did. These retards are too invested to admit that it isn’t going to infinite squeeze.
Addictions are only for quitters.
[deleted]
What are they acquiring?
What price did you get in at ?
ARKO?
He has some good points tho sometimes.
Lol
What are you doing stepNIO 😟🚀🚀💦
Evidence ^
Tesla is a profitable company
Position or ban!
Y tho
It's kind of the intention but nobody is gonna remove something like that. Is it really a gain if you haven't realized it yet?
Not shady at all, this account.
TSLA booming
> Girls don't care about the story, they just want winners.

biology really. helps them select the best mate.
It's different. Or maybe it's just how I use it. But there's no feed. I message friends and groups mostly. If I want to look at friends stories I can, but it's not sitting right in front of my face with a bunch of other bullshit like 'likes' and 'comments' etc tricking my brain to scroll down for dopamine hits.
Cathie isnt mad you sold yesterday - shes just disappointed.
So you want us to upvote your previous comment?
💎🤚
Think of it like 27trillion borrowed out of 22 trillion allowed to borrow. Except we current have cheat mode on and the admins are about to come online soon and correct it one way or another.
Everyone from my school balls deep in MLM scams coming for everyone’s $600 to “invest”
hope so my weeklies are on life support
[removed]
Did I say I was short?
Who sold NET at 75? Show yourself!
I can’t read.
Idk but i just bought some now too

Edit: thanks for this tip bro, just made 250% in a few hours
I guess he likes getting raw dogged no lube in his ass
Yeah, move your positions over to something more real like THE MOUSE GANG ($DIS)
Yes, we're the stupid ones.  Not you comparing gamestop to fucking TESLA.  

holy shit you retards earn the label.
[deleted]
Easy one, GME. Shares till squeeze happens unless u have not much patience. Should give it timzto at least June
puts on anything.
Really NIO... for the smart people in here. I sold $47 strike 12/31 and don’t want to lose shares. What’s the best way to handle it? Roll to next week, higher expiry? When is best to do that, today or tomorrow?
1DTE TSLA 700
I sold my shares around $50 but I’ve been watching this thing crater for two weeks now. I’ll buy back in when it gets towards $26
Prob his own Epstein island
Try zooming out on your chart to 15 minutes or an hour next time. I’m still holding a bunch of calls expiring tomorrow that have all gone ITM.
He has more letters after his name as if those worthless degrees will impress us 🤣
Then you dip into the ditch and /wrist. Are you new here? Stonks only go up. 🚀🚀🚀
The market cap is 1.6 billion, they have over 600 million cash on hand before they go into their most profitable quarter. How the fuck is their current share price "rediculous"?
[deleted]
Just bought 500 shares of Doordash
Lemme get that partial share you got
Shares here.   Holding for a bit.
NET
Glad you could make some quick money , personally i would sell before close. I still see a slight sell off happening.
It’s about to head to 50. Strap in.
Holding for a couple weeks? I’m ready to cut it but would take a 40% loss
Okay those targets, both stock price and production are a little optimistic, but hey I'll only be happy if they hit them. I have about 200 shares, and I think they could hit $75 by the end of 2021. While you hold these shares, please do yourself a favour and sell some covered calls on them, it's literally free money.
mmm this is good advice
Does ge ever move 🥱?
[removed]
If you look at my recent post history you'll see I knocked it out of the park...

now I have 96 1/15 $25C @ $2.53 average.. Down almost 10% and really no more money to average down if I have to.
What's the significance of the red or green highlight on certain strike prices for options in Robin Hood? If i try to post this on the RH forum or WSB main page it will be removed because yeah.
0.98 per share times 50 contracts so 0.98x100x50
[deleted]
I have no trust in baba but I hope I'm proven wrong homie
it’ll pop mid 2021
Unreal
[deleted]
Then show your puts
meli/fcx/amd
Bezos’ 30 yo sugar babies have their own college sugar babies
This is the way
Listen here you little shit
Who’s the favourite? Red or blue?
[deleted]
What's the EOD move?
[removed]
gme can suck my ass
gottem
qqq making me very qqqq
I would say Chris Sain is one of them. Check him out. Stock Moe was also good and had good info when he started doing youtube but then he started being a naughty slut and got dragged into the greedines hole.
Not even
I hate to admit it here, but I'm long on this shit. 10k @ $1.20
Then you will have all your long short short put calls.
[deleted]
u/Jalmondbro = 🏳️‍🌈🐻
The math is quite simple mate
Is it just me or is CRSR looking to breakout?
[deleted]
I made a few hundreds bucks on baba today, was pretty nice. amzn cucked me again today
HTZ gets more business in a day than GME does in a year. HTZ $25c 1/15/21
Need to double down on dips harder
Yes the market will be closed on New Year’s Day.
So, going by that chart, $pltr to the moon, is that right?
Yes I have some of these too.
i made 500 today i could have made 2000 today but toilet paper hands
Mitchbetterhavemymoney trending on Twitter is hilarious. How can one man have so much power over Americas.
$MCD
I don't know why it even spiraled down that way. It was a good buying opportunity though.
LMND saving my portfolio from PLTR’s sadistic ways 😂
🚀🚀🚀
Thanks!
I sold covered 12cs for tomorrow a couple weeks ago 🤡
> He and his party are responsible for there being zero additional support provided to people in the several months leading up to the 2020 election

I'm all on board the Mitch hate train, but this was like 1000%  on Nancy Pelosi. She dangled stimmy like a carrot and had no absolutely no intention of passing it before the election. I will never forgive Nancy for the $500 in calls she cost me by withholding stimmy. Unconscionable crypt keeper.
[...](https://i.gyazo.com/f02620d5e9441e236239eb83ed151582.jpg)
NET BOIZ WE BACK
Thanks for posting, Cathie Wood.
Why?
This is getting too mainstream. Where's the next WSB
Haha is it game stop? I’m new
What’s so special about 27T? Why not 26T or 28T?
💵💵💵💵📈📈📈📈🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
You win Canoo. I can't hold you any longer. You smell like shit. Take a fucking shower.
Man it's painfully obvious who all got in on GME in the past few days
this is gonna be fun :)
Boeing the type of company to use Ebay Refurbished sales as part of their parts acquisition strategy.

BA $150.
down 50 on GME
I’m Ricardo Montalban
🥃🥃🚀
Found the poor boy! Fuck off with your fractional penny stock garbage.
good thing i didnt buy into that one
[deleted]
Nothing better than quoting yourself
ITS NOT EVEN POWER HOUR $TSLA 700 EOD
>Just do debit credit spreads u degen

Debit spreads on?
It's thesis

And it doesn't really rhyme with feces unless you mumbo rap
I'm not sure man but PDT doesn't apply to accs over 25k 

My only theory is this is not a margin acc but a cash account and what you got was a good faith violation which was caused by using money thats not settled but I'm not sure either. Better contact RH for help
Is market closed friday?
Please don't paper hand NET
Bend over and I'll show you
LMND, I guess. That’s the saying right
Y’all think Jeff Bezos has a sugar baby empire or nah?
Those don’t happen much anymore. The next red day might just bring it back to 700 at this rate.
It’s more like 5 minutes now
AAPL
It’s called trading, not holding. You can sell high and rebuy low.

Idiot.
[removed]
Who do you trade with? If you have an account with more that 25k it doesn’t matter the value of trades. You can make 100000000 trades in a day
overvalued piece of shit
Wanna dump PLTR for RIOT so bad lmao
NIO has already been to the moon. It had to take a few weeks to refuel but it's on its war to Mars now!
Gilead buyout on januray 15 call OR $BBBY short squezze after earnings
Omg NET why are you alive now
$85 is guaranteed, anything above that, I don't know.
Probably a bit of squeeze happening, too. Goldman has a 25 price target that was resistance for most of Dec
Should have cut FB at open instead of SQ, F
#NIO 🚀😍
Gme shares obviously, go all in for max gains.
Back to PLTR!! 🤡
ejecto seato cuz
Fly you fools
He must have the highest skim rates on YouTube, I always skip in like 3 mins on Stock Moe 😆
Not when your dad gave you best insider trade this year 😎
Use it to our advantage. Zig zag Theory
ZM are you spiking for real this time, BB?
Priced in because it can’t literally do anything. 

Georgia senate race far bigger implications.
[removed]
Still too much $$$ on the sidelines
$GME
[removed]
Fuck yea dude
Almost forgot:🚀🚀🚀
OUR SAVIOR HAS RETURNED🚀🚀
You’re a retard who shouldn’t buy options
Oh hey NET 😇😇😇
NIO

fast
Fubo about to squeeze. Watching this is hilarious
[deleted]
And also don't forget to check out my webull link in my description 😅
To yell at an algorithm?
[deleted]
Green Hulks dicks everywhere on TSLA chart get fukt bears
Thanks for the laugh.
How much are you up?
Gold mine excavated in the comments
Low volume that ain’t happening. Wouldn’t be surprised if it finishes red
A true autist
Goddamnit!
1^st
...so you’re telling us that all retarded chimps are chads?
Funny seeing SPY and VIX up for the week.
who here has NOK calls? Any idea when we can expect some price action?
I bought a 242.5c five minutes after open at the exact same price as it is now and it’s lost 40 percent.
"CrAmER ACtuAlY HaS SomE GoOd InSIGhT"
Already on it, whole bank account is sunk into calls. but what happens if the dip dips the dip?
2^nd
Sold half my SQ 220C bought yesterday for 110% profit, keeping the other half until tomorrow 🙏🏽
Thanks NIO im out
[deleted]
NIO going vertical. 🚀
I see what you mean now.  I think it would still count in 2020, when you actually executed the trade(s).
Sq$ 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Untrue. Put to call ratio is very low
You can look for red candlesticks with long lower wicks or just watch price action.
Life gave me lemons. What stock should I buy?
I'm glad you're back, but mods are still gay
Tik Tok guru said to go all in on Tesla this week. Thank you!
This is probably stinkingly obvious but is the $0.98 per share or per 100 shares then. Going to guess it's per share. 

Or in other words how much money has he put down today?
Get some ICLN boi
It is basically selling a naked call, but without level 4 access (which RH doesn't have)
This is so easy to understand, I’m still 100% sure many won’t
Man of culture
do battered fish fillets count as tendies? 🤔 🤔 🤔
Seriously!!
BAH GOD THATS NET’S MUSIC
I have calls on DAL, FEYE r and ACB. How retarded am I?
ya get cnk
[removed]
Here comes 690$ TSLA 🚀🚀🚀🚀
Pleas Light The Rocket
We probably won’t get results for a month so no
But I like the pretty green charts.
Nice
>Maybe they create an E-sports gaming hub? 

A what?  You mean try to take on Twitch?  That is absolutely laughable.

>Maybe they successfully transition to being an online gaming retailer with a new strategic partnership with Microsoft? 

You mean to try to take on Steam?  ........................................LOL

Console players are going to get their games from their respective built in digital stores.   Why would Sony or Microsoft want a middleman?

>With the promising 200+% online sales growth, there's a real chance the 2nd option could happen without a major change.

Huh?

>Also what're y'all gonna do if/when the comparison goes from Blockbuster to Netflix?

Gamestop is not fucking the next Netflix.   What the fuck are you guys thinking?  It has no capability of transforming the business model of selling video games.  Other merchants already own the digital download space.  

GME is Blockbuster.
[deleted]
Let's go!
Every single one of us
I can’t figure out spreads.   Do you sell them together when it passes the break even point?   You don’t make more than the contract you sold right?
Looks good, I think the colours will help those who can't read.

For the trades, it specifically says "if you're out". I take that to mean the trade profit/loss is realised. 

Are you saying unrealised gains/losses aren't appropriate and will get removed?
Nio to the fucking moon
This is the way!
too soon, it's heading to 17
Baldness is driven in part by excessive testosterone. Dude is a bull in a beta's body.
robinhood should have a liquidate button
This is retarded you know I can’t read.
Hey that’s us
This bitch is hard to ride did the same thing pre merger and 2 days post
Fake news.
Oh boy. RemindMe! - 2 months
AAPL is getting ready for after hours moon mission
No idea. Wife’s bf mentioned it once between slaps👋
Imagine buying FUBO at 62 lmao. Was just wondering where all the FUBO comments suddenly went 🤡
Sure, spit works in a pinch... but when I'm in a tight spot... 

I rely on **Jam's Twat Paste™**


...©


...®
I swear this sub has a million pieces of DD on GME and still idiots are paper handing. It’s not going to pump endlessly everyday. Hold shares idiots.
It will, but not as bad as everyone thinks. Lockup is going to give big money a chance to make a lot of money which is why I’m trying to get everyone ready to buy the lockup. This shit is only going up after lockup. Buy shares if you’re scared bro.
[deleted]
NET needs to keep going to 90
E
Where do I put 1500$
This dude is in GME and BABA
Still going strong.
RIOT is just ripping 15% like very day. I’ve had them since $3
Do we think republican senate shenanigans will effect the market come Jan 6? Media is downplaying it...🥭 still have a chance?
Ehh if youre keeping it as a long hold i wouldn't lose sleep over it. It's a spreadsheet/work productivity company, it's gonna print, maybe not tomorrow but it will.
I think most of us gave up on Slv when we realized JPM has too much control over it. Goodluck with it tho
Even in retards need diversification HAHA
[deleted]
Yes! I was NOT expecting that at all, if only we bought 24 hours later

Very, verryyy pleased, did you hop off? Im holding until new year I think
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/arrehandro1 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Tendies and drugs. I'm on it
so fubo puts?
Me seeing zoom down

. ‘.

Me seeing zoom ripping

./.
Where can you see this?
When will Tesla put out its 2020 vehicle delivery report?
Still a win when you sell then at 130 in 2 years
Yeah that’s totally accurate 

That’s why CNN posted a hot piece of China mishandling the pandemic
Idk wtf TLRY it is but 180d chart looks pretty juicy.
$GME
Or you could find a super illiquid option chain and sell yourself options.
Edit: that’s what you are saying.
Door Dash in shambles. Crash and burn, bitch. The one thing in my whole portfolio I'm short on.
[deleted]
BUY THE DIP RETARD!
There’s some serious institutional FOMO into TSLA rn.
NET finally back from the dead?
Lol better than that -100 percent loss on bear stearns.
You should have been banned for the ETFs but the GME red positions saved you 

Remember to 🙌💎
about time...
went all in on AAPL 136c 1/15
Yo fuck this clown.

GME 🚀🚀🚀
[removed]
Lol right, the best part is how these guys discourage swing trading and options plays but they're sitting here plugging these sketchy companies and penny stocks 🤡
GME
SPY dump incoming?
P U M P  I T 🚀
Their product quality has gone down . Way down. I go out of my way to not buy GE appliances
Pattern day trader. I’ve been there, bro.  I’m only up because I sold my house and threw all the money into the market, lol. Where’s my Nio gains ?! Haha
Hahahahhahaa well played. 

This was my hedge. I’m all in GME for 1k shares!!!
Low volume. Shit ain’t going nowhere
Yo Fr of GME does short squeeze this sub will literally implode. I want to be a part of that, it will be amazing.
I like these curves. Sold!
what is a chart?
Lmao look at this fucker’s head
Riot yolo calls
there are rumours of pent up demand post covid
Fuck no
[deleted]
Do another poll then! I'm sure it's increased
TSLA bears will never learn.   New year, new energy focused admin, record breaking deliveries.   But you do you.
Don’t call me surely.
Thank you to whoever mentioned JNJ 0dte calls. Easy 80% gain today.
move to 36
$GME
OTC stock HBRM.

Currently $0.003 and climbing. My target is .30
You win
Stand by our king! Gme, first of his name, also last of his name, the Pump That Was Promised!
That stuff can go in meme, that's fine. Maybe consider it the catch-all media basket. Putting links and non-trade images in one or two spots as opposed to like five will be helpful for us.
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/DANFCKINGBILZERIAN the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I am so mad that I bought mara instead of riot. I'm not sure why mara is trailing riot so much these past few days
NET waking up. Time to start climbing back up!
Spy 374c 12/31
I'm down 35 on gme
I'm loving it
I feel you, my portfolio is down 70% bc I bought GME calls at what I thought was the dip ($21). Now my biggest investment is in shambles. May you be blessed with good gains next year 🙏
Yup annoying as fuck
Aim higher!
[JMIA PT $60-$100. $90k bet](https://imgur.com/a/DvWb9KY)
The only reason why we won't sell off is that too many people hold puts. Facts!
With a softie no less.
See now aren't our mac wheels a bargain?

-apple prolly
Mods ban this idiot
You forgot shares
Posted on the wrong comment. Big fucking deal. You can now go back to making big moves Mr. Buffet.
[removed]
[deleted]
Did you buy?
All in
Interns have 10s of millions of buying power?
Surely this is the top
[deleted]
NIO says this comment is a lie
GME $50 12/31/20 calls. EZ money! 🚀🚀🚀
Rest In Peace FUBO!!!!!!!
JNJ doing good today. Just wait until vaccine news 🚀
I’m in shambles
gtfo robinhood, man
I Truly believe every autist buying GME will someday be destroyed but goddamn if I don't want to buy some shares just to fuck this guy.
BABA IV is brutal
Go all in Wirecard. It’s risky and if they rise you’ll gain shitloads. 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Funny how they all in WeBull instead of RH these days
this is why trading platforms need a chat feature
Hes usually pretty good, but hes definitely a bit insufferable. Makes up for it by at least being self aware. 

Did a neat portfolio review with Kevin O'Leary, took some notes on diverification for when i make it to tendie heaven and am looking to preserve capital instead of yolo on a retirement play.
Sir I can assure you I am retarded but NOT gay. I buy short dated OTM calls.
What’s your play?
Thanks. Maybe I'll just keept the shares in the lending Account and buy more in the other Account. Hoping for an upswing in January either way ;)
[removed]
Why would you hope for limp hands?
Always buy the LMND dip
Only EV play you need is Lion Electric.
GME for max payout vs risk
Hopped in this morning as well let's hope the bleeding is done lol
I don't know that they even allow individuals to opt into a lending program in their cash accounts. Personally couldn't find anything that indicates they do.
Textbook execution, even interns do that shit.
A stimulus package for your cerebral cortex!
But it has a lot of soccer that the others don’t.
[removed]
Makes me want to punch a thumbnail through the internet. Haaaaaate that shit 🤛
Don’t jinx it
ya no shit I moved hard into it. Got 5800 shares ready to RUN
Boeing the type of company to charge Airlines Extra for Brakes. 

BA $150.
I suffer from this. I don't FOMO in when the stock is mooning, but I do get greedy and don't sell when it's obviously the best thing to do. I'm getting slightly better at it, but it takes time to get rid of bad habits and emotional decision making.
I did say I wish this was currently happening, which it is not.

I know you people don't pride yourself on reading skills, but still..
[deleted]
dont tempt me
In riot, let’s fucking go. If bcoin breaks 28.5 this shits going to $20
nothins moving, theta wins again
Calls on FUKU $69. Late expiration like 1/21/69
NET NET NET!
well, here's to hoping an arbitrary number change on the linear scale of time gets rid of all of our problems!
How is politics irrelevant in your pov? Politics affect government policies and spending which in turn affects the stock market.
[deleted]
Spy calls eod?
Here’s how Cramer’s “winners of the New World” from February 29, 2000 would have performed if you held them until today. 

https://i.imgur.com/yqRz912.jpg
[deleted]
[deleted]
It's Canada based, but don't write it up like APHA doesn't have access to US markets. They acquired Sweetwater and they are merging with Tilray, both based in USA.
Jesus Christ, can you stop with your fucking spam. You’re the goddamn virgin galactic.
In in a standoff with the guy selling SNAP 2/5 70C. He wanted 50 and I’m only buying for 35. He’s come down to 48 and I’m holding strong.
ZM is at 350 dont be silly
You belong here
Tesla puts expiring tomorrow
Upped my position to 420.69 shares.
just purchased GME 25c 02/05/21 LETS FUCKING GET IT
Come on SQ keep pumping
Amc about to break through it's 3 month support. I'm guessing it's basically done?
calls
Up 20% on NIO. Down 20% on GME. The meme gods are toying with me.
Nearly 100% allocated. Only $0.69 free cash 💰 left
Jesus might have to go theta gang after this journey with these 1/15 30c PLTR and all these dips through the past month.
[removed]
Fuck GME. Robbing them tonight whose with me?
Need QQQ and YETI to drilllll

TSLA keep going to Mars
Lol max risk max pay out

Sure way to see max lost 


Just do debit credit spreads u degen
The red candlesticks with really long lower wicks can kinda be used as a good bullish indicator.
it has only been spiked 1-2 times a year for the last decade.
U broke bro
[deleted]
$PLTR
This is where I'm at as well - GME does not have a good name within their target demographic, and there's a ton of memes floating around about their shitty return and trade-in policies.

My expectation is that WSB pumps this mofo up in January and then it fails to actually do anything meaningful and crashes hard. Watching carefully for a good exit point.
Imagine panic selling LMND when the lockup expired on Monday. Nice 10% day yesterday, and trying to repeat it today. 😎
Buy Long John Silvers got it
Wondering why T is down while Disney is up bigly?

 [More U.S. Households Streamed Disney’s ‘Soul’ Than Warner Bros.’ ‘Wonder Woman 1984’ Over Christmas Weekend](https://www.mediaplaynews.com/report-more-households-streamed-disney-pixars-soul-than-warner-bros-wonder-woman-1984/)

 The jazz music-themed title was streamed by 2.4 million Disney+ households in the U.S. over the holiday weekend — 200,000 more than streamed *WW84* domestically on Max, according to new data from Samba TV.
Don’t worry, I balance it by losing it all here
Watching SPY today is like watching paint dry.
Don’t doubt your vibe!
That’s right BABA get up there and make this FD print
Shit you're retarded. Posting a garbage penny stock, then acting hard. Head back to /r/brokeassretardbetswhogotpumpedon
Right, I get that, and I should be exempt from day trade restrictions, except I guess the total dollar value for the day which is what I think I went over. According to my acct I made 11 day trades that day.
Haven't seen that channel yet, will take a look thx
Well bought the zm dip let's see how it goes
i never said i enjoy the outcome
Dump tomorrow.
Is this Bezos giving all these awards?
Dumb fuck
When your 7 positions are all green 💪🏻🌝👌🏻
Kiss me
No reason NIO doesn't run tomorrow and all next week, too, leading up to NIO Day. Enjoy it, fellas.
Silver mooning. Is this finally the break?
This green to red is killing me and my hope...
Not really tbh
NIO gone ballistic
GME of course
See if this works....TSLA
Rkt opens at 20.78, $21.02 at 10:38pst

Remindme! 7 days
:(
Buy more share not gold!
PLTR's chart reminds me of that one time when TSLA traded rangebound within the 330 and 500 bandwidth and then skyrocketed to 695 after S&P changed their mind and decided to include them after they said they didn't want to include them. For some reason, that felt like a year ago when it was actually last month.
Got $1k worth of 46C and $1k of 46P for tomorrow expiry earlier on your advice. Cut the P loose at -25% and the C are now up 85%

Thx for the trade idea brah. Quick $600 scalp so far. Not sure if holding the call into tomorrow though.
TLDR; retarded and assumed gay
[removed]
Stock is 6 months up. You’re looking at the 1-week low which happened a few times in the past as well. Just because you exhale doesn’t mean you’re suffocating but I guess we all have our reasons to be admitted here though
Good shit, thanks for keeping the place clean
Glad you’re back
Fucking RIOT
Repeat tommorow or a massive dump?
Always discourage swing trading and options, hold everything forever lol
Ooo this mfer and his girl gonna get fucked
Good luck finding shares to short.
Pump NET
You’re telling me you don’t want more shares?!
All those sets of letters after his name have meaning sir
All good until you research how fast that stock collapsed at the time.
GME BUY BUY BUY
I just want to see TSLA 700 for like 1 minute. Pleas
ooh baby that would be nice
This is a wild view. I guess I don’t know what you consider “research”? I would say research is one of the most important things you can do. ESPECIALLY IN THIS FORUM! So much bull shit flies around here. You need to know if a company is drowning in debt, events coming up to possibly move it, future plans, do they actually make any money? These are important. This is research at a basic level. In your post, you are saying Tesla and Nikola are the same thing, a gamble. But if you do “research”, there’s a HUGE difference. This is an obvious example, but you get the point.

—if you’re talking about weekly options. Yeah, I agree. That’s gambling any way you cut it up.
U need cash account, options settle same day. Don’t use margin account.
I dont enjoy the bad
So my $VALE 1/15 $18c is secure! Thank you.
Makes sense, I see large orders flub around often. That would explain certain movement for sure.
don't know what to tell ya it loads fine for me.
[deleted]
I’ve fed bread
2late bitch
its time for SILVER!
wb now
I didn't understand it, someone explained it, now I do (sort of).
PLTR AND ICLN bois. Tendies wait us in VALHALLA. HOLD YOU PUSSIES 🐱
Almost sold my TSLA but its not even POWER HOUR, 


$700 EOD
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/Mutiny2018 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
🆒🆒🆒
I just checked his Twitter... he states that he is still short TSLA. He loves to lose money... he belongs in this sub.

Also, let’s take this guys money on GME too!
Kind of but I was thinking more closer to a “money line” scenario like if the bet is Spy hitting 374 tomorrow, +900 it does, -900 it doesn’t
Nothing is telling me that it could, or should bounce back.
You do know that collateral doesn’t have to be cash right?
[deleted]
I know for a fact I wouldn't blow it all. I'd immediately hire a few firms to start managing things and make sure I never ran out of money.

The hard part is just winning now. For 8 bucks a week you can get 4 chances at never working ever again. Not a bad sucker-bet if you ask me...Though I've ran some of those lottery simulators buying 100 tickets a week for 60 years and I think I was net like -30k. Never even won a minor lottery
Me neither haha
i enjoy making financial decisions, both good and bad
💎👐
[deleted]
This is too long.
Yesla
I don't think I've seen his vids yet buts lots of people mentioning him, adding to the watch list
The bots don't take flair into account partially because they were so ambiguous before.
Buy a pro controller, only use joycons when mobile. I play wayyy to much, and joycons last me a year.
[deleted]
A psychological number...

Elon will likely guide 2021 for 1 Million vehicles. This is a nice round number and within a realistic range to achieve. This "1 million" will be the talk/analysis of 2021. A lot of financial articles will be written about it. YouTube vids will dissect it. It will accumulate more investors, traders and even prospective Tesla owners

The bottom line: TSLA, the stock benefits MOST
Mess with the horn and shes gonna need a wheelchair
Not really but I hope your hands are as hard as my dick after watching gme posts
Aye. 2021 is the year of GME Gang.
[deleted]
AZN has popped 2% in premarket each day this week and faded. I expect it to go a bit lower, but there are worse plays to scale into leaps on.
Papa Elon hath no mercy?
Long oil.
[deleted]
Fuck dude I want it to dip so I can buy more goddamnit
posting without mod tag like a narc
Thank you for flying again, SQ
[deleted]
The lower the volume the easier it is to manipulate.
DKNG actually holding gains? And recovering? Woah
Flattest day I’ve ever seen
your mom gay
I followed a few of the plays on paper and they were hit or miss, mostly miss.
Be the change you want to see in the world... nerd
Those that doubted NIO today....

Eat my teets
it's great for American stocks because the fees are dirt cheap. Try to make a big play on British stocks that go down anyway tho and you get fucked twice. Not that this happened to me with astrazeneca or anything
What do we think the retards can get gme prices too by February 2021
Ty for info, glad you're back btw
[deleted]
World > land
👋
Yeah I’ve got June calls myself
Hope you got in!!
[deleted]
Poor people problems

I got marked right before hitting 25k
SQ don’t stop bb
I was thinking of how much BLNK has swung in the past 3 days of why it’s being manipulated
solid dd
dank weed is the last thing i think of when i hear tilray.    i got sofa shake that would kill it.
I sadly missed the $10 PLTR boat ride and own mine in the low $20's. :(
It’s got sales, it’s got the growth and in IMO a better brand than Logitech. The profit will come and PE will adjust down accordingly.
Um...no thats not how a bishop pennant works at all.
JD getting red-hot. Wish I wasn't forced to sell half on Monday because of a week of margin calls :-|
LETS PUMP TF OUTTA NIO TO 48 PUT OUR RETARD POWER TOGETHER AND PUUUUUSH
NET headed to $85, let's go!
I'm not talking abt tsla so why you bringing up tsla... r u retarded or something?
priced in

BA $300
Financials drop 2/17 I think? STONKS gonna go up
gee, my guess would be not the day before new years eve or on new years eve...

does that help?
2500 is the bare minimum for any gain/loss/yolo as per long-standing rules. If you rallied support for a higher minimum we'd change it. I could see a 3-5k minimum.
Gyna collecting a lot of porn with tiktok
after new years
💎 TLRY 💎 looking nice.   ($140 down from ATH. I cant do math but thats a big upside)
Bro the lockup is going to drive the price down, just accept that, no one is going to play it until after that’s all ended, it’s for sure a solid company but the timing just isn’t right for it anymore. Just move onto something else for a bit, let it consolidate a bit after the lockup then we’ll all be riding the tendie train again.

If you’re call are deeply fucked and this is mainly just a desperation post I feel for you bud
[removed]
So far good and bad. Been trying for months. Bastards.
Don’t be sleeping on NVDA
Except the stocks I got puts in. Rallying like fuck.
80% of people are fucking idiots. see: us
Don’t worry I’m not only in the same boat, I’m also in the same cult. 

This shit is a lifestyle 😎
looking at historical performance, salesforce always goes up 20% in january for the past 3 years
I mean yeah, am bear. But sometimes, why am bear? Is there more than bear?
Interesting
Nio is about to go on a run this week/next week. RSI trending up and MACD line about to cross
>REPOSTING to include imgur album to that days trades:

https://imgur.com/a/bGVnes7

So I have an account with a total value of around 50k. On monday when AMZN was on the rise, I scalped a lot of short dated call options. Each option was in the neighborhood of 4-6k and I sold them each time for about a 1k profit. At the end of the day I placed a larger one for about 11k and held it overnight.

On monday night(technically Tuesday 12:15AM MST) I saw a warning on my account saying:

Day Trade Call - You're in a $2,754.47 day trade call because you overrode your protection and sold stock

I promptly deposited $3,000 and it told me that I could resume day trading the next day. So Tuesday comes around and I started doing some more trades, the first of which was selling my AMZN option cause there was no way in hell I was gonna keep holding it. When I went to sell it it said that my account is restricted from day trading and if I place this trade I'll be restricted from buying stock for 90 days. I had to select the option which was "accept 90 day restriction and continue" or something along those lines. I assumed there was just some sort of lag between when I made my deposit and when it updated on RH and even if there wasn't, it was more important to get out of that AMZN position since it expired 12/31. I was able to buy and sell whatever I wanted yesterday but each time it gave me the same warning.

Well lo and behold today I can't buy anything, I can only close positions. Does anyone know exactly what happened here? I'm assuming I went over the "day trade limit" which I don't fully understand(is it the sum of all purchases and sales or only purchases?) but I covered the call immediately. I'm thinking that maybe I needed to wait until wednesday(today) to start trading again since it said "you may begin trading again the next day" and that message was received after midnight.
[deleted]
bunch of shoe-shiners, no worries
What’s pdt?
It just hit $27.10, today brothers, next stop $30
Boeing the type of company to update their Flight software to Windows 95.

BA $150.
End of year is so time to make any rash decisions. Get your solid 1-2 month plays in order and let your stone cold bravery and hands made of fine diamonds take you to tender town for a 5 piece with honey mustard.
The fuck is tabitha?
I'm okay with it.
yeah I use Degiro too and sell at 5% with gains b/c fees are so low
replacing or buying a new stick isn't a big deal.
I was always suspicious of how he used to be a financial advisor but turned teacher.
Uhm, excuse me, have you not been watching our lord and savior TSLA?
Didn’t know about stocks then, but had movie pass. Bruh I watched so many fucking movies. It was too good to be true.
Can confirm. I have a limit purchase at 19
🚀🚀🚀
truth.  i hate when my family play lotto
Meaning
might be low volume, but TSLA is not flat
>It’s banned for the entire session since their yesterday fuckup.

What was their fuckup?
not hard to replace the joy cons
The definition is literally the first result in google
Yeah. Companies do offerings when they acknowledge that their share price is insanely overvalued because having more cash on hand is never a bad idea.

You’re all over this thread defending a shit company, you must be nervous.
If TSLA’s half a million car by EOY delivery goal is in reach, I will literally deliver half a million gallons of cum from my nuts to a crusty old towel
[deleted]
Maybe he is just taunting the autists into pushing up gme
Next earning seasons. Don’t expect much movement next few weeks
Yes keep buying my pltr calls exp tomorrow. V smrt
Be our test dummy. If you joycon drift, we short the fuck out of $GME. If they are fine, we buy calls.
HL FDs only need 8 cent gain to break even, 16 cents to double..... 6.5 calls


This looks like a very possible 10 bagger, am I missing anything here? It looked just like this when I hit the 20x FDs on CLF
Thanks, check my post history. 8k profit on Amazon calls this week. Just playing both sides
God, I love this caption hahahahahahaha
Ackerman going through
Sold my nvidia 550c March for lost then mf pump right after ☹️
teslas dont go 170 lmao they top out at 130
is anybody in lmnd...
If everyone dumps their 600 in
Market is pumping 2 days before the next quarter like the last time
FUBO a buy ?
glad ya'll are having fun cause literally all my shit is flat. Like, flat flat.
nah

Buy them on a red day
We gotta retard baby right here
Can you explain for a fellow autist please
[removed]
This is the minimum information you need before posting here. No one will tell you. This isn’t a subreddit for teaching. This is for autistic screams from losses and retard strength gains. Most people on this sub only know this information and nothing else about what they are doing. This is like gambling with style. But if you must know.....

Go buy some GME $30 calls that expire tomorrow. This is guaranteed to triple your investment. Your welcome
With the way reporting works they probably have closed it during the quarter and reopened it.  Like they might report an increase in shorts quarter over quarter but that doesn’t mean they are sitting on the puts they had on Sept 30th.  Those definitely got fucked, but doesn’t mean they didn’t load up last Thursday on the report it would just show they are sitting on X dollars of puts.  It’s volatile enough that it’s hard to tell if a hedge fund actually ate a loss or not, let alone the scope of it.
I’m gonna say it - 80% of lottery winners go broke because 100% of lottery winners are fucking idiots.
Volume across the board is terrible today. When will it pick back up
Just bought a couple fd’s
message me when you panic sell
GOEV, more like NOOO EV... amirite? 
Canoo? More like CAH- NOOO! Yafeelme?

*I'm watching February 17.5Cs bleed out atm. Puns are my only solace*
Hes untouchable and he knows it because he's elected in Kentucky.
SQ PAAAAAMP
thats the trick though, you just take your 100k you would buy the car with, then take out a loan and buy the car, and still have 90k left after down payment and first month payment. you can still drive the nice car just dont tell them you financed it lol
[deleted]
Kind of a pussy green day after the shit show week we have had
“The stonks shall rise again!” -Genghis Khan (1220 AD)
Why are you in yesterday’s thread lmao
[removed]
TY  [/u/MarcusVentures](https://www.reddit.com/u/MarcusVentures) much appreciated!
But diversity
500k? Idk day trading is so easy now FUCK PDT
Yeah to me it suggests insiders are extremely bullish about their future. It makes a strong argument for LEAPS IMHO.
Does the bot ban or just delete for not following posting guidelines?
crank that strike price up to $50 if you're playing LEAPS until 2022
Your a gay bear 🌈🐻, so i'm wishing you only the biggest of green dildos for your birthday
STEEL GANG, BACK TO GREEN TODAY
 

🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Will airlines fly in a few weeks or is this the topish?
Surely this is the bottom.
[deleted]
You deserve it
People were talking about it on /r/pennystocks the other day, suggesting they'd be bailed out long before the government would let them go bankrupt as their engines are used in too many places.. But do shareholders get bailed out in that kind of situation?
Why?
Thankfully they are shares and jan 2022 $70c.
I do say!
it's not much, but it's honest work
you know how they say shit is already priced in? NIO is pricing in battery day right now.
Man the valuation is absurd no matter how you look at it... but since when do valuations matter?

*Dotcom crash has entered the chat*
Does it have a product in market? If not 🤡🤡🤡🤡
[deleted]
last time i checked wee was tumbling down to 19 :c
what did he say? I've been looking at GILD because it is oversold and is getting tighter in it's current down trending channel
If you expect a lot of selling at the lockup date and then there is only a little selling, stonk moon
Fubo won't last in it's overstaurated market. Services like Sling, Hulu, Youtube TV, and AT&T TV Now are much more successful and have better name recognition.
I’ve been saying this for weeks that PLTR is dead
I sold half before S&P inclusion so yeah I’m a little salty that I was wrong for that and it’s still pumping. 1300% profit. My greatest stock to date and it bought me a Tesla.
Here is an album with all my transactions for the day. I'm sure I went over the "today's day trade limit" which is why I got the day trade call but I thought by depositing more money I should have been fine.

https://imgur.com/a/bGVnes7
With a market capitalization of less than 1 bln, is considered easy for some people in the right position to manipulate the price ( aka pump and dump scheme - PnD ) spreading false information/rumors and/or advertise the ticker to grow awareness, with the intent of drive the price up. Once buyer floak and drive the price, OP dump his position for a profit.

Rule 4 of wsb ban this practices to protect retards who don't recognize them by themself.

By ignoring company with less then 1 bln of cap, you protect yourself from these practices.
Yeah that's why I initially bought at 10 it just seemed like a company with a bright future in a few years.

Im thinking about opening up another position again, it seems like the price has settled.
People don't realize that Cathie isn't able to buy more and get all their genomics moves from her
It's sad how much people have became brainwashed under this melon leadership. North Korea good. China bad. Da fuq!?
If you can afford that - more power to you!
[deleted]
Needs to have a >$1B market cap to be posted about on WSB
Need more days like today. EVs are flying again.
Reading newspapers? What kind of boomer ass shit is this. We read emojis and memes.  Get with the times old man.
Starting a position in GME. Adding my contribution to the pool
I think there's a decent chance the short position is fairly concentrated at Melvin Capital.  If it was fairly distributed to begin with as GME's price has steadily increased over the past 4 months you would see the short interest drop.  And I think as it continues in this direction it's just getting more concentrated.  Consider if you had a million shares sold short.  You would probably want to exit that position before the console cycle and Cohen take over, but you can't risk triggering the squeeze and this thing mooning.  However as long as you aren't the biggest fish in the tank you're safe to exit without it squeezing because you know Melvin has to keep the price suppressed.  So if you're the person in charge of this ticking time bomb you aren't thinking logically at this point.  The squeeze is in the dark cornerns of your subconscious and you're blocking that possibility out of your decision process.  Otherwise they would have used the omnichannel call to unwind some of their position.  So if we assume they aren't able to change their thesis, what would make this position not possible to continue?
Lol fucking Wendy's


I serve elon and thiel at Panera fam 😎
I am also not thrilled about only getting a conversion of .83 shares if the Tilray merger closes. Should be a 1/1 merge.
ZM a good buy here?
Lmfao guys lockup periods are expiring over the next 2 months, plz be smarter about this

Leaps are the way for pltr. Is this a disruption company? Uh fuck yes, it's going to own all the data of all the world. So play it as such, go long as fuck.
Good to know that since Boeing FIRED all their skilled Engineers, CHEAPEST labor is assembling the few planes they still make.

BA $150.
YOLOing options on commodities ...hope you love watching paint dry. Buying shares on margin is the YOLO here.
Shit I was sharing Stock Norm's channel in here for the laughs and everyone swore it was me / guerilla marketing 😆
Up!
Dude we‘re not gonna check your whole portfolio for you.
Username checks out
The Mike Jones song but instead of Mike Jones he says Dow Jones
There’s too many sell orders at $17. It keeps getting rejected. Like the fifth time in the last hour.
Don't even tell her macy's...tell her sephora or some shit. I feel like macys is mid grade. definitely dont tell her ebay though lmao
[deleted]
Yeah but you can still get theta decay from spreads right?
Debt goes down when there is inflation. Mitch and JPOW are printing trillions of dollars and QE infinity continues through 2021.
You don't know when the best days of your life will be. They could be right now.
Sell all 
Buy GME
I should buy TSLA calls , 2 months expiration good enough?
Off the heels of Goldman’s bullish report, I do not think SNAP will go much lower. Good call option oppporinkty for mid January IMO. 

I am 1/15 C 53$
All of WSB is on $GME to the moon. Conventional wisdom says I should do the opposite if I want to make money. Hmmmm
> dry ass-hour

***

^(Bleep-bloop, I'm a bot. This comment was inspired by )^[xkcd#37](https://xkcd.com/37)
I guess we will be rich and you will be eating expired cake retard.
Wait you get 3.86% of the share price daily? or how does this work I have etrade and PLTR.
does anyone know why BEAM is slipping when all the friends are recovering? I am a simp and cannot find anything.
low volume market pump. Honestly, I think I am going to stay away from doing anything today.
All my hedges this year feel like I'm just throwing money away
you don't say..
Consoles are selling out but they're not getting inventory, how much actual revenue will this represent?
Have you held until now?
Definitely learn some basic chart patterns and plan good entries. Buying a bot indicator like TRND bot (there's dozens of them out there) was good to train me when safe entry and exit is. Like sometimes you think there's a bull run happening but then you look at your 15min or 1hr charts and it actually still has to come down for a while. 

As far as options goes, [This guy's post was SUPER helpful](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/j0agu8/ready_to_actually_start_making_a_lotta_bit_of), namely [this link to explaining the Greeks](https://www.optionseducation.org/videolibrary/the-greeks-explained). It's a dry-ass hour talking the ins and outs of options and how they're priced, but it's fucking important.
That’s my exact portfolio. Split up an even 50/50/50
Am I retarded if I went in on 1/15 $25c?
Lost 90% of my portfolio because of PLTR weeklies and monthlies 🤡🤡🤡
What about small dick trades? 2500 isn't a yolo, Need a baby label for those
Going all the way back to $25-30 at least.
CHOOO CHOOO FKCERS!
Maybe ill comp some shares tomorrow 🤔
Needs to go back to 20
come on tim cock i wanna see those veins!
IQ leaps?
Should have bought RIOT calls when it hit 50% Fib retracement.
That’s funny cuz since I started listening to WSB I’ve gone up 50% in 3mo
Load calls or puts for tomorrow?
Are you going to make another account? I follow you, and your plays are always on point
They can actually afford this one
Was waiting like a hawk on the shortseller report on FUBO and got in and out of puts at a 30% profit. But should have waited because its getting absolutely fucked.  
  
R.I.P. **FUBO**, you served me well.  
  
Where my Fubros at?
Only a matter of time til fElon Musk announces another split I guess.
They post that allot for different stocks
[deleted]
FL..XN gonna have me flexin
aight just checked the gains im yoloing in
Neither of those websites load?
Man I was confused until I realized this wasn’t FREEDOMDATING nomenclature
Exactly but this one you do on purpose
This guy is a cuck, our cuck.
Dude we are retarded not idiots. No one other then nut jobs and gullible idiots actually think there is voter fraud that’s wide spread enough to even see any type of impact.
I like being up 3%. 


I don’t like being down 3%.
Sold at open for 86 cents a piece. 

Still made about 12%, but it's much less than it was yesterday. 

C'est la vie with stupid positions!!!
Damn you TSLA.... stop it... stop it right now.
Check back in 6 months
Accumulation and forming a new bottom.
Been done with school for years. Aight im bored now you're pretty garbage at this
That seems like a better idea. Thanks!
NIO [🚀](https://emojis.wiki/rocket/#:~:text=Meaning%20of%20%F0%9F%9A%80%20Rocket%20Emoji,user%20is%20determined%20to%20fulfill.)[🚀](https://emojis.wiki/rocket/#:~:text=Meaning%20of%20%F0%9F%9A%80%20Rocket%20Emoji,user%20is%20determined%20to%20fulfill.)
he bought? ok hold on
Have you read a description of those patents. It's nothing innovative. e.g. 
1. "Methods and systems for providing a user interface for managing parts production and delivery statuses".
2. "Systems and methods for filtering and visualizing large scale datasets"

These are not quality patents come on dude. Apollo is not a general audience software. How is that suppose to scale if it requires weeks of engineering teams time to get customers setup? They can improve their deployment process up to only a certain point, there are diminishing returns. 

And again, it is not SAAS. Engineers will need to hand hold the customers for the length of the contract. It is not a deploy and forget like a true SAAS company. It is like a higher caliber SAP company and nothing more.
I should have put more in Monday :(
😆
Mitch be looking like Franklin the turtle, let's be real
LOL we were saying that at 487, and we will be at 847.
1dte are LEAPs finally!
"Low" is when it was $4.
Yes, I just want to leverage my money to act close to owning 100 shares at a cheaper price, buying deep ITM has high delta which allows for nice leverage
I know right, who uses light mode?
Imagine not buying it at $687
Thanks!!
Sure bud. I'm sure you'll 4x your money overall by EOY 2021. Hey everyone, we have THE market's premier genius right here! Gather 'round!
yeah and yet stock trading is a turn off. how does that work? is it like stock trading is an initial turn off until the women learns you made over 6 figures this year alone from stock trading?
The trajectory is fantastic.

Foundry and Gotham are not programs to be installed on each computer, they replace the enterprise operating system, they become the platform which every computer and mobile device interfaces with. It molds human with machine much more efficiently than software of old, this is web 2.0.

This is much closer to SaaS multiple than consulting, once institutional investors get their shares at lockup and questions answered in the next month, the current multiple will expand.
Looking like a time to make a call? Been watching closely.
nope, still usable in that state.
Totally your decision, but you sound more knowledgeable than the core audience I was hoping to enlighten with this post. Cheers to you and best of luck to all of us.
This has worked out so well for every fucker that’s said this in the last year.
[deleted]
IQ in here has dropped 15-18 pts this quarter with an average of 76 currently. jfc
It might be a good company but it’s over valued and all hype, now that doesn’t mean it doesn’t have great day trade or FD potential, but if
you are trying to hold long term get in at a better price.
This guy creeps.
By not investing in unity.
I know this is all of my posts today. I just never get in on a good TSLA day like this.
[removed]
BKNG at all-time high, EXPE not far behind. Airlines project that it will be years before traffic returns to pre-Covid levels. What am I missing?
My DKNG position is fighting for its life. Got in at $53ish. 😱
Hell yea free money
i'd eat her ass with a spoon
[removed]
They bought back shares in 2019 and have 600 million in cash. Offering shares hahahahahahah
I said that when it was $687 pre-split 🤷‍♂️
Imagine a year from now looking back thinking you should’ve just bought TSLA at $687.

Holy shit
When someone posts a big DD post, I buy in every time because I'm thinking about titties
125% on FUBO puts
My dad is like the richest person alive. I don't regret anything.
Man, fuck PLTR. These leaps even suck.
Back in implies you left. Hold strong, brother. We are in the cold winter at Valley Forge and this war will last through the Spring thaw and into the Summer heat. The tendies will taste that much better by then.
If this price happens by March, we gonna have a lot of rich bois.

I think it might.

I’m a little later, but I’m stlganf with you
Yeah man, Cathy is hot as fuck
[deleted]
Autist = anti social = rich
Y'all are actually retarded. All I own is $25 of amd stock but I love tuning in to see you idiots fuck around
Yesterday’s SPY dip was at noon. Are we trading behind schedule here or what?
This is a bit bearish
Yea might take longer than 3 months tho
Elon give me gold thanks
Spreads?
The podcast is really all you need: https://anchor.fm/modernguilt/episodes/EP27--NEXT-STOP--GAMESTOP-MOON-BASE-ensdq6

If you want more, just check out Uber’s post history!
It blows my mind people who have this much money come into this subreddit and shit post with absurd YOLOs
Idk what the fuck RIOT is but fuck it. I’m in.
Imagine NOT buying it! The peak today is the 52 week low for a time traveling PIMP
what’s the damage
Try futures. 

No Theta there.
The decay on GME options is insane.  Buy shares unless you are getting a narrow call spread
Not the 🌈🐻
Yeah a couple people in here commented that these financial channels actually do make good ad revenue on YouTube.

I was under the impression that pretty much nobody made money directly from YouTube unless you had half a million subs.

Will check that channel thx 🙏
Yep. Not gonna look. Won't be pretty. Bought Feb calls last week when it was about $53 so this week has been quite the burn.

I still think there is a rally to push for 60 next month.
Baba needs to move up
Mercadolibre up $60 since I bought a put this morning. Lol it’s not even sad anymore. It’s just a normal thing now to have -99% puts or calls. Like if I bought calls, it would be at $1630 right now.
Are y'all maxing out IRAs on the 1st?
I bought options contracts that I think will be worthless. And didn't know what happened if I couldn't sell them
[deleted]
Oh yeah, too bad no one else is buying it, like hedge funds or Ryan Cohen, or Boomers lurking in WSB.
Just need $dbx to go green. K thanks
what's up with BABA
Dont panic. Squeeze is imminent. GME also has good future prospects so it isnt a pump n dump
That was me I bought 10 shares. You're welcome
nah
Hope that ist selling gme $28 puts is gonna be ok
This mfer inspired me to buy more shares. I wish a mfer would say something.
My eyes are burning reading this
you too!! im not alone!!!

timing the top.... it always works out, right!!  right.....     :(
My doctor said I have antisocial personality disorder
If you didn’t buy the ARCT dip you’re retarded. It dropped 50% 2 months ago and rocketed afterwards
PDCE $30 call 2/19????
no shit
GME dec/31 puts were one of the smartest things I did this week lol
I have two brokerage Accounts. One lends out shares in return for lower comissions (Degiro for the europeans). In this one I "only" have 40 GME, another 310 are bought through another broker who does not lend shares. Now I'm thinking of Transferring the 40 shares into the secured Account.
ugh, finally bought into EOSE. i know i probably missed all the fun dammit
Who’s buying fubo dip
[removed]
Interesting perspective. Especially given your expertise. Thanks for sharing! 

I saw them used a lot on both the floor and in the ICU at the big academic medical center I recently rotated at. The hospital itself even owned a few butterfly devices attached to tablets. Do you think that this is maybe just hospital dependent? 

I would never suggest that they’re comparable to traditional, high-quality US. But I saw physicians get decent cardiac windows, etc. and they seemed to come in handy when we were making quick decisions.
Im gonna eat inside Wendy's
Buying DASH calls expiring tomorrow EOD.  Call me crazy.

Thinking $145c 12/31.

Someone call me a retard so I know I have a chance.
[removed]
multiply by 100
I’m firmly anti TA but I gotta disagree a little here. Knowing what’s coming can definitely help. A little. At the end it just turns a guess into a slightly educated guess.
Why did you buy stuff that expires so soon wtf
Anybody think RYCEY is good for 3 month hold?

EDIT. Just jumped in ....  demand should be growing at some point soon
It's possible they discuss obliquely, I doubt they directly address any specificity regarding the Microsoft deal. My base case is M&A of some sort, or a strategic partnership, oriented around digital gaming / eSports.
It's under investing in the settings. Scroll to the bottom
drank some lmnd today
Damn I feel like I just got to peer into the future
Time to double down
This isn’t correct. If it was completely random, about half would win and about half would lose. But the vast majority of studies on this say 90% lose and 10% win. This is far from “random” or chaos theory bullshit.
or crash with it...one of the two
Read it again:

> ALL the gains after March 25 were After-Hours – everyone lost money during daylight hours... in one of the biggest rallies of all time.
Fuck my wife
I’m equity. 2019 was buying when price dipped below $10. March/April 2020 I bought about 400 shares on top of my existing position around 6.80-7.50. Sold in five share blocks around 17-20 to take back my initial investment (and because they suspended the dividend) and diversify into RIO, BBL and broaden my sector exposure in REITs and Utilities. Am holding now. Hard to resist temptation to sell/kick self for selling early, but I feel good and confident that these shares are solid for the medium term. That they’re out of that oil boondoggle is a bigger deal than they get credit for. Talk about shedding an albatross.
They were legit asking lol
Puts on $TWTR
Bleed!!!
This looks like a gold mine in the making. I mean if they license this tech outside the UK, this could be huge. Countries like India obviously have a waste problem, and this is a viable solution. But I guess they would need to get the cost of their plants down a tad before they go to emerging markets. This tech could be big in the US too.

But again, this isn't new tech. Sweden has been doing this for ages, and there are other companies in the US that do this. I had a friend that worked for a company in Singapore that did something similar, but the process is slightly different and the aim is also not hydrogen extraction, although they did collect the byproduct and sold it. What I'm getting at is, what's this companies USP? What sets them apart from all the other companies doing this?
Imagine buying Tesla at 687 holy shit lmao
Not too late to get in on Tattoo Chef, this thing going to ATH in the next month
That GILD guy better be right!!
But apparently RKT mortgage is?
Options go in hundreds of shares. You’re right about the rest though, just multiply it by 100. If PLTR is at $35 on Jan 22 he’ll make 50 x 100 x ($35 - $30 - $0.98 premium).
If you find yourself paper handing or selling the minute you turn a profit, I suggest using a 15 minute or 1 hr chart. It cuts through a lot of the noise and gives you a bigger picture on how a stock is moving.
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/b0bee the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Bought it a couple months ago, did nothing but bleed until I cut my losses.  
Agree with your thesis but there must be something about this stock, that we fail to understand.
They could have 30-50% cap now if they wanted to imo. I don’t see why stadiums wouldn’t have close to full capacity after widespread vaccine rollout
Fidelity has been great for me
I panic sold THICCBOI and my SQ options and purchased them all back yesterday.

I ended up locking in profits to hack down my cost basis to almost neutral for tax-reasons. It all went juuuust as I planned it.
[removed]
You made a post awhile back showing xl fleet made up about 40% of your portfolio with a value of about $2600. Shut up poor
Nah
^(they ceased operation in 1996. 'twas a joke)
2018 Chinese Memestock Spring
Tesla my bb thank you😛😛
[deleted]
bro...you might wanna google this a little more
I'm in on both as well. 

EOY tax harvesting and profit taking, plus not much news to go on since holidays have been stalling gains this week. January will start moving the needles. I'm buying and holding PLTR for as long as possible, playing GME for a bit to see where it goes in the next few months.
[removed]
You'll regret it.
[deleted]
Just keep making day trades until you get PDT banned then you'll know you've made too many
Feb puts
[removed]
GME BACK ON THE MENU BOYZ
What about all the people who are up a shitton from betting recovery who are waiting till new year to sell?
In the same boat, idk what to do with it
Did you buy to open and now you're trying to sell to close? Or did you sell to open and you're worried about having your shares ripped away?
Could you not...

I put in a sell order order just a few cents above ATH and missed out, then I was like... oh it's fine it'll go back... and now I cry.
Max Payne
Cant wait to fuck his wife
*Buys TSLA puts 

My Brain: I can’t believe you done this
or Schwab
Ok makes sense, appreciate the help
Another obscure streaming service in an oversaturated market dominated by the big boys. idk why anyone bought that shit
Grand slam home run
I'm in for a wild 2021. 

TSLA has printed so much money for so many retards here, GME is next in line. Who's with me?
nah, wsb was saying nio was going to the moon at like $15 and here it is. honestly, I'm surprised nobody here at all picked up on BLNK or OSTK tho
[̲̅$̲̅(̲̅ ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°̲̅)̲̅$̲̅]
Elon Musk
Yeah, I was sure it’s wanna gonna bounce off the lower end of its range. I’ve been trading NVDA all this year lol. Best time will be earnings, huge premiums and NVDA never moves.
Do you see this having anything to do with their deal with Microsoft they made in October? I still haven’t seen anything about that since the news broke
And now how do you feel? It’s been a wild ride!
I have Vanguard for brokerage, roth ira and traditional ira. no complaints.
EOY is tomorrow.
19.10 won’t fall with GME someone just keeps buying.
Who is giving all the gold???
You're doomed.
I can't help but love the fact that we all will be flying to Valhalla together with massive tendies in hand while riding majestic GameStop edition dragons, or we will be eating tendie crumbs from dumpsters with one another for months. Either way, IM IN💎🤲🏼
quadruple axel inversion split gape
I'll be happy to break even at 19
Feels good to be on the right side of history.
[deleted]
A day trade is a full buy and sell of any position within one trading day. If you buy 3 shares or 3 contracts and sell 1, this is not a day trade because you haven’t sold your whole position. If you buy 3 shares SEPARATELY, at different times then selling each will count as a day trade. 

If you buy 3 shares at the same time and sell at the same time on the same day that’s one day trade.
[deleted]
Thanks, you as well. If you hear anything about CLF or steel/ Iron ore . Give me a heads up!
No explanation needed, I trust William Li as much as I trust Elon
I can see your insurance company in court right now citing wsb 😂😂😂
Chinese e-commerce like BABA and JD. I didn’t know anything about them until last night. The more I read, the more I liked.
I’m still holding some 300 VALE shares and IV is so low it’s not worth selling covered calls. I also like the nickel play and the company in general, but the stock is at an ATH and close to 90B market cap, so it’s difficult for me to assess the upward potential, especially with steel prices riding super high.

I mean, who knows - the long sideways trading could lead to a volatility squeze, I haven’t looked at the chart to be honest. Until I do, I’m just sitting on shares, but I do like your ideas, especially for March.
Are long term AAL calls a good play? Or is regular travel still too far away?
Yes. All is well put, that last bit is the coup de grace: "management has to convincingly take BK off the table."
EXPC the next THCBBBB
Thanks 👍🏻
All out war at $34 on FUBO. Volume is going nuts.
Did you pull out profits u/the_og_steve?
Can we get a PLTR PAAAAMP? I’ve got 1/15 calls
Earnings? Who needs profit, we mooning boiiiii
SPACS DEAD?
Call put isn’t a thing. Don’t sell puts if you don’t know what it means lol
[deleted]
The Doomsayers were right.  TSLA clearly has no upside following S&P inclusion.
No doubt he isn’t doing that? Huh I think you meant the opposite. I agree with you. Seth Klarman and all the other institutions are WRONG. Guggenheim with 22m shares in this.. suckers haha. The institutional support here is SHIT
I am so mystified by that. They had their lockup expiration this week and the stock rocketed.
Mess with the bulls, your wife gets the shits.
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/pinghing the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
punp and dunp
460??
Not true. Takes 2 days to settle. Now you’re the noob.
Yes. There are reasons to exercise OTM calls. Dividend capture is one.
Always 💎🙌🏼 and hope the extra gains outweigh the sunk ones
7 8 9 so it took its place
💎❤️ **QQQJ** LEAPs ❤️💎
Straight into mars
Why not do a buy write?  Buy 100 shares, sell the 22.5c.  It’s the same risk and profit profile plus you’ll also get the warrants post merger and you could get assigned early which would be free premium.
It won’t tank, that’s the point. Nav is 20 plus you get 2/9 (or possibly more) of a warrant for each share, so it’s closer to 23 actually. Dec puts are selling for around 500, so that’s a free 20% from selling the premium.
What’s the story with AT&T? Huge call volume but the thing won’t budge an inch
Fidelity or Vanguard
The thing is there are much better things to invest in than a store that tbh i’m shocked hasn’t issued more shares at this insane price, and the GMEtards specifically spam a shitload so people are sick of them
NIO gang winning 🚀
TSLA $700 EOY
Because its up a good amount, premiums will be up as well.  Wait for a few flat days or a drop.
shouldnt you be zoning or something 💀💀💀
Source?
I'm a bot. Recent empty self posts, noob questions, and spam which people were temp-banned for. Bans are 1-2 days to discourage posts that ought to be comments.

User|Post Title
:--|:--
/u/LeftHandMorty|[What's up with bilibili](https://redd.it/kn6m0f)
/u/Beautiful-Ad6750|[I'm so proud of who I've become](https://redd.it/kn6xzx)
/u/saladsparklingwater|[January 2021 Calls](https://redd.it/kn7562)
/u/just_trying_to_win|[PUMP GME](https://redd.it/kn76na)
/u/Snow_Monkeysj5|[FUBOTV price dipping](https://redd.it/kn77qk)
/u/Sandvicheater|[Taking early profits regret stories](https://redd.it/kn7elb)
/u/Cejayem|[With vaccines rolling out we can expect more autists around. Invest now before the flood of vaccine autists eliminate all dips. The dip is now](https://redd.it/kn7fh5)
/u/ThenStudy|[AZN going to blow up baby!](https://redd.it/kn7gio)
/u/aerozeppelinn|[Why in the world is FDX tanking?](https://redd.it/kn7jw3)
/u/NoodleyP|[Wsb will buy a full company eventually.](https://redd.it/kn7p4e)
You're wild
The G stands for GUH.
My GME option April 16 2021 25 call was down .7 this morning when stock was UP and is still down. 7 when stock is down. It has moved some in between but seems kind of odd
1/15/21?  
Damn son. Good luck and god speed retard.
Similar for me, been a rough week
Strong recovery from LMND past couple days
Give us TSLA 700

2020 deserve TSLA 700
elon pls go back to 650
PLTR SUCKS BECAUSE IT HASN'T GONE UP ANOTHER 328% IN THE LAST TWO WEEKS FUCK THIS COMPANY IT'S TRASH AND NEVER GOING UP ANOTHER CENT C'MON I NEED TO MAKE A PAYMENT ON THE TWO LAMBOS I JUST BOUGHT.

J/k, I'm working on building a large position by buying on dips and holding because this company it is likely going to do really well over the next five years.
RRRREEEEEEEE BACK IN 300 SHARES I WAS GONNA BUY DOGFOOD BUT HE NEEDS A DIET
Fair point mister ButtSliding
Because they are paying premiums and rolling it up to more expensive premiums, eventually you can't keep going.
TSLA TO $100000000000000000
Looking to open a Roth IRA. Top brokerage picks for retirement accounts?
You can create a tight spread that pays out similarly
Politics. Are. Irrelevant.

And you're betting on industrial/technologic revolutions that haven't started yet. Most likely you're too early, or the market won't react as you think, or GE won't be part of it for a company specific reason, or the change will be slow or unspectacular.

GE is still a solid buy from me as they're also into nuclear science and military tech even though the public doesn't associate them with that.
[deleted]
FUBO insiders droppin off their luggage on plebs like the LAX baggage claim
Hey guys, check out Cozy Bear over here.
Hey fuck u
EVERYONE USE UR STIMULUS MONEY TO BUY CHINA STOCKS (BABA, NIO 🌝 🚀)
It’s not about the money, but the retard friendships we made along the way
How do I check how many day trades I have left on RH this week??
Yeah, I'm hoping to sell in the run up.

No doubt they will 'leak' some news in the lead up.

C 50 Jan 15
Except your broker can only lend out shares purchased on margin and not shares that are cash secured, so they are completely different and spreading harmful information to the GME squeeze by stating otherwise.
Do they even know how to cashflow
Ok
Yahoo is owned by Verizon now, literally the world's most boring stock, so source checks out.
Yeah but my back really hurts *wink wink*
The Big Short 2 is looking lit
Yes. They expire Jan 4th
I would be careful with that right now, they might run Monday and Tuesday on hopium. That’s my expectation at this point.
I don’t have SUMO but I’ve been noticing the chart lately, that shit is just stupidly volatile. Oh ima go up 3%, now watch me drop 5% in an hour lololol 🤪
Trading212 safes lives
what exp? it's destined for $200-300 within a year
Thank you for your sacrifice!
Barely any dips to buy
Lmao.  Synthetic longs...  Godspeed soldier.
Bruh those people have cost bases at like $16
That guy looks like such a douchebag, I just invested another $20K in GME on his Twitter profile pic alone.
2021 would be a better year PLTR GANG 🌓🚀
Because insurance isn’t fun like EV batteries and videogames
Doesn’t matter if she’s rich.
Buy it all
Glad I stayed to the end PLTR $100
Obviously, just look at the number of options expiring tomorrow
Thanks CPT Obvious, and not just calls, sold puts too
Yeah don’t take my advice, I’m still learning options. Seems like you got it figured out Though. I don’t really got the balls for weeklys. I do stupid things when my account  starts swinging a lot
I'd probably roll it or something so I don't have to worry about it, but I think you'd end up with a margin call + short position (your LEAP won't be auto-exercised). If I woke up to that I'd just buy the 100 PLTR shares and leave my LEAP alone; it's there for long term cap gains.

I think margin call + short position is also what happens to spreads in general but I haven't gotten assigned on one and I try my best to keep it that way.
GME chart looks like a toddler banging on piano keys
Bloomberg already showed the quarter numbers
Why do you treat this sub like your personal Facebook or some shit?  Get fucked with these posts
Yeah, still shouldn’t fuck with options as a noob.
This going to drop to the floor or moon?
Nokia 2022 $7c @ .14
Praise
"What did you do today?"

"I just casually frisbee'd a piece of bread right into this bears mouth"
Ya I got usaa so I ain’t counting on a swift delivery
Wtf makes 687 so special?? Blast through that shit!
I wanna who all the gay ass paper handed bitches that keep selling and making the stock drop. 

Fuck you 🌈 🐻.
Are those dates in european?
Oh he fukt
TLRY going to moon
 [FUELCELL ENERGY | Ultra-Clean, efficient, reliable power](https://www.fuelcellenergy.com/)
Bullish or bearish wtf I can’t read
If I was Micheal Burry’s wife I would divorce him and buy a Tesla Model S
it's weird today BOTH travel and small-cap stay at home(ecommerce, data, meme) are pumping. Not BIGLY pumping, but still smalltime green
I’m dumping everything in PSTH warrants and taking a break. Happy new year retards!
[deleted]
Boring ass flat ass week BRING ON THE NEW YEAR RALLY
Why risk gains? Good enough to ask about, good enough to sell. Buy a share as a trophy
Hope everyone is ok
great day for arkk
As Tesla calls
No idea how he came up with a PE of 85x, but where are you getting that CRSR is operating at a loss in 2020? Their net income through Q3 was $60M.
whenever a stock moves flat like BABA is today, i sense it's calculating how best to screw over the most number of people who bought options, creating exactly the right path to inflict maximum damage
They just started sending them out last night. I don't think any of the dinosaur banks show the funds until a couple days later.
Now really think about that statement and think how likely it is to happen. Incoming “watch what happened to Baba happen to NIO comments” 💀
Stratton Oakmont is buying the **GME** dip
Plz explain, is it one of those things where people can exercise OTM but virtually never do?
Tsla gon crash the market
I mean, this has been an ego battle for a while now, it's not entirely profit/loss driven. As much as we want to make money at their expense, they probably have a bone to pick with us and prove that we are, at the end of the day, just a bunch of clueless retards.

Problem for them is, us being clueless retards is not gonna matter in the end. The market will do what the market always does - remain irrational longer than they can remain solvent - and they'll have to accept they are not gonna make money on this play.
GME u wild. I like throwing away money tho so u do what u please
Why does LMND hardly get mentioned here? Would think it’s right up WSB’s street.
Yeah I don’t see it either. But there might be some sort of squeeze short term. It’s not a long term investment def tho
Let us know how that turns out for ya
Sir this is WSB
When I 💎🙌 calls, they expire worthless. I take profit and they 🚀
EST is the only time that matters for this dude...
Elon Musk or Warren Buffet.
>  I'm not an expert, but because of NIMBY, its likely that a lot of HVDC will be buried along rail lines (From what I read).

To synegisticlly (is that a word?) add to this, use the ideas from [Alan Drakes Silver BB proposal](http://theoildrum.com/node/4301) to electrify 20% of Americas rail lines.  Assuming the 80/20 rule holds, the heaviest-used 20% if rail corridors carry 80% of the freight.  This is another demand source for generators and will help offset the cost of leasing the corridor from the railroads.  Since locomotives use diesel instead of petrol/gasolene, moving to electric traction is even greener than electrifying the PMV fleet.  Plus this means vast new orders for locomotives from the currently languishing loco builders.
[deleted]
lol tell me about it. The drop from 8.50 to sub-7 was disgusting.

My pf is like 60% APHA at 5 bucks. Got some 1/15 7.5c too.
are you canadian? the 29th is just if you're canadian. in america it's the 31st
My point is ...being where he is he probably knows a little more than wall st bets. The bank thing  is beside the point. As GME stock steadily slides.
PSTH going up and up is very encouraging, could really fly once who is the target becomes clearer.
getting railed
Averaged down my TSLA calls. I should’ve bought at EOD but I bought at 10am. Looks like I’ll be fine though.
Retarded short term OTM gamble that I waited until exp on Dec 18th, I guess hindsight I missed out on like 32$. oh well..
Slv calls
Oh yeah buy that freakin dip
Just got rear ended.....i made it bois
Withdraw $20k and start over
$ZS put me where I am now, might have to join ya on the quest for gains
Tesla ... Q4 deliveries habbening???
I bought in at 100, pre split. So pretty happy. Not made me a millionaire, but it's done me good.
🌜🌛
just use margin in that case
Hi Mickey Mouse 🥰
money up front.  this is a business not a charity
You’ll catch hate but nothing you said is wrong lol
Jan 15th? those calls are fucked
I don't think I've ever seen so many awards in one comment section before
fubo goin outta style like fubu
You do better trades if you listen to classical music while doing it.
False
I'd stay away, wouldn't go either short or long on the company
TSLA 694.20 doable EOD
It’s not necessarily undervalued but considering they have that much revenue, they can do anything they want. They can pull the supply chain strings to make an enormous profit if they wanted to. They aren’t going anywhere anytime soon and haven’t even introduced much tech in the operation. Doug is also doing a lot for them in that space and will continue to ensure they innovate. When you look at other market caps it’s wildly undervalued however. You’re telling me Amazon being worth 4x Walmart makes sense? Sure Amazon deserves to be worth more but not 4x lol. Either everything else deserves to come down or Walmart goes up.
DKNG calls for the Super Bowl must be free money
Bold of you to assume I'm older than 25
tsla IS the moon
Up around 40% on 12/31 SE 200c. Hold this overnight?
Pretty much agreed!
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/TwiXXXie96 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
What do we think about the possibility of another round of stim next year?
AAPL can’t grow. They still have that problem. The last rally is meaningless. 

Won’t touch that fucker regardless.
Got puts on tsla noway it breaks 700
[deleted]
[It's been a pretty easy weekly play the last 2 months.](https://imgur.com/a/HuWEUlt) Like it's probably not supposed to be that predictable and is ruining my expectations for how stonks are supposed to go.

Definitely has more in it. Hope you make lots of money, guy.
Nio 60c 12/31 !
Then I’ll load up more
Yahoo Finance article from yesterday: “Time to buy the dip in FuboTV?”

😂

Apparently it was not.
Yeah its just over a third of my roth haha - but Roku took me from 12k in contributions up to 28k this year so Im feeling frisky
What about checking company financials or is that too autist to be returded
what do you want
i dont have funds for any shit that could happen. I can lose the price I paid for the contracts
Why would I pull out of PLUG for a dying company, it's doing better lmao
Selling apparently
In simple, Tesla has a ridiculous evaluation people see this, and want to take the risk to make money from it. But in my opinion Tesla isn’t as far ahead as people make it out to be.
I told y bout HIMX earlier today. Didn't I 🤑
I have YT Premium because I can't stand ads, I don't know how people still tolerate them.
Anthing whose current IV is not at ATH for sure
Ass raping myself with the paper stock certificates hbu
1000 P/E is the new standard, why not pump the shit out of small caps too?
Normal AAPL moves, seems like most of the time it just trades sideways.
687 Lets Goooooo TSLA
Doing research on stocks is like finding patterns in the digits of pi. There'll be some, because thats how random works, but the vast, vast majority will be nonsense.

Stock market has too many influencing variables to predict better than random. At least on the human scale. Bots are a bit better but still limited below certainty with their guesses.
YASS NVDA SLAY QUEEEN
I am secretly hoping for a huge gap down. I missed the boat back in March :(
Wish there was an option where you bet on a stock hitting a specific price by a specific date. As long as the stock hits that price you win, winnings are cashed out automatically. Fixed buy in and fixed winnings. No theta fucking. Similar to sports betting
as long as game is flat or up you're good, but if it goes down you are positively fucking screwed
BA shutting down 787 Dreamliner production.

BA $150.
Do people YOLO because they're broke incel autists, or do people become broke incel autists because they YOLO?

(Yes.)
[deleted]
Why's it going to tank?
All that is priced in and then Jeff Bezos donating Amazon to Elon
Man these FCX calls have been straight printing
Even after yesterday I’m up 60% on my THC🐝 shares, should I sell now? Feel like SPACs are losing steam.
Absolutely
What did you buy? Lol
I’m to broke to actually buy, but I’ll paper trade with y’all. $GME!
so buy the index or puts?
Gainz are gainz my friend
Agreed!
Because we’re balls deep in it.
Look I don’t doubt her but on the surface this looks like a turd wrapped in a day old taco.
If the general feeling here is that we want a short squeeze, and buying shares in a margin account does “provide ammunition” to shorts, why not just let them short and hang from a longer $ROPE when the squeeze pops? Making shares unavailable for lending will dampen the squeeze effect.
This is the worst case scenario for PMCC. You either exercise your LEAP and pay the difference or you take the loss on your sold call and keep the LEAP. Exercising the leap means you lose a whole lot of extrinsic value, while taking the L and keeping the LEAP, well you might as well have sold a naked call.
If the IV cools on it, I'm buying some puts fo sho
How large of a position
Hedge prob
Anyone else playing NH long?
Selling puts in the meantime
Amen, brother
You shouldn’t fuck with options as a noob
the future
[removed]
TSLA ATH EOD. Pleas Papa Elon tweet something for boosters 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏💰💰💰💰💰
What did I just watch?
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/HeinrichsoN the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Sir, this is WSB. We don’t use logic here 🤣
It was elbert county - co springs area, but your point is valid. Ski towns got it bad in March. (I'm in meeker at the moment).
Anyone else going long NVDA? I bought 3/19 460c, I’m hopeful!
Gold calls?
Tesla max strike
I hope you jumped in!
[deleted]
I’m up 0.09% today. #crumbs
It’s not dead. It’s fighting the bears and will emerge wearing a bear coat.
wait and find out lol
TSLA 🙌🏻🙌🏻🙌🏻
Lol zoom out a little bit there buddy.
It was never time to leave
HIMX premiums are dummy cheap
Fuck I might just wait to break even on GME and get into something else. My risk tolerance is not high enough to have it go back down to $5
Why can't GME become like Netflix before streaming? Or actually more like Amazon, but to gaming only. Partner with fast foods for rev share to drop returns? Buy  some nuggets while at it ? I don't know...I'd try that if I were to call the shots at GME
Dude, it’s trading on 2090 earnings.
First they ignored us, now they're laughing at us, soon they will be fighting us, at the end we win and they join us. 

Soon WSB will be able to fight MM's. Mark my words. There is already enough power here to move penny stonks, and soon the 1b cap will be way to small for us. 

In retards we trust!
with a market cap at over 600bn$ with earnings of a 6bn$ company
What's up with RobinHood taking so damn long to transfer money
[deleted]
Yeah, thank you, too.  The thing is that there can be only a small amount of short selling which can cause longs to pile into the selling.  Particularly the ones that have no idea what they are doing and should be doing just the opposite of what they're doing.  Same thing happens on the upside with FOMO.   8 times out of 10, it's a mistake.
$15p GME
Yes and they are about to manipulate it to new highs in 2021 because of major inflationary pressures
Rookie numbers. Try 10% everyday for 4 days straight.
lmnd 140c... plz
No if you can’t afford it it’s free. You’d decline it because you’d rather not have it then pay for it. Kind of like if they let you opt out of all the taxes you pay for your care.
Cause china 🇨🇳. Buy HUYA also- great company
I mean, it's not sexy. But it's a standard solid growth stock for Leaps at the right price. But today's not the day
Did you go to a target school?
Someone’s gotta squeeze these tits..
Thx will check him out
Sell half if u a bitch
It's so meta the meta exploded.

Buy XRP you tards.
Rich traders here, I guess.
TEEEEEE DOC
27 by EoY!
[deleted]
I’m just confused as to why bilibili keeps outperforming them despite worse financials
how much more could you lose?
Contrarians
Why?
Hush. We just flew past it!!!
Calls on Morgan putting a finger or three in my butt and me liking it.
[removed]
Oh, yes. Nio day will get that rocket boosted
This is the way
0930 tomorrow right?
Why out of all years did the Russell 2000 break out of its 5 year flat streak 

New investors? Stimulus? Over due?
Dude who’s giving gold can I get a reply rather than gold
Bail
yeah it's breaking it next week
IIPR to the moon
I was told that Cathie only knows best.
Fubo needs to sleep with the fishes
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
[deleted]
Crying into a pillow.
let me guess. happy manager of 15 years speaking lol
i have one 20 calls that expires jan 2022... im just chilling with it... too stressful to time it right
How drunk were you when you wrote this post?
It can only be exercised if it’s in the money
They should. Way better investment than WeWork
Ppl declaring stocks "dead" on the day before new years eve after a huge bull run when ppl need to sell for profits....

this week was always gonna be whack. And look I'm long NIO and TSLA but both gonna stop upward momentum here and drop tmw. That doesn't mean they dead.
HLIX is my penny stock play. Been in it since April. They’re merging with another company and will be on the nasdaq in a month. It’s a tech weed stock so my PT is $100.
[deleted]
Aaaaaand it’s gone
I’m bullish, but I think I sold you some of those calls.

Heads up that earnings and lock-up catalysts are in February. Not sure how much Karp’s interview and Demo day will actually move the price in January.
Are these guys connected to the iCar?
No- actually the opposite. 

I’m still floating 30% above- so I can take another recession.
They're gonna break that wall and Mexico is gonna pay for it
yes
Don’t gilde me, buy $GME instead 

🚀🚀🚀🌕
What deep OTM LEAP lottery ticket should i buy?
Good luck dog
High was 686.99
nigga tomorrow last trading day
Anybody holding FSR 2/19 17.5c?? Fuck me
Amen
I broke the 100K , now what ?! Loose the shit on FD ? Got it
This was a temporary event driven by share recalls. You’ll never get anywhere close to what the broker is receiving, except through embedded put vs. call premiums
Just got done jerking it to my gains
What is with this DASH floor at 140? DIE DOORDASH DIE
LOL
ok, so it doesnt somehow excise
looks like it's time to hop back on the ARK
It’ll run into NIO DAY
Might be something to this whole value investing thing. Bought HIMX on my paper account yesterday and it’s up 20% today
Now that is a fact
Congrats, unless you lost 25k then sorry.
Cuz that shit is manipulated as fuck.
I don’t know anything about it but those are some impressive gains
It's not only about the gme tendies man it's also about proving that a bunch of autists can burn the world
This one boggles me. Why are they loading up on TAK?
Yeah this is the problem. It's harder to find information in the information age. Everyone knows how to do SEO so their shit tier content gets high SERP ranking. 

We are going backwards and it pissed me off. I dream of an app that will summarize and edit YT videos for me...cut out all the BS and give me the TLDW.
because all that is priced in and then some.
let it ride
[deleted]
This threat is about shitty DD, not mstr 🤦‍♂️
Ban this retard
[deleted]
[deleted]
ESG + Weed run up till Tuesday imo.

ez gains
GME is the next Amazon
[Saw it here](https://www.benzinga.com/markets/options/20/12/18968716/10-consumer-discretionary-stocks-with-unusual-options-alerts-in-todays-session), but you can also use cheddarflow or blackbox.
[deleted]
Cathie buffet to the moon ❤️
I love those Benzinga news alerts when they just say “We have no fucking clue what caused this price movement”. It’s more honest than a place like CNBC that will come up with an excuse for any price movement.
[deleted]
Think that was the point my dude
Thats a moon face m8 dont be silly
It’ll expire worthless so you lose all the money you bought it with
Reading this made me want to short Tesla
Lolwut
Nope calls, bezos hair can only go up.
I’m a noob. I should waited until EOD yesterday to buy calls. I didn’t know yesterday was the last day to lock in 2020 gainz/losses. That little move cost me 15% of my account.
Watch out for APHA earnings in two weeks. Sector usually runs beforehand.
What’s everyone doing with GOEV?
OTM though
I feel like I already missed the train on Pokémon. I'm holding onto a bunch of yugioh singles and sealed boxes instead.
Means investors took profit by taking money out.

But ARKK is actively managed ETF. Cathie will adjust holdings everyday. Some investors locked in profit because ARKK had an unbelievable year. If you believe in Cathie for 2021, there is nothing for you to worry about
[deleted]
Shame you missed the free 3x then if it was so obvious.
Since I'm a retard, what happens to the LEAP if it gets in the money, do you just buy to close and take the loss on the  short term call?
MA calls NOW!!!
[deleted]
Hell yeah ! Chinese Tesla is a win
Haven't even bothered opening my account all week. One of the most inactive weeks by me because DKNG refuses to do shit on the upside. Having to baghold is depressing af.
Sign of the top

WSB is fully invested. No more rocket fuel
Always floss every day
I feel like we need a primer on what an actual pump and dump is. This subreddit in general has absolutely no clue what it is.

GME is trading over 100 million (almost 200 million) dollars value per day for christ's sake. It's impossible to pump and dump unless you're running a multi billion dollar hedge fund. To pump it you'd have to be hitting it with 10s of millions of shares per day and standing on the bid for hours at a time.

WSB can slightly pressure the price upward by buying and holding thus reducing the float available. But the stock is trading on the same big money flows that are moving everything else in the stock market.

There hasn't even been a little bit of a short squeeze yet. If there is it will be unwound over time and isn't going to be this dramatic violent thing people are imagining. Apple used to have a large short interest, if you can believe it, and the just edged out over time. Same with Tesla. Same with any stock that goes up for a long enough period of time. Eventually old short positions get to the point that even if the stock went to zero it would not turn green, or would turn green but not green enough to wait on Tesla going bankrupt.

That's the key by the way. The management has to *convincingly* take BK off the table. Once that happens the short interest melts away as trades become unlikely to ever make money.
I’ll eat 1 day expired cake if $GME doenst bankrupt half the retards here
Insane volume on 1DTE calls for TSLA smh
Gme is a slow torture...
Sold 60% before merger, but I’m banking on the rest to bring me to Valhalla (in a Canoo of course)
OTM
Bitchoin being a chunky boi
[deleted]
Panic sell GME? Down 50% on 1/22 $23 calls
[deleted]
Don’t worry if stocks
[deleted]
Why would anyone short Tesla? They're the most future oriented company on Earth, with amazing leadership, technology that is years ahead of all of it's competition, and huge amounts of Data to feed its Autonomous AI, an extensive charging network,  and on top of that they produce solar panels and energy storage solutions.
[deleted]
Do you want free money? Sell 22.5 puts on PSTH, Jun or Dec opex.
50k
Not yet 😡😤
Not yet...
easily
Why not do a build and then buy a cheap chromebook
Just seems to happen with everything, Tesla battery day namely
[deleted]
gov can't do shit to goog
that leap would be a 3rd of my portfolio LOL that’s the only reason why I’m hesitant
Why
🍎
Check your Robin Hood they were depositing it there
The trick is keeping 💎 🙌🏻 without blowing out the O-ring
But if the squeeze is going to be as catastrophic for shorts as people are theorizing, then why the fuck wouldn’t they want to keep the price down until the market tanks so they can get out
[removed]
ARKK is being a bro but ICLN and SE are my main homies rn
Probably 25k
$0
Is today big green bc stimmy?
We own somewhere around the 5% ballpark and are right there with the big hedgie schlongs like Senvest or Dimensional Fund [https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/GME/holders?p=GME](https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/GME/holders?p=GME)
Getting railed. Why is it dying?
In my experience the better the company the worse the customer support is, so SQ 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
😂 oh wow buddy
stop looking at the stock price for leaps, I sold by DIS leaps this year for a loss... had I held them I'd have made 400%... chill out and check back in 3 months.
You sound broke
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/nagostin23 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Stop talking about gme. Idk why you guys bought this
PLTR needs to die
It’s been oversold, has to reverse sooner or later.
Not once on this sub have I seen a Gains flair post where they attributed winnings to Apple. We all live in delusion 🤡 🍎
I thought their biggest position  L Brands is an interesting choice. That's done well too. 

They've been short GME almost consistently since at least 2017 - no idea why you wouldn't close a short that's gone from 40 to 4.
Sideways trading with small pumps. Down 40% today. I’m done. See y’all next Thursday.
MU anyone? Earnings is 1/7
Why?
big fucking tendies
Does anyone know if Softbank funds Hentai?
Revenue is not profits. And if it is undervalued, what's the catalyst that will finally cause shares to reach fair value?
Correction, $PLTR keeps winning\*
[removed]
🚀🚀🚀
[deleted]
Honest question, how do you think they would make money in e-sports exactly? Charge people to have a venue? (Presumably the store) Sponsorships? Streaming? What’s the overhead for something like that? Seems like it would come with a lot of liability especially with the virus and all.
Yeah like I said...pure gamble on my part. My Roth has been popping off with shares so I have some cushion to yolo.
Yes do it I have nothing to lose
My $UVXY $15c going to print this week?
Srsly. BB letting me down too.
Dude is probably glued to the charts rn
Why arent you nubs buying slv it's about to rocket up with dxy dying
think nio can break 50 next month?
Why is it certain ?
Need SQ at 220 so my calls don’t expire worthless
Also, there are like 100 other mining stocks to lose your money in who are also hyping up their companies since tesla battery day with their new labs and factories fluff story.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Yea, we holding bags and I need it above $25 on the 15th

Fuck I'll be happy to break even
FFS, please translate to Autist language.
Call or put
Might be might turn now. I just bought few shares
Lets go fuckers, dead shorts is what I want
Holding heavy palantir and xl bags
generational dip buy at 70 before it hits 150
¿Out of curiosity, WSB have any of you gotten your direct deposit from los federales?
Depends on the news

But a pullback after is more likely than a rally. 

This shit tho in 2021 should fly
100k
[deleted]
WSB ain't got time for this Theta gang market.
Apple cannot flush into close or it will be kill shot for it
Chicken Genius is legit. I'm pretty new to investing and I've learned so much from the guy. I used to hate his videos because I find his jokes not funny. But the guy is pretty good and informative.
Packed football Stadiums next season.  By packed you mean 30-50% cap?  I don't think we are going to be seeing full stadiums allowed or wanted next flu season.
Hesitant? Shorterers lost more money than all airlines.
Yes
GME 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Yep
Lower your ask price
I'm severely retarded so help me out here

How do these options work? Am I reading it right thinking that he has paid $0.98 today for the right to buy PLTR for $30 on 22nd Jan 21. and he has bought 50 of these options so has spent $49 (50 x $48).

So if PLTR is $35 on that date he'll make a profit of $4.02 x 50.
Ūbubūbù
Oh I can tell you're king Karen 🤴
You're supporting my argument. A couple hours for a few cases. 14 days on average. How is this good?

How long does it take someone to get up and running with Photoshop or Shopify? No engineers involved. A couple hours even with the least technical of people.

To get started with Palantir's software, Palantir has to deploy their own engineers just to get customers up and running. This is a consulting company not a SAAS.
What is even going on here?
[deleted]
Where do you find these?
Just need some cheap weed puts for runoff next week.
Broke the 25k wall what’s the next one?
Anyone in FUBO should check out Crackle! You’ll love it. 

😂👌
ITM or OTM?
I use a synthetic, if that counts.
Not yet
$30 next month
PDD BUSTING DOWN WALLS LIKE ITS NAMED JOHNNY SINS
Definitely want to get some a year or two out with some of the profits I hopefully make here. See you on the 🌙 brother!!
Most of the stuff is calculated EOD. Idk how big your cash position was in the morning but its possible that 11k is what tripped you up and put you over the day trade limit
Notorious for throwing away my gains on unusual whales plays when I could’ve made like 15% day trading
Shorting GME on pops remains free money
My 11 c Jan 15 21 calls don't like this :(
NIO $100 2021?
fukk someone lost their life savings
What does this mean
[deleted]
Too vague. You weren't even selling your AMZN option on same day you bought it so theres no way that would trigger PDT (and your acc is over 50k anyway). Lots of missing info here
What’s good with RIOT, shit if flyin’. Wishing I bought way more a couple weeks ago
Investors took money out. They took profit
[removed]
As soon as I give up and sell my calls. :(
Got up at 6am. Took me about 2hrs to clean up my driveway. Proceeded to sleep since. My body is sooo sore.
It was
community, whats the difference between a sell put and a call put. ill buy a share of gme if some1 answers
Indeed
My man  🙋🏼‍♂️🙋🏽‍♂️  🙋🏼‍♂️🙋🏽‍♂️  🙋🏼‍♂️🙋🏽‍♂️  🙋🏼‍♂️🙋🏽‍♂️  🙋🏼‍♂️🙋🏽‍♂️  🙋🏼‍♂️🙋🏽‍♂️  🙋🏼‍♂️🙋🏽‍♂️
Leaps are always safest due to low theta and ample time for movement.
Probably a hedge fund trying to burn some money for taxes
No 13 dollar March and April, and 14 dollar June. I bought in right before the aqusition finalized, so I’m already green. The reason I like It is CLF hasnt really come out and really nailed down what they expect to earn with the new aquisitions. Even without other steel companies doing well,I think this thing has a lot of potential, I’m betting on a huge surprise earnings and guidance. Personally I think it’s gonna blow past 20 even without the steel market going crazy
If they let my options roll to EOD instead of selling them off early, I’d be soooo happy.

Other than that, single day options seem a fast way to lose money.
should have sold pre-merger like a real trader, champ
everybody get up its time to LL NW now
Almost certainly
TSLA can’t break 685 wall. SAD.
Everything just dumping into Chinese stocks lol
[deleted]
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/nagostin23 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
[Alistar - "Mess with the bull and you get the horns!"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dgKnlZ9wi98)
[deleted]
Wish I had got in on that. Maybe tomorrow
whats that mean
hedging
GOD SPEED
Okay then i should remove this post?
I was trending 22% yearly gain. Now down to 12% within the past week
Bough spy puts that expire on my birthday 1/4. 3.5k in
Guess I’m getting fucked on this one
[removed]
*With the asking price today instead of bid price because Uptick Rule is in effect.
Max Payne
Why is baidu up so much
Thanks bought 200 stock. Now 1$ up
Nikola reminds me of Theranos
Is nio day going to be a sell the news event?
Think I can swing a 15th mortgage on my wife's boyfriend's condo...

All aboard the retard train! 

Choo choooooooo
THCB just bitch slapped $17
Oh lol, well then...
⚰️
[deleted]
if i fat fingered PLT instead of PLTR, i'd be having a much better day today..
I figured it was Elon.
[deleted]
750 shares,  averaged down to around 27.50.  120% of my portfolio.  I want some back to put in RYCEY.
Elon's bangin Jeff's women...
Nah I make too much money
Ballsy
counting on that, else gotta run from them sharks
Can’t buy calls if no one has incentive to sell them, or if Schwab doesn’t approve you
[deleted]
[deleted]
Yeah wsb has been all in on this shit stock since the summer, didn't you know? XD
Hey WSB, I don't normally participate in your insane bullshit but I think it's time for me to sacrifice 5K to the meme gods. 

[https://imgur.com/a/BKQ4yyA](https://imgur.com/a/BKQ4yyA)
Is BB ever going to go up
lol I forgot that one...often said by a crackly voiced 20 year old in his bedroom at his parents house. This kid ain't a licensed financial advisor? Say it ain't so!
Exactly, but their goal is still to maximize profits. Could go either way
Anytime wsb says a stock is going to the moon, short it 

Except Tesla
No idea but it sounds pretty illegal to me
You’re welcome, son
dont.
Moon mission it is
Natural gas is pretty damn clean
>🙋🏼‍♂️🙋🏽‍♂️

 🙋🏼‍♂️🙋🏽‍♂️
Are there any brokers where I can lend out the shares so I get the "200%+ annualized interest!" instead of the broker?
Sold my DIS shares and bought some GOEV shares to sell CC's on today, too beaten down at this point.
I‘m for the long term hold dude. Read.
A fuck, forgot you can‘t. Really sorry.

Here: 🚀🚀🚀🚀

Understand?
As long as it’s above 45 I’m happy
agreed
ARKK posted $137M in outflows. First daily withdrawal since early November
My calls BYND and CRM 🤣🤣🤣
Goddamn, the front page is 75% GME posts

y'all make TSLA zealots seem well adjusted
ARKG and SQ are more than half my account lol. They’re my saving grace today but they fucked me hard yesterday
just bought 25 shares cuz the penis said we suck. lets break him like we did jim cramer
[deleted]
Wish me luck
My profile size is similar to yours and its been swinging back and forth for like a month now. Up a bit though
There’s a few too many 🌈 🐻 in here talking 💩 about GME
Rip. Welp Cathie from ark will probably want this.
That's probably a 0% real interest rate. Why are you not balls deep in calls yet?
10 more points and index funds are break even on TSLA 😖
Still probably more then your “CEO” salary
That makes two of us 🥰
Buying everything y’all recommending. Mostly hurt in entering GME at its high
vertical line down
Hope mara follows
Post them up!
When you said shorting i was expecting you meant to blockbuster, not a scalp :P
Yeah I been thinking about hopping on the $1000c leap but.... 🤷‍♂️ guess my moneys scared
means nothing bro
Didn’t some other asshole try to pump this today here too? Just fuck right off!
lmao Twitter shills still talking about FUBO they are all got left with worthless bags.
[deleted]
[deleted]
roll them into 12/31s
[deleted]
Well, your first problem is using RH.
He’s just gonna call time the F word again :(
Is the funky resistance on GME at 19.1 a big ass buy wall?
All I see are 🚀🚀🚀🚀
Just bought 100 more shares out of pure spite
This. You should definitely think about rolling at least some of these to 2/19 with same strike price. I think it could very well hit 30 by 1/22 but you’re missing out on a potential major catalyst with demo day that could make it run
i am thinking to buy when lockdown period end
You are retarded.
Yup only bought a few contracts, but was a quick 100% made a couple hundred bucks
Nope. Time will teach me what? That actions speak louder than words?
GOEV requesting for bull backup!! These bears need to get exterminated 😡
What in the fuck? Just pay your god damn taxes
[deleted]
Booo
It felt like GME was stuck at 19.10 for the longest time
I know 🥺 that’s why I’m keeping it secret from my gamer friends lmao. I’d rather be shamed here LOL
How?
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
I'm already in MP since early this month. Is there a reason I'm missing why that it dropped over 20% last week?
Have my hand 🤚
thats usually how it goes. The small pp folks with $100 to their name are the ones that talk the most shit
This just get more interesting by the day
Sitting at 14.75 cost avg

Ready for this to jump big
They have no moat bc they have no competitors.

They do scale because they have Apollo and deployment is always improving. They said hire and days, but if u don’t believe it oh will, believe what u want instead of the source itself
Glad I cashed out a few weeks ago after a smooth 15% gain!
The best entry would have been back in Mid Nov lol
Following the hive mind when I entered at $6? Why are you still talking to me?
Wow, NET has found a new floor every day for the past week!
Is it too much to ask for a 1000 bagger to end the year right?
Why don't you own fan duel too?
> snap
Bbby? Lol
Eat Italian, heavy on the garlic.
🤷
100% fax - calls on Xero, too
When your stimulus check can’t even buy one share of Tesla.
Risk would be if run offs both go blue and it moons and you cap your gains.  However if they go red it’s probably free money.
Now you’re putting words in our mouth. Just wanna see his positions, how’s my life savings as belief in the dd? Its just weird that he can reply to everything except people asking for proof of his positions when it takes two seconds to screenshot them
[removed]
Keep an eye on wish, looks like this could be the reversal.
RIOT SQUADDDDDD
I can't speak or read
With over a year expiration...important bit
Anyone that doesn’t own Walmart doesn’t understand they have revenue exceeding 500B with a market cap of 400B
I dont give a fuck. my calls expire Jan 2022
Literally
What's an 0DTE option? 
What I mean is, sounds perfect to me, where do I sign up?
This guy wrote in the preferred pronoun section that he is still short on TSLA. What? Openly bragging about being wrong and browsing wsb means he's one of us so I inversed and bought some $GME 1/29 calls.
Yolo on $ROPE
Gross penny stock pumper!
Can you technically withdraw money tax free from your Roth IRA by purchasing covered calls that you sell from an individual account? And then write off the loss?
LOL. Electric aircraft of all sorts are pushing against some pretty hard physical limits right now. Without some insane advancements in battery technology, electric aviation is going nowhere... okay, maybe short distances... fast. Shit man, my fucking quad won't fly for more than 30 minutes and it doesn't have people, life support, seats, and it's made of plastic. Anything that has to carry people and is hoping to do so on electric power alone is  hype and hype alone. Ride it up as long as everyone else is suckered in, but don't expect it to become the "new thing" anytime soon.
Future gold medal winners at the autistic olympics 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
The fking RIOT velocity upwards is absurd.
They are $10k today
Are link submissions and gallery submissions treated the same way?
Vix is creeping 👀
[They totally did](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bankruptcy_of_Lehman_Brothers)
Had money, bought nio a few thousand shares in March, April, may and June.
[deleted]
Don't listen to 17 year olds with 1200 RH account who starts trading 4 months ago. Everyone who started in March thinks he is fucking Warren Buffet
Ok how do we get nio to $50? I swear if it goes back to 43 tomorrow I’m gonna cry
Same with my VALE calls
[deleted]
[deleted]
That bus is about 20 feet too long
@wmt employees it is not the customers fault that you are 20year wagecucks with no benefits
I bet she likes anal.
You coulda been in PLUG that actually has outperformed and has some actual growth potential and practical uses in the future, versus following a hive mind of idiots that dont actually make any money
Rip to those who bought fubotv in the last few days.
[deleted]
[deleted]
I received an email notification from my broker
Bullish on INTC.
[deleted]
I lost money on all my calls but bought shares around 23.78
Or u can short it first then buy
[deleted]
Hands up if ARKK, ARKG and SQ is your saving grace today 🙋🏼‍♂️🙋🏽‍♂️
it will either gap up to \~245 and drop or it will do something else, guaranteed
Ban low volume
Maybe because we support ourselves but are still claimed as dependent
I’m down 10 percent in a week on my 55grand portfolio. Shit hurts.
Did you guys get your stimy
[removed]
You like PDD?
i got 300 shares at 14.30.. wasnt expecting it to bang this hard
You checked the previous earnings? That's great. So you noticed the trend towards breaking even, and that current quarter is expected to be a nice profit. Hmm. Maybe that is one of the reasons for the rising price.
BFT.

If you know, you know.
We’ve transitioned to staying ahead of the market in case market does care about profits later on.

TL;DR: Buy $15 or $20 GM Pro Memberships.

In case someone isn’t [aware. ](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/km26gn/gamestop_dd_and_potential_profits/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf)
Don’t buy GME calls, buy and hold SHARES. Then wait for the 🌈🐻 to have to cover their shorts.
HVDC is expensive. Look at EU/China. Its the future, especially with huge EV adoption. Add wind power to that...which, look, its going to be huge. Offshore wind is going to be absolutely huge in the Northeast and Great Lakes area. Plus onshore. 

Whats the dollar figures? I don't know. But what happens when you take that 17% revenue line item, and in 5 years its tripled, or quadrupled? Suddenly, GE's debt becomes serviceable. Then you have the possibility of wins in other areas. 

I'm bullish on things like grid, wind, hydro, even natural gas, and desalination even...basically, GE is a "future infrastructure" play. 

I dont know how to calculate how big hte upside is. Its intuition, man. People who dabble in TA do themselves a disservice. We all bring our own wealth of knowledge/past experiences to the table. Its possible to argue that TA blinds you to your instincts anyway. How many idiots are short TSLA because of TA?
No Palantir bulls have been able to address this question.
1. What MOAT does Palantir have.
2. How will they scale.
The generic reply is always "you haven't research enough". Because there is no answer. You don't have an answer for this.

Palantir will continue to drop. Huge opportunity cost to bag hold. It definitely is not a 10x bagger or a 5x bagger.
yeah good point, bad reading comprehension on my part - but yes WMT is the bottom of the bottom. That being said people are dumb and will still go there and expect top tier customer service
what a fucktard
[deleted]
Funny you say that when he can’t even get the ships off the ground lmfao. Where’s his ventilators he was going to help build? Where’s flint’s clean drinking water? Y’all are the biggest SIMPs for daddy fail safe sons.
Nah bro a couple 40m government contracts totally justify 44b market cap
Yes. Etrade. I just signed up yesterday.
Look up Saphyr PACB, it shows a tiny company's equipment performed 28% better than theirs (PACB's), for 1/200th-1/400th the cost and faster. 

[ARK is asking them for more info, after shit talking it in the same tweet chain a few months ago](https://twitter.com/sbarnettARK/status/1342142733000077314)
I did about 1 year ago. 

4 base sets and 1 shadowless set. All lp/nm. Sad I didn't decide to get a 1st edition but I cant complain one bit.
to 100 post corona
Sure. But they got their millions on smart investing and they're not going to participate in this shit lmao
20s
RUN UP THE SCORE MARA, make these shorters bleed
[deleted]
 

## No Penny Stocks

If you have to ask, it's probably a penny stock.
Should i post my gains?
Maybe he can buy a hair transplant
Forgot to say everytime someone buys a baby yoda toy this stock moves +0.01%
Lol sounds like you missed the first hour of trading this morning
So I have an account with a total value of around 50k. On monday when AMZN was on the rise, I scalped a lot of short dated call options. Each option was in the neighborhood of 4-6k and I sold them each time for about a 1k profit. At the end of the day I placed a larger one for about 11k and held it overnight.

On monday night(technically Tuesday 12:15AM MST) I saw a warning on my account saying:

Day Trade Call - You're in a $2,754.47 day trade call because you overrode your protection and sold stock

I promptly deposited $3,000 and it told me that I could resume day trading the next day. So Tuesday comes around and I started doing some more trades, the first of which was selling my AMZN option cause there was no way in hell I was gonna keep holding it. When I went to sell it it said that my account is restricted from day trading and if I place this trade I'll be restricted from buying stock for 90 days. I had to select the option which was "accept 90 day restriction and continue" or something along those lines. I assumed there was just some sort of lag between when I made my deposit and when it updated on RH and even if there wasn't, it was more important to get out of that AMZN position since it expired 12/31. I was able to buy and sell whatever I wanted yesterday but each time it gave me the same warning.

Well lo and behold today I can't buy anything, I can only close positions. Does anyone know exactly what happened here? I'm assuming I went over the "day trade limit" which I don't fully understand(is it the sum of all purchases and sales or only purchases?) but I covered the call immediately. I'm thinking that maybe I needed to wait until wednesday(today) to start trading again since it said "you may begin trading again the next day" and that message was received after midnight.
Yeah I want another 10% day.
someone just bought $5.3m of AAPL 130p for 06/18....
How low is FUBO going to go?
My only non tech stock is GRWG
Tsla 12/31 680p? I’m hesitant to short tsla 😂
My DD says it’s has 3x the Q’s, so you can probably bank on 3x performance.
We welcome your additional swords to the fray.
Are they diamond?
Pltr up 2% and my 1/15 27.5 calls down 7% 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Let it rip
I have yet to see that one, what channel does that?
I meant their online customer service, actually. Broken English, answers that don't relate to the question, no concept of what's happening with an order.
i paid some dude on ebay like 300 bucks a few years ago to build me a binder full of the original 151 and i think the charizard alone already gave me back a 10x. i did it strictly out of nostalgia too lol.
Looks like you're right and I'm happy to be wrong.
I can't tell if you are serious or a troll lol.
Wow bro, check yourself into a hospital
wiat but if we all gay bears, then how are we bullish? or is it that gay bears are bulls because they gay?
It’s ok, son. But never interrupt me while I’m balls deep in your mother again.
Sir this is a casino not r/pennystreetbets.
PSTH
[deleted]
Tilray is the stock to buy if you're interested, merge will benefit that stock not APHA
Can confirm. Deleted insta and Facebook a couple years ago and never looked back. I have snap and reddit and that's all I need.
elon you ho

Just go back to 600 for a few months
Fucking Theta gangsters are robbing us all blind today. They are the boot of the man on the back of our neck. Theta is theft! 😠
So as usual the big action was Monday the first 10 minutes.  The rest of the week is fuck your ass sideways.
Back up today...meanwhile short puts keep losing value while it pogos.
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Former 🌈🐻 wants to ride the short bus, sold $APPL, $AMZN and my other blue cucks to go (almost) all in on $PLTR 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀

**URL:** https://redd.it/kn6919
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=kn6919) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/mustache_poems, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
ExampleLocal7057
OverpricedBagel
gh i v options for a nice 3 week play, worked well with IPOC even through this retarded week 👍
Saddest thing I’ve read here today.  Tell your papas you love then
i think that was the point
Take my upvote
Correct 🚀
No good news means that you can't sell the news duh
u sure buddy?
Got me all excited. Less than $1 drop, psh.
gimme an award and i’ll make his wife moan “GMEEEEEEE”
BABA coiling; either way, LEAP tomorrow
Nobody tell him
calendar spreads are OP

Amazing strat
Do it
Right? I ain't investin' in no boomer ass bail bonds
Games have already started doing this themselves because it nets them more profit. Again, nothing new - certainly nothing that can hold up a failing business model.
👌🏻🚀🚀🚀
PDD baby 🚀🚀🚀
Flair checks out
I stand by it too, I am in this sub after all.
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
[deleted]
[deleted]
Brain: Don't buy PLTR calls until the last 15 minutes of the day, it always dumps after the morning.

Heart: I'll fuckin do it again
Dear RIOT. You are beautiful.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Piss off? I think you mean,  MAKE VERY HAPPY.  Do you even understand the level of capital it would take to do so?! Either one of them would love it, because it takes out logistics, and the headache and they can charge a massive premium for opportunity.
I just caught a mewtwo on POGO, does it count?
You may get banned posting a penny stonk. I'm pretty sure it's against the rules
That's okay. I can wait.
Okay so 

Let’s dissect this 
$TARD $69c 4/20

obviously the ticker is tard - $69c means you have a call option for the strike price of $69 (you don’t have to hit the strike to make $$$) 4/20 is the date of expiration.
You have to be a true retard to short Tesla
however the gap ups happen, some more of those
It won't drop below $16.
shares
He wore an itsy bitsy, slender tender yellow polka dot suspender
Buy XPev calls so I can make $ off my puts ty
[deleted]
Market is complacent
Dumping all my money in playboy stock right now. 90% yoy growth is just a nice cherry on top.
2018-2019 cycle: Trade talks bad, trade talks good, trade talks bad.

2020-2021 cycle: Pandemic kill everything, Pandemic cured, Pandemic killed everything

2022-2023: Meteor destroys continent, meteor narrowly misses earth, meteor destroys continent.

&#x200B;

Just remember the cycles and make money on both sides of the wave.
That $COST dip.
NKLA
Momma Cathie back from the dead baby
I don’t know what spac is. Gimme a ticker 
please
I did in June. I wanted portability. I also managed to snag Nvidia GeForce RTX 3080 before they were sold out 😌
Bond market closes early, but if that makes a difference to you then perhaps you're in the wrong forum!
10k for a tesla $1000 call? 

hahahahahahahahahahahahaha
SQ(ubed)
Bft uptrend into tomorrow in 3...2...1....
RIOT CALLS NOW
No factory, everything is made in JAC in two shifts to hit current numbers (5K a month). Please explain the 150K annual production in 2021. X2 in 2022.
pussies talking about my crsr shares yolo but won't post any of their own positions 🤣
...and?

...Any questions?
[deleted]
They really do tbh. Do you have shares or options ?
[removed]
Can't you put a limit GTC order for $100 and make it impossible for them to take those shares?
[removed]
And now everything is its own service. Between Disney+, Netflix, Hulu and Peacock for Premier League I'm paying out the ass for content.
ya but the thing is I misspelled convictions so yall misquoted me
[deleted]
>~~All the wall street tards getting back from their lightly fried chicken tenderloin lunch break, and~~ **they better pump their tits dry**

This
who invested in pokemon?
No leaps but I got a couple of June's
With declining price and volume as the day goes on? My calls are up, but it’s bleeding right now. Need another 10 million volume day.
American Airlines
Sideways spy action is killing me slowly
Yes
Gotta keep Darrelll entertained between his pound town breaks with your wife I suppose....
I mean dude... its walmart, do you expect top notch quality from them?
We need to break through 24.
take profits if you need them, im riding SQ out for a bit
fuk
How about LEAPS?!
Riot rippin
Bionano is on the way to Uranus 🚀
RIOT!
It's definitely misleading. He makes most of his money from Youtube. He used to kinda downplay it and say Youtube was just a side gig but then when he showed his income, it was mostly Youtube revenues. He even started a second channel. I got mad respect for him tho. Made millions just by talking about random stuff on yt.
good news is im not down as much as i was yesterday
[deleted]
this stock was trending on stocktwits this morning
Whoever had a massive $17 TCHB sell order, your mom gay.
I know....I am not dumping it. They have a solid future.
ecstacy? no, EXPC
Maybe. I just learned how to read charts a few weeks ago and have been winning +4k, +6k, and now +12k on them every week or so. Maybe if I dive into their financials and their order books for rolled steel we could shine some light on them.  Best kept secret.
I must be gettin older bro cause when ppl used to say see u next year I thought was lame and now I think to myself "that's fun"
Yeah I agree, that’s pretty gay.
Thoughts on a TSLA 12/31 700c ??? Really want to take this risk, but want some support from some tards!
Wait til you hear about Tom Brady. hoo boy!
Well why would they let vaccines roll out if it was all part of their plan???
Right? Lol, love it. Just bought feb calls thanx OP 🚀🚀
[deleted]
[removed]
Gonna take a look thx
[deleted]
V is. Set and forget .
Yes, more time to lose your tendies
What do you use to follow (watch) the big money?
I have no stake in this fight, saving this for future karma
That's all right, you'll get there
I own a good chunk as well
mitch mcconell secretly runs wmt
Yes. That's him. Haha. I find his videos straight to the point.
[removed]
We already knew about the variants but were burying it with vaccine news to keep the stores open during the holidays...
FB Jan calls, thank me laterp
Do you get any interest paid back to you ? What broker?
tankers
Scared money don't make money. China bad. CCP bad. Come on bro.
LMFAO I DATE MODELS BRO 🤩😂
" In particular, the time required to install our software and begin working with a customer has decreased more than five-fold since Q2 2019 to an average of 14 days in Q2 2020. In some cases, our customers can now be up and running in six hours. "

Learn to love to read and you'll never be poor
BNG0
this is legit. good point
Yes
i hope that you cucks are buying this apple dip...

 🚀  🚀  🚀  🚀  🚀  🚀 BECAUSE WE ARE GONNA LAUNCH THIS BABY INTO THE FUCKING STRATOSPHERE!!!! 🚀  🚀  🚀  🚀  🚀  🚀
God, I’ve never asked you for anything.

Can I cash in some of my karma now? Let’s see FCEL hit 30 next week.
Cruise?
nasdaq leaps ain’t gonna be bad, lots of businesses are about to kill Q1 earnings, I’m mostly on LEVI and ULTA
I hear that. I want an app that will scan and summarize videos for me, there's some future tech I'd invest in.
Solid list
should I buy arkg jan 15 200$ calls? lmao ok ok maybe only 100$ calls
Hope you bought the dip haha
What’s gme?
Omnichannel
I never been a believer in conspiracy theories till covid
[dear lord good luck](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/options?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf)
*Some have courage of their convictions too.*

But most of the community here just relies on courage in someone else's convictions.
That crow walking away with a miss thrown piece of bread
riot 18c
Virgin galactic
He’s just far gone man
I have not seen a single positive piece of news today
[my love for PLTR knows no bounds](https://imgur.com/gallery/QtA6Tod)
Title should have been "How my wife met her boyfriend"
Are markets open all day tomorrow?
If thou hast blasphemed against the meek, who art covetous of thy wife and great treasure, and who play games with the fortunes of man, then the angels of Jupiter shall descend from Heaven unto Earth and know thy wife.
I’m in but I wouldn’t call this morning.
What's the all time chart looking like
Jumbo Bucks
Those 3 words usually carry a lot of weight. Sure you can express your love for them in other ways. Telling them you love them is an easy way to show that you care for them. You are just a loser. Why do you care that people say I love you to your parents. Also imagine caring heavily about sexuality
I wanna buy leaps so bad
Name a sector gayer than airlines.
Lol I cashed out a long time ago. Now I’ve been riding puts down.
Tan, icln, qcln
I beg you pardon? I don't have 100$ in my account! I have 150 😤
Its a maaan baby!
wendys 4 for 4 and a bottle of vodka
I had two lol Christmas was awesome
Nio calls already printing
😂😂facts
just bought 20 shares. time to get rich
what a pussy!
how can u tell this
[deleted]
those were 10k a week or two ago, curious what ur entry was
I'll be checking back in with you next week like I said. And you never answered my question dummy. Is your whole investment portfolio over 40k? I have an idea, since you say all this is chump change to you, want to post screenshots of our brokerage balances? I'll go first if you want. 

And it's not that 40k profit is something to brag about, it's that your stupid ass was talking shit about going to zero and I told you how fucking dumb you are, then I proved it with results. You just talk. Though I do enjoy our talks. Because you'll be thinking about my 40k gains on one play all day today. Can't wait to update you next week!

Let me know about the account screenshot, big talker like you has to have at least mid 6 figures, right?
A faster way to lose your money
$100 call expiring  February 19
Lol this guy kisses his dad on the lips before he leaves for work 

Weirdos man hahah grow up
10 little caesars pizzas
buy your mom something nice
I cant believe I played a boomer stock like V, but sure glad I did
I don’t deny being illiterate, but you’re the retard who lost money
Weed.
Dems leading.
Weed stonks starting to price that in
buy ark calls
About to play fetch w little Remy https://imgur.com/a/sAq417s
Why would retail numbers make V go up? they make more from online purchases.
We almost own them by now right?
This guy never had a proper dad
popeyes chickens tenders box
The Democrats will lose, again.
Same but bought part of my calls a little late.
just make more money and then use that
Just buy more shares if it drops and keep the ones you have...? Man you are truly an autist
To the moon!! Was waiting to hit $12 again lol 🚀🚀🚀
Give it some time. Eoy is always volatile
Calls on $SPY & $GAPE
No the MT guy isn’t providing gold.
Is SQQQ just a better version of SQ? 🤔
[removed]
Baby volume day.  ThetaGang wins again
Georgia polls just turned Dem. [https://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/georgia-senate-polls/](https://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/georgia-senate-polls/)
Tesla really going to end the year 777?
I have offers for 1.5%
190p 1/15 going for the big drop.
Good idea
It was just at zero a minute ago
We have a 🤡 here folks, move along
Gaming laptop LOL
Fuck DASH
hey punk i had this theory for a LONG time. 

you must not know me. I date fuckin models bro.
V is by far my biggest equity position. It’s a high quality company with many tailwinds that will perform well for a very long time. I’m guessing that’s why it’s up.
Syntax checks out to me. Never messed with automod so not sure what I’m looking for but it looks okay as far as I can tell. And your values for the submission types are correct. Idk man, sorry
Got a couple Walmart 150c for January 8th. Opinions?
That's a bit overpowered for rollercoaster tycoon
How magically convenient is it that as soon as we get vaccines rolling out and it looks like the end is near there's a whole new strain that is rapidly spreading and causing panic.

 They do not want these shutdowns to ever end.
No it fucking sucks. I say that as a die hard avatar fan
[deleted]
bet on blue
Trying to unload spce shares to buy more gme.  Need a thousand shares by the end of the year
how did you know what I was eating?
EXPC shares  [https://blade.flyblade.com/investors](https://blade.flyblade.com/investors)
App: Time has expired. would you like to log off or extend the time ?

me: Extend

App: Please re log in. (Nicholas Cage face)
Buy this dip on WISH 1/15 $22.5c and thank me next week
ban
GME should inverse KFC and go into the fried chicken business.
The 12 year old comment was obvious sarcasm.
Yup. With QE Infinity the return for my bank has to be somewhere around 6-7%. And I've got more cash in my account than they offered to loan me, so it's not exactly like I'm a huge risk lol. 

I'd rather incorporate and sell junk bonds to JPow for half that.
I snagged a $1000 TSLA call for Jan 2022 in my Roth...

Its going to be hard as hell to hold that shit for a year especially because Im a gay TSLA bear long term. We are about to correct given that I've finally capitulated
We do things different round here. Dump *then* pump in true autistic fashion.
Not sure but I’m beginning to question GME’s business model now. Because most of the games are digital now a days downloaded directly from company website. And gaming hardware there r many places to buy it. 
May be they should start selling everything like bestbuy with more focus on gaming.. or partner with game developers to make some exclusive games .. what do you think?
TSLA needs to break through 687. seeing Walls at 689, 695, 699 papa Elon 🍆🍆🍆🍆
[deleted]
Serious question: How many PLTR or GME shares would you give up for a Cameo from Morgan saying “oh (username), take me to TendieTown!”
Mine is 1/15 and I’m at 0% gain from yesterday’s close
Jumped up on nothingburger mention on CNBC
Weed is getting a pump! Someone knows something about the senate run offs
I am talking about the HBOMAX deal and the aftermath
😂
Never pulled trigger but I want to
Let’s see em of GTFO
Anyone buying WMT has never experienced their abysmal customer service.
MT starting to make me hard
Meme a day keeps my loss porn away
GME has value, and as many pin hopes on an activist investor to 🚀, that takes time, money and most importantly persuasion. GME is a **long term** spec stock, and could go either way: die like other B&M or 🚀 like CHWY. There are better meme stonks yer wife's boyfriend isn't telling you about.
[removed]
https://twitter.com/Peston/status/1344340158892670981?s=20 

>Effectiveness of Tier 4 in the UK is “an open question” says BorisJohnson so full lockdown remains an option he says. Oh dear
Sounds like Ackman is making an appearance on CNBC. Not sure when though
Maybe more people are following the flock
[deleted]
What should I throw my last check of 2020 on?
Why do you invest in BABA for? China will manipulate that shit not worth the risk
Deleting Instagram from my phone has been the best thing I’ve ever done lol.
People come up with theories like this when we see a -2% day after 10-15% green days 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
It won’t be low teens if it’s cyclic. It’ll be $16-18 at the lowest
States that legalized in nov ratify Jan 1
I bought GME shares. Sorry bulls. It crashes now
what does 2/19 100c or all the other stuff like this? I’m trying to understand the autist language
Ew, a girl
That's no moon
Baba looking. Bearish
Yeah, I get that it's a don't hate the player hate the game situation, but YouTube and content creators can do better...also I watch too much YouTube lol
If you're not in at least 1 SPAC, why not?
[deleted]
Not all, saying it out loud is the gay part
He looks like Worf from Star Trek in his profile pic, so that means 🚀🚀🚀🚀
My pltr shares were just loaned out to shorters. Daily average rate. 3.86% 🤔
That position is up 4.6% today.
Any plays for the senate runoffs?
Down 20% this week
You had me at tesla, got some 1/15 calls
Best $50 play right now?
I know right, super curious what their next 13f is gonna look like.  They were super deep into Booking and Expedia as well and those have done pretty well.
LMND 130 calls dec 12/31
F L N T . Been a wild ride this week. Volume massive (relative to average) and buying continues. Cup and handle on the weekly if you like TA voodoo magic. Pretty good digital ad play heading into 2021. PERI, MGNI, and APPS as well. Sector should stay hot I would think.
Visa tendies machine is launching in 10
I mean yeah, but, I just don't go out of my way to shit on them for doing so. Kind of feel bad for them
CNBC mention, it won't hold
Makes sense, have you seen his new side piece?
Why not just build one
I really like this write up and I agree with many of your points, but I have 1 question. How big is the potential upside in the grand scheme things, whether it will be able to move the needle in GE's cap?

I kind of see a mirror situation with PFE and the covid vaccines. PFE is a first mover, huge company, and vaccines are inevitable. Yet share price is like nope, spiking up and retracting back.
Agreed. I’m $26c 1/15 and I’m flat on the day WTF
yessir, ive been eyeing this one
All the wall street tards getting back from their lightly fried chicken tenderloin lunch break, and they better pump their tits dry
This. Waiting for dip then 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Honestly it's hard to buy a dip initiated by CCP threats. Props if u make money tho.
I meant to say 1/08/2021 oops
Let's see one of your yolos then lol
They should take a cue from KFC and go into fried chicken sales. They can swap markets.
[removed]
EXPC right into my fucking veins
Because it's not going to lose itself
Santelli in the whiteboard lmao
Bruh the IV is 87%, nothing crazy
U fuckn retard
Fells is it gay to have a bond with the person who raised you?
Keep on hating
Easy Money Puts on RPAY
Look at their memberships,  and the brand itself. I'm a gamer, and although i don't like shopping game stop, it's the first place i think to buy a game or console from.  And when they get their e-commerce platform running, it will carve out a spot for them. The bigger picture is if they think of growth over short term returns. It's on if they burn money making a better, cheaper, customer oriented platform that's far beyond all others.
I'm growing my hair out just to flex on bald mfs like this
TSLA teasing
Where is the MT guy?
Ackman smiled on TV earlier.
Bezos cock gone limp already!
Anybody that adds their stupid worthless designations behind their name, especially on Twitter, is a fucking goon.  I mean MBAs are a dime a dozen nowadays.  Then don't get me started on the G. first name.  Three name bitches are always beta males, like that guy on CNBC
I wish you luck my friend!
Vampire.
I mean... I'm holding SPCE leaps and this seems less than retarded than that
do u really think the shorts on GME don't pay accounts to post here? check the posting history of ppl who bashing it relentlessly. Bot accounts and sock poppets are being paid to bash GME.
anyone have a good day trade to do soon?
I dont care about connecting with my coworkers and direct reports during WFH
RIOT CALLS
next time buy low
We throw her panties around like muff confetti
Idk uvxy maybe LOL
Like that 4 Chan post about the guy feeding off David Lynch’s lifeforce who put himself in the hospital
Cohen wants to expand online shit - the problem is there isn’t a single thing he can offer that isn’t already provided on the XB/PS marketplaces or Amazon. I can already digitally download games straight to my system, why would I pay $15/month to do the same thing? (Assuming for some stupid reason the systems would allow a competitor onto their platform.)
Sir its 12/30
no i actually ate it because my wifes boyfriend dared me to
If you ain't bi you're missing out.
Are there any news that is causing weed stocks to rise?
Tesla ain’t gonna break down not once not ever
Its obvious he's an idiot but his parents should be made mods. They gave their life savings to their jobless kid to day trade. 

"I don't research the stocks I buy"

"Here's some money"
News?
What’s pumping cucks?
You butchered the quote
I am already in. But I think I might add more
Stop buying the top. Wanna get in on one early? Buy QELL
Just keep it all in QQQ long term calls and you're gucci
Those 300 men, fighting an army of 1 million, knew they would lose and every one of them would die. They sacrificed their lives for freedom. But the GME gang is even braver, sacrificing their financial freedom for lulz, knowing lulz to be eternal.
What move for $180? I’m bored
IV is 92%, not that crazy

Might be from IV decreasing, that’s the only thing I can think of.
Yeah imagine when they pass away and you realize you never said I love you to your own father . Sad bad troll
I swear people expect a stock to literally only go up everyday. Silent on +10% days and loud as fuck on -10% days.
Shout out to the person who mentioned bingo buy at closing. 💯
Leap it. Earnings in 1 month exactly. Cat will be out of the bag Jan 30th
Was kinda joking, I figured that much. But ya around Arizona you can just drop any line in and catch something because they’re all stocked
[deleted]
Damn that ARCT stock was 120 something less than a month ago and dumped all the way to 43 dollars. I'm nabbing that for a rebound
it will blow through $694.20 resistance like a puff of joe rogan blunt smoke
Uber is one of my favorite stocks. No clue why it doesn't get played more, its very predictable.
MT
🤦‍♀️
[deleted]
I have no empathy
Yes, but not in a long time.
According to chrome dome's twitter, he's also short $TSLA.  He's already been blown to bits.  Can't even afford to keep buying rogaine monthly.
Pure marketing. It's like Tesla advertising autonomous driving. 

Where is a download link  that a general audience can just sign up and use. There is none, because it takes time to do it. For you to use their software, they would have to deploy their engineers to teach you how to do it, or have the engineers do it themselves. This is not SAAS. 

People who work with data know that data is messy. For it to be possible to prepare data and insert it into a model in a couple hours, it would have to be completely standardized, which it is definitely not.
Fat dips ftw 🥳
eMTy
Can you explain this to me again clearly please as I'm retarded.
My 1/8 call was up $200 last week. Everyone said it was going up that's why I held. Why should I have bought stocks as it was going down?
FCEL gang why so quiet on such a pump.👁🚀
I’ve lost big with QS and XL contracts. Should I just sell or wait it out. Expires Feb and May
TESLA GO
Oh gotchya, sorry I had misread it.
retail numbers up for 2021, jesus get a brain people
I’m picking up my Alienware m17 r3 super today. I’d like to dedicate this to chewy for being the mvp so that I raked $$$ from my calls last month ✌️
Holy fuck, username checks out.
I'm all in
If you say “I love you” to your dad you’re super gay
Can confirm
I joined NET gang today
Hi! Welcome to adulthood.
im not even holding this till it prints ill take profit at 1-200% on the next spike. its riding support
And why didn't I buy RIOT this morning. sigh.
PLTR don’t do it. Just go test 30 again
Not as fun as URMUM
[deleted]
Im with you doubled my portfolio from 13 to roughly 22... Now im down to like 88ish k... I wouldn't be betting everything if i didn't belive the dd u/deepfuckingvalue and u/uberkikz11 have done.
Sometimes ITM calls are the way
its opposite day bro
[removed]
[deleted]
I might take out my kids college fund and just dump it all on baba
Cant take anyone serious who didnt buy that dip.
Q: when two shitty companies merge what is the result?

A: a bigger shitty company.

 There’s only one weed stock to buy : Curaleaf (CURLF).
You should consider making a post. CLF not really getting recognition
anyone know why VISA hit all time high today? some bullshit about crypt0 or something?
Lol good man 💪🏻, BOL to you as well!
It won't submit, something is wrong syntax-wise
[deleted]
Lucky you
Gold pls
My main man
Any apple bag holders getting shredded like me
Lol, go for it!
That $35 area seems to be holding well which is why I bought it off that as well.
What's gotten into my boy PSTH
Been thinking of this a lot.  Dems win both im thinking sell off.  Its split no changes really.  Both pubs win bullish.
One little small pop before the ga runoff will wake all the 🐻s
10 ARKW shares
Make this a separate post and let’s draw straws for which of his investments to ruin next
Gl brother

Pltr apes together
Strong
The amount of comments about GME...

If you were HOLDING instead of flipping

RIP 🤣
Ah meant that as a metaphor, like having a successful pivot rather being a dying company.
MVIS Lidar tech company that has an arsenal of patents and is working on Microsoft’s holo lenses. CEO also inquired about a possible buyout from tesla.
Personal loans are a scam
Man 30 is a long way off with a lot of theta gang between now and then. I am in the same boat in probably 7 different positions and every day wake up to a new low in those positions
i agree with your last statement.
Shidd
You got shares? Some analysts think this thing is going to 20.
Yep I’m just speculating I just thought it’s been interesting how nobody has really talked about it
[deleted]
they just started sending them
Nice.  I've got 45 375 calls expiring tomorrow, average cost $.22.  Hoping for a pump later today to unload.
Any chance he is not shorting and we are falling in to his trap?
TSLA 695 EOD? 💎💎💎💎💎
Today is awesome 😎 let's keep it up
He failed to stop loss his hair.
[deleted]
POWER HOUR BOIS
Lol
Riot do moon touch
Correction, they have been saying it since 20 pre split.
Just got an email from my bank offering me a personal loan at 8%. Basically free money with the way JPow is printing. Time for some BABA FDs.
2021 is  where the money resides bitches
Here’s a new one - there isn’t any service Cohen can provide that isn’t already being provided by PS/XB marketplaces or Amazon.
PLTR’s $26 call for 1/15 is up 2% today from yesterday’s close, while the underlying is up 2.5% alone. 

Tells you that this strike is currently a super good deal compared to earlier in the week
[deleted]
Honeywell will buy them out. 

I’d feel a lot better about it all if they cleaned up their balance sheet
by the dickhead?
SNAP calls are on sale
Just sell
Yo why $PSTH mooning? 👀
You misheard, AMZN tendies are the option SELLERS.  🤗
Why does a child need a stimulus check? 🤔
I want another WMT gang I had fun with that one
which one fucked you
Small fish but upped my shares to 100 today. 🚀🚀🚀
That someone could be you
Su Bae 5-point-pop ❤ again
Stock Jesus told me to buy it so I bought it
[removed]
$1500 into aapl calls for whatever date is right after next earnings
[deleted]
[deleted]
Because it's 99% lemmings who do zero DD and have no thoughts deeper than "wsb say push buy buton"
Walgreens of the gaming world.
Check it’s put and call volumes for January. It’s about 50 - 50. BABA won’t move until this balance breaks out.
15k in the portfolio, 300 in the bank account. Whats your point?
This is legit price discovery....
Tim Apple doesn’t have to know
GME bears who are jealous they missed out this long are really on the march today

the weird thing is if you got in when everyone who wasn't an idiot got in, ur still doing great

this always been a long term play. Real traders have courage of their convections
I actually only just bought today! My average is 19.41, 230 shares currently. I’m a true retard
Hope this stimulus check will pump my PLTR lol.
$20 stock today IMO
>	The week after christmas is notorious for people closing positions before the year ends for different tax reasons etc.

But explain why I forget this every year?
Mislabeled bro, the train is the GME short and the bus is full of retards.
Is this some poor-speak I’m not broke enough to understand?
[deleted]
-1600 here
I'm gonna email customer support for a refund.
[deleted]
I wud cream 🍆🍆🍆🍆🧨🧨🧨🧨
Buy back tomorrow
Guess I’m a long term investor now
Sell deep ITM calls if it moons after earnings.  That way if it dips you can buy it back and hang onto shares.
welcome newbie
You're supposed to come back and tell us you lost your charger and can't afford a new one, as you post your loss porn... know your memes.
Dude looks like that the lawyer from Scrubs
probably going to $80
If XPev doesn’t collapse in the next 2 hours I am in shambles
[deleted]
QQQJ the big dropoff
y'all notice how all the people without masks on walking around NYC are also mouth breathers?
No. Just three day weekend.
I spent a lot of time doing DD on it and as it turns out, stonk goes up
Not feeling very stimulated
This is the way
Someone should make a new post and broadcast this to all retards. I'd like to hear discussion.
> checks previous earnings

> All negative

Enjoy your bk
I can't do math cause I'm an idiot (probably all the more reason to sell) so it's not 50% loss yet but I was fixing to sell anyway, ha.
Hope you are right. I’m in with you and the financial security of my 30’s are in the balance. BOL.
[removed]
Another day like this and it'll hit your 49 and you'll be able to sell up.
Award?
What's going to moon next monday?
TSLA 690 dec 12/31. ARKG shares...
Calls at the moment
🤤 I need it at $18.7 for my limit buy
Nio
Eh, I’d say if anything sell half the position. You paid for the premium, may as well run it as a hedge bet, just my two cents
Yeah. This was not a good week for net.  Think it gets new buyers next week but not fun at all
What’s the prediction here?
Except everyone constantly says buy shares not options for this but some people like to gamble too much
 [https://twitter.com/FirstSquawk/status/1344343163427647488?s=20](https://twitter.com/FirstSquawk/status/1344343163427647488?s=20)

> U.S. CONSIDERS EXPANDING COVID-19 TESTING REQUIREMENTS FOR TRAVELERS BEYOND UK -- SOURCES
I like your style
Gme
I was told there would be AMZN tendies...
Anxiously awaiting a thread detailing why you should buy your wife's boyfriend a Gamestop Power Up Membership
Lol
Imagine longing Jingdong shares with the Vietnamese Dong
[deleted]
don't get me wrong here i don't even fuck with margin but how exactly does buying on margin offer more available shares to borrow?
When did TSLA IV get so low?? only 53%
[deleted]
Yes people posting about going balls deep now are dumbasses
or buy ark calls like a real retard
MTard checking in. Gonna buy a DeLorean with my tendies!
upvote if you're a college student and didn't receive a stimulus check
Oh yes, please keep leaving your GME = Blockbuster hot takes. You're definitely the first one to make that comparison over the past two months.
I’m holding GME till Jan 15th idgaf
No why?
[deleted]
No it’s 1/29, 26.5
What’s the Reddit documentation say? 

Does a gallery count as a link?

[you check this out?](https://www.reddit.com/r/AutoModerator/comments/httmkg/the_link_submission_type_seems_to_be_erroneously/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf)
Gotta share hot fishing spots and spam ask how the fishing is going to be bro. A lot like this place actually lol
They must be losing a lot to suddenly give a shit about us.

A bull is a man who gets solicited by a man’s wife and wants to feel something new.
We all knew GME was gonna keep dipping today and tomorrow. Don’t be scared
i ate the charger:(
hold on, lemme consult my crystal ball real quick.
Shhhhh
I got fucked bad this week also
Finally took spy that long to start dumping and it pumps back to the same spot. 🙄🙄🙄
We have a well-defined timeline. Jan 11 and Jan 14 will give us retard strength back
Sell before you lose the other 50%
https://imgur.com/a/Rmmsnjh
God dammit UBER makes me so angry. Just look at that retarded chart
P P P P P P POWER HOUR SOON TSLA 800 EOD
Now or miss the train
$1000 for shares $500 for options give me a play to buy lunch
Shorted FUBO at 61 AMA 🤑🤑🤑
ya I hear u
Ohh how terrible 😢 lol.
financials getting their turn to rip
Baba is boring sell the calls?
This is smart. But this is not a proper wall street bets.
Ackman is literally God
It’s funny people disagreeing with GME for the wrong reasons. Like IDK if it’ll take off and I don’t own any but saying “it’s an old outdated game store wut” shows they didn’t even look why all these crazy people are invested in it
"r markets overpriced?" says cnbc. fuk u think??
***you’re
Hell no, this shits going back to $15 lol

Im balls deep in every ARK etf / BABA / JD
I'm all in
bought today
My dad keeps all his money in his brokerage. Literally everything
Yup. Part of the allure was the lower prices and flexibility. I used to have Directv now in 2016. $35 a month. Cancelled in 2018 because they jacked the rates up. 

I think people realize that they either a) don't have the time for tv or b) there's nothing worth watching. 

There's so many shows on nflx that are pure garbage. Add in that there is so little cash left for the masses and paying $400-$600 or more a year for tv is just not worth it.
What’s the meme stonk for next week
I don't care if he shorts GME. I don't care if he's an ass.

I do kinda wonder how much it stings to look like a penis in a suit. I mean...he *really does* look like a small penis put on it's nicest suit and sat down for a twitter pic.

I wonder if anyone ever pointed that out to him. Can he live with that pic up and for how long? How long before he looks in the mirror and sees a penis wearing earmuffs?

Why kick a hornet's nest with almost 2 million hornets in it? These are the things I wonder about, not why he's trolling a short position.
Dollar value and VIX way too low and SPY jacked to the absolute tits. I’m ultimately bullish but Ima get my nut here and wait till the markets wet again. 

can’t imagine the correction will be much more than 10% but if Donny and Mitch succeed in even making people THINK the election will be contested....
Short term CNBC pump. No news. Bad time to buy, don't FOMO
Pleas paddle again 😭
DickForLily
Melvin trying to slowly bleed GME gang today instead of all at once? They are no match!
9AM here
not until exactly 3:12 EST, dont worry
It will lower your taxable income by 3,000 so you don’t necessarily save 3,000 but 3,000 multiplied by your tax rate. It also carries forward if your losses are over 3000 and options do count towards this
Literally everyone, congrats
Mostly shares and a few 2/19 30c. I reloaded the 1/15s @ .80 a piece on Monday; probably 10% of this account.
I too would like to sue someone over the performance of my portfolio
Narrator: His $30 call expires tomorrow.
Cuz studs increase friction? Studded condoms are super common dude lmao
‚yolo‘
You have to buy it on the way down. This may go to 17$ before making new ATH after Jan 11
Ima whip and then i nay nah for the hell of it
I thought you quit?
Yes, exactly buy CYBR instead!
CORP? 👀
Yeah like wtf? This kids retarded
Choice A and choice B
Fuck. I just remembered we have another three and a half day weekend ahead of us.
U realize we’re all “timing the market” by buying calls right. 

Unless u dont buy calls in which case wtf lmao

But buying an option is literally timing the market
No i in front of it so for that reason, I'm out.
Lol wsb action is a function of profits? Boomers always try to wrap it in their lingo. Plz explain TSLA then
magi-karp
Go away
[removed]
Then why are they buying puts and actively trying to manipulate the price down? They won't stay in a position if they think it will continue to lose them money.
Same thing happened when I had puts on it lmao, I stopped fucking with it
If rather pull out and buy more stocks then keep getting fucked from the 🌈🌈🐻
IV my friend, IV
Robinhood bby
Blindly lol. Did you see the big names investors already in it? They aren't going in blind.
I dont do cocaine, I just like the smell of it
Why do u mean
we are *everywhere*
I bought more at $19.02
next stop the fat black guy?
Ya I'll be up in the breadline in 2021 somehow
Is nio going to drop by the end of the day? I’m trying to sell at today’s peak and buy back in to lower my avg a little
You'd think that after their Luckin disaster they would have stayed away from Chyna.
[deleted]
Lunch is over! Lets rip TSLA!!!
gape mum on spy $400 eoy
Yeah, the brewery out of ATL. Huge, gets them a pipeline into the US market.
GME is cyclitic. Get out now and get back in when it's in the low teens.
I mean to be fair, there is no “communist” phone option. I’m sure there are capitalists who were in the ussr but forced to buy communist stuff because western products didn’t exist there. Shit, over 50% of Reddit believes in global warming and complains about corporations while buying gas using cars - because many of us in apartments and stuff can’t buy or afford electric
I saw some autist using Stadia with a Tesla. Papa Elon just needs to enable 4G/5G sharing through wifi and it's basically done. All the game streaming services should work in a modern browser.
Maybe after Feb earnings
Calls or puts right now?
More like our Bull Balls lightly tapping his wife’s face
Yes. He's a thug that knows how to play chicken with dems to completely derail and jam up their agendas while fucking them from behind. Dude doesn't flinch and gives zero fucks who gets hurt. Thats literally what brinksmanship is about.
What is a bank account?
Are you familiar with PowerUp Rewards & their Buy/Sell/Trade platform? These assets have real value & are severely under appreciated, IMO.
yup.... but It’s a little too worthless, let’s wait and see 💭
I think he means invested in
PLTR up 2.43% but my call only up 0.35% wtf
[deleted]
Someone got stuck holding the bag! RIP your tendies.
⚰️📉⚰️
Prediction: GME tards have worse dental hygiene than the average tard on here
Buy buy buy
Maybe I should buy more...
One is named JingDong and the other is a massive business trading at a discount. Hard to  go wrong with either.
Predominately, I day trade SPY-AMA
Have you tried to turn it off and on again?
she’s with her boyfriend for new years
GME holding $19.00 like a champ. I bought at $19.05
Alright Seacrest, post a pic of yourself for us to critique
from meme to peepee
Pump it up fuck him up
Ark is back baby! Next stop the 🌚
you must have a shitty portfolio if baba is the only stock holding it today
Are you all in? What’s ur stake
That’s what you’re supposed to do...
As long as the dollar is dying, stocks should go up so buy stocks in order to make more dying dollars.
Why the hell is V up so much today? Not complaining as I have some in my Roth, but I can’t find any solid news.
Bought 30 shares

God speed brothers
Their position in GME is the equivalent of a far out of the money FD for us.  If it prints it’s fucking awesome but if it shits the bed you don’t lose sleep over it.
because he likes to pay high fees
Did u check IV? Come on retard
You'd probably get enough traffic to make a profit tbh
There's only one problem. McTurtle won't let any Dem-sponsored legislation pass or even reach a vote regardless of how useful it is to his constituents or his party's goals (whatever they may be).
If Hulu increases price of Hulu Live again I may as well get Comcast again. It was cheaper and now its equal. Stupid. All the other services are as much as Hulu also.
They have a ton of options. Micro center type place. Start building PC with exclusive parts. Pcpartspicker meets micro center.

Esports league would be  another. 

Then ramp up the e commerce with exclusive parts, games, market share etc. 

Esports is worth more than sports and movies industry combined. Opportunity is there.
Only to put it on my balls so my dog can lick it
Introducing: Retard+
lots of 06/18/21 $130p AAPL being bought right now
6. AOC
Yeah but what happens when the craze stops? 

Inventory HAS to stabilize again at some point. 

It’s getting to the point where brand new construction is cheaper than a 40 year old non-renovated home 😅

Then I’m left bag holding a worthless house
String letters thusly so unto the 1s and 0s of infinite digital-scapes, striking down with devastating efficiency one of lower neural activity with shunt gateways which forces their perception of parts of commercial economical enterprising in a dour light. The consequence of such ineptitude will permit the forceful, yet willing and wanting, carnal knowledge of whom was tricked into matrimonial servitude, rocketing ever upwards into the heavens propelled by masses of bull chads' emissions.
did u not say gme was trash ur out yesterday ?
Already sold at the bottom of that dip 😭. Only made $12k today when I could have made $20k. God speed.
[removed]
[deleted]
[removed]
Buy 2/3rd of a share of baba🚀
inspect element
Prepare all you want...and when it eventually happens in your 90s...I hope your gravestone vindicates your insight
Fosho
Not a bad bet tbh
Those tickers all suck. You could be printing money in amazon, apple, Starbucks, and BABA but you’re playing the game on hard mode searching for a screenshot worthy score.
positions or ban
Sell. Pick a fight another day.
[deleted]
The only logical play. Msft
I just,  have to ask.     Why didn't you capture the premium and then buy shares outright?
I have 2 day trades - drop me some low cap fast movers with FDs today
Buy more until it’s green
Ok thanks man, will do
so today is GME day
which ones?
Senate election Tuesday retards. Your all playing with fire.
Loaded up on more shares when it hit 180. This bad boy is taking off next year 🚀🚀
Link to TV interview today?
I need it to go to $18.7. I'm buying on the way down
How big of a dip are you guys looking for, I'm here to aid the 🚀!
[deleted]
[deleted]
Sold off 900shares at open for 1k profit, holding 100 shares now
well u know bro life is long and I sell calls against both those stocks so I'm not a paperhanded fool who change with the goddamn WIND.
do u have balls?
So PLTR just gonna dump the rest of the day and theta kill me
Nah. Not msft
Thanks, kept 100 just for the fuck of it. You holding any?
I am bag holding my 2/19 AAL calls. Should have it my losses a while ago but still not ready to sell. Still waiting for the world to realize these vaccines are legit and supply is actually not bad.
JD surging again 🚀🚀🚀
Etsy stop going down like a lil sloot
go spend a night out with your girl lol
RemindME! 3 hours
Elon in the Thread golding all
Anyone else have more money in their portfolio than in their bank account 🙋
And she always goes
long on BABA or JD
I hope you have shares
It's only been 5 months. He said he thought they would announce within 6 months. I want him to announce a good target and I hope it's not Subway.
100%.

Lol.
I think inauguration turbulence will spook us off the top. Don’t think it’ll drop much but ya
So many anal gods in this sub
Should I sell 1/8 $23 GME Calls?
which broker are you using?
numbers are 🌈
Wasn’t this a meme a year ago or so?
Riot 18c
Research the history of huawei.  You might be surprised.  Sometimes China picks a company in a niche and makes sure nobody can beat it.
Yup
DASH has 3 hours to finally bust through this $140 support so i can lock in my put profits and be done with this trade. Diamond handed them all today.
thank u
🚀🚀🚀🚀💥☠️💎🚀🚀🚀
Cathie Action
So puba was a pump and dump
No!!!
Sold puts last week, was assigned this week. So hoping for a breakout here. May by some calls
Is Pershing doing anything or are people just blindly buying the most expensive empty stock there is?
Man subway is truly everywhere. Even when I was working in Chile I could depend on a (shitty) subway footlong for lunch
https://www.investopedia.com/articles/active-trading/053115/tax-treatment-call-put-options.asp
Today is literally a shrine to thetagang. How did you manage to fuck this?
whats that sec rule 201 next to the gme ticker
And authoritatively repeating alt-right talking points like 'Publishers aren't platforms' when there's no legal definition of either in US law really makes it seem like you have any idea at all what you're talking about.
You didn’t realize your 122% gainz before the lockup period ended? You def belong here
furthest out, highest strike, per the usual
I sold my NIO calls at a loss to double down on PLTR calls. Feels really shitty.
[removed]
baba saving my portfolio lol
Hell yeah dude
Dude, you need to stop reading and watching prepping forums/shows. The whole world is in the middle of a pandemic, its not just in one area and not limited to a specific economy. As many have already said, it’s been worse before and it was on the back of bs banks or other lending thieves. 

The US still has the largest GDP. China’s GDP, will pass it in the next couple of years, but with they way they are doing business, I do not have faith larger nations will consider flipping alliances to China. If the US had not gone after China alone with just tariffs, but rather bringing their alliances to the table against China, you would have a better chance of growth of western markets, and better business opportunities for other nations.

Edit gammer
very nice
If a crash happens, it sure won't happen this week. Buy calls!
GME is a very small position to them, though
Gme bro
[deleted]
It’s coming back now. Sell that shit in a bit then lol
I do declare $19 as the bottom for GME today. Uh thank ya very much
Anybody know what Vanguard's policy is on lending shares in non-margin accounts? Can't find anything online.
?Tesla is up...
Or shorts covering either way you love to see it
thanks man
Troll account of Dick Fuld lol
I like dreams too.
Isn't that what people have been saying for over a year?
I'm better at python than I am at automod. By allah PBUH, I will give it my shoe. 

https://pastebin.com/3VEAiZBt

What the hell is wrong with this? I'm trying to require Gain/Loss/YOLO posts to be image gallery submissions, ~body: gallery submission wouldn't go. What else am I doing wrong here?
Show me that strong poosie energy Cathie.... ok now!
Big money is rotating right now. Expect big movements next week, just don't dance.
Pretty much except studs aren't sharp like spikes
175 dollar play anyone? i’m bored but saving for a new car :/
Been killing me for a few days
Looks like it you see that VXX chart at all time lows suspicious
Thank you
For sure man- it’s a bit of a confusing sector with Canada being fully legal and US only being state by state currently.  Canadian companies can enter the US once it’s federally legal but even then, there will be many hoops to jump.  The companies already currently operating in the states are ready to rock and roll once it becomes federally legal
Bond market closes early, stock market is normal hours.
Apparently you don’t know. Check out their Twitter
Demo day is Jan 26th. Roll it out to feb my man. Some guy here has been posting about palantir every week and he’s been right about it. He recommends February calls
Overall down in 3 days but I'm up today
[removed]
no u
Lol was up$2000 on GME last week and diamond hands. Now $20. Fuck
GME Gang, how does it feel to lose that retard strength? Similar to what happened with PLTR.
Good choice.
JMIA saves the day again
So, what's the consensus -- sell at a 50% loss or hold my 1/15 PLTR 30 calls?
Who is awarding all these comments???
This is just plain retarded now.
Is it going up too slowly? That can lower IV which lowers your contract value.
Bought more myself. Give it time
GME bout to crash, low 18s.
SBUX leaps for sure. Waiting for a nice blood red day to get some
There's a whole lot of craters on this moon guys! Are we sure we're on the right space ship?

GME PLTR RTX BNC
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lv30CRlJ5ug

norwood is how blading is rated.
ok boomer
Counting shit from 9:30:01 I’m sure.
Expc is taking off!!! Electric helicopter!!! ⚡ 🚁
Will GME hold above 19??
It is crashing. The gains this year are nothing but inflation. It's crashing up.
Aren't they expected to miss the delivery target?
I'm gonna be holding shares of this bad boy for a long time.
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/GetSmokedSon the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I bought 3k worth of MARA @ $3.88 and paper-handed the next day

🤡 🤳🏼
Same, I liquidated ABNB and AAPL shares. Still partying w TSLA gang but last call might be coming up for the night :p
CLOWN GANG
So basically just hold
Wait are studs the same as spikes? Cause if so, that's a different level of fucked
Sold 300 shares of GME, sue me
[deleted]
No one tell him
[deleted]
Make a wish.
You're making it real enticing to buy 2022 leaps
lost
Anyone know whats up with BEAM? All of the other genomics are recovering.
I’ve been in this damn Starbucks drive through line for 15 minutes. They raised prices and a venti is now over $6 and yet I’ve never once driven by at any time of day without there being a massive line, including random hours on a work day. LEAPS on Starbucks.
[removed]
Average down you are going to have an exit at 20.81 probably first week of Jan
Fkin boring ass day
Jesus dude, buy one of the ARKs or something. I bought ARKK and its working for me so far.
Already hate how TSLA can float SPY, we'd be closer to yesterday's highs without it
I tried in the past and after finally getting it to work, wouldn't open at all for me the next day, so I just use the Schwab (not-Edge) website... I've complained to them about this, you should too. If they hear about it enough, maybe they'll fix it
I'm guess he's betting Trea Young would be league MVP or something by the end of the season. Not 100% sure tho lol I barely got into basket ball like  a couple years ago.
Anyone riding the BE/SPR train?
You belong here
Ok makes sense thank you mr smart man.
I am pretty sure it‘s gonna dip again tomottow because all the fund managers like those at melvin get a bonus depending on performance at year‘s end, so they‘ll try to keep the price down. 
Buy shares tomorrow

Ofcourse I could also be talking out of my ass right now, nobody knows
At least 694.20
I’m cash gang I’m looking at charts a correction of some kind is coming soon.
So we can expect $600 direct deposit within the next few weeks?
Yes
Buy more GME.
GME: Mama didn't raise no bitch. 💎👐
[deleted]
Thoughts on banks? BAC or JPM? Anyone going in on these
AMZN about to fuck me. I do not consent
🐻 hibernation season coming to an end soon
Lockup is over
What a beta looking cuck
Dollar losing value, bullish
i enjoyed cyberpunk a lot but definitely stopped asking questions about why things were the way they were pretty early on

also like my portfolio
Tell me how many deliveries did tesla project for 2020 in 2019 or 2018.
500k number is nothing.
GME coming out with some real bullshit
Die SPY/TSLA
My 🧻👐 in early December are bleeding on this 🚀 the past two weeks.
I made doordash accounts last year and got delivery everyday for free. It lasted for like 3 months , pretty sure I racked up $3k+ in free meals since my average meal cost like $30-$40.
Feed them some Brawndo, it’s got the shit plants crave!
[https://i.ibb.co/1Mbqdb6/image.png](https://i.ibb.co/1Mbqdb6/image.png)

$1,500,000 TSLA 1DTE ITM 650 calls just came in
[deleted]
Why dont u load up now
[https://www.cnbc.com/2018/12/05/sell-offs-could-be-down-to-machines-that-control-80percent-of-us-stocks-fund-manager-says.html](https://www.cnbc.com/2018/12/05/sell-offs-could-be-down-to-machines-that-control-80percent-of-us-stocks-fund-manager-says.html)
trading is his job
Why didn't I buy more dip yesterday? It was so scary now everything is fine
Yes
>!bidu calls were up 500% today !<
And going back to the chart I think the consolidation is setting up a breakout really nicely in the near future
Can we ban all tickers under 5B market cap? People like Sir pumps a lot be trying to pump and dump their positions on low market cap stocks
One man's Jacques Cousteau is another man's Deaf Man's Delight.
Damn your brain smooth
Might be the ugliest person I’ve ever seen. Just think: that was the best photo of himself he had to put as his profile photo. LOL
[deleted]
Pfe is legit flatter than my wife
Come on tsla do something 😒
Downright diabolical
I’m here with you buddy
So turns out I like green more than red
zjz back in the building I see
Yea, Hedge-funds don't give a shit about losing money.
ARKG 2/19 110c 7/16 115c
Bought the dip on PTON. Hoping to see a revival of the meme strength
That's Mr. Potato to you son
Bruh haha relax this is a long play. 1-2 years you’ll be happy
Intel calls, you say?
25% compounded 3 times is ~100% gains, so that's my reference point on stuff I don't expect to go vertical.
You think it's dropping today?
Psth popping. Something is up .
Take the tendies and run XD
No sane woman wants to be rekt. That’s a mentally ill sentiment. 


Fuck with bulls and they’re gonna use your money to romance her. The only way you’re allowed back in the bedroom is to change our sheets.
BABA 300 is coming to a town near you
It was 30 minutes ago
Thank you for the platinum award.
Not until the poors are able to pay, they are pretty much bottomed out. Buying now isn't a bad idea, just money could be spent else where
nice thanks for the tip!
This would be amazing
NET is killing my vibe
[deleted]
Interesting how he chose a prof pic where his face looks like he just shit his pants
Shit on the stock, not the people. Its to help people save money.
What's implied in the first frame is certainly what's currently happening.

The second frame is what is predictably going to happen because......^(stonks only go up?)
It's when your dick is 'short' so you try to trade to compensate.  Never be a 'short' trader
Y’all into women? What are you gay🌈? Anyways, fuck that guy, let’s make HIM our wife.
You still got plenty of time left and it definitely will work out. They should definitely kill their earnings again since production is double shift now. Since I'm really confident about it going up short term and you with that good sense of logic in your head, looks like we gonna fuck it up lol.
I wanna buy some to fuck this old bum.  Born with a silver spoon in his mouth and thinks he's a genius.  You plan on shorting a stock with 100% shorts already wow what an idea you write for yahoo finance?
Can not wait to load up on GME calls on Monday!

Edit: 💎👋🏻🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
$80 is bold but I don’t hate it let’s get this 🥖 brother
[deleted]
[removed]
Idk anything about it but there’s were some 100-300k big bets yesterday on it

*here on wsb
Fuckin PLTR I'm sick of your shit you can't even stay over 28
The hell happened to immersion
I was playing cyberpunk the other day and noticed studded dildos in one of the sex shops. I thought why the hell would anyone do that? Well apparently my portfolio is super into that sort of ass fucking.
then dont skim
True, it's not like there's a risk of this shit going over 30$
Bagholding since 9 dollar. Really fucked up man😉
[deleted]
good point
pls explain!!! what does it meaaaan
Did you bet your whole allowance, puss?
fixing to, whitey.
It's waiting for call buyers before it takes off.
Yesterday was the last day for this I’m afraid.
imagine being so cuck you have all those acronyms at the end of your twitter name.
[deleted]
Then you are truly home.
Under 6 foot idiot.
Fucking baba come on
Why not cut your losses and go back to nio or another stock that makes more sense?

I guess the silver lining is no capital gains tax, but honestly that's a good problem to have.
I’m just here for the 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Bruh it’s up like over %9000 YTD
They're really trying to make us squeal with GME. Hold strong chums 2021 will save it Cohen will make us kings
[deleted]
True.
Hah, well it is the internet.
raise ur hand if you sold PLTR and GME calls for credit
Anyone else on a 3 day losing streak? 🥴
Oh, I got it! Gobbled up. I consider that part of the 99.9%. GL, M8!
Why tf would someone buy at 19.25 when it’s at 19.00?
It’s granddaddy Branson
I'd say somebody that is less than 5'7" and trades stocks but some people might get upset by that.
[deleted]
No work allowed between christmas and new years
doubt
[deleted]
Burning premium. MMs gonna load up at 220
[deleted]
Someone said Ackman was on TV and smiled or something.
Bought GME at 20.81. Do I average down with my last 500 bucks or buy some PLTR for the long term? Either play seems to be equally retarded at this point.
Ban.
It’s a waiting game now! And WSB is anything but patience. But meh, what to expect from inexperienced kids jumping on a bandwagon because of roxket emojis and dumb thesis about short squeeze?
Yes but it’s worth it
Some macd’s are more useful than other 🍔
untrue
Like, a 1:1 deduction? That’s crazy. Guessing that doesn’t work for loss on options.
$300
What is spys infatuation with $372
worried about dem mandate, could mean taxes go up , rates go up, inflation up the balls
You mean 694.20 resistance?
Does tomorrow's trading session end early?
Plz PLTR hit $27 so I can bail out
My leaps sure hope so
Found the bagholder.
I weirdly have faith. Lets roll. I'm hoping for another leg up to 690 today!
You obviously can't read retard
You’re asking that to a sub that beats off to loss porn...
REITs... When do they come back? That's an opportunity
Buy any msft aapl dip tards
if i knew what 20% of this meant i'd give an award.. i still love this comment with all of my heart no matter what
Boomer stocks are the virus
pretty sure I’m just gonna put 100% on Tesla shares and just scalp every fucking dip because it’s been the most consistent gains ever
Red everyday this week. Fuck me
What’s everyone’s criteria for taking gains? I’m looking to set some parameters so I don’t get greedy. 

Seem to be decent at picking things that go up, but tend to hold too long
Big yikes when I'm up 3x

Fucking retard you are.
ban
Wow the calls I bought on BABA before it went up 1% is now even 

So cool 😎 

Fuck options
can we hit 15
That's what she said when I asked her to break up with her boyfriend and be monogamous with me
Fuck outta here
Honestly I don't even need a red day, I just want us to end flat on SPY
Yes, it would appear so. 🤔

Should have a reasonable chance of printing then, entirely dependent on runup before the demo.
Got 99 shares at $25.15 and thought I overpaid. Not that I'm complaining, but do people really think $27 is a good entry point?
Look at all the soon to be worthless options for GME. Holy fuck. a wall of soon to be worthlessness at all strikes from 20 to 25. Jeez. GME gang, u r fucking clueless.  That's a lot of dix you have to suck to make that back. I hear u can charge extra for swallowing.
Jesus, is everyone getting gold?
mystery like ur spaghetti
yeah 'shit posts' yeah......
You would think with this run up TSLA puts would be cheap how can 600P expiring next week is $8. TSLA calls/puts are just waste of money
Morgan Stanley: Intel could face a challenging year in 2021.

No shit Sherlock
Oh I'm playing weeklies. It's been too predictable not to.
Melvin could give a shit less about GME right now, they have like 50m into it.  They have like 1.5b into BABA so I would think they have bigger problems on their mind.
1% Margin brah
Why is CRM so gay?
Damn I was just up 20% on FUBO 12/31 calls now down 40% after looking away for a few minutes fml
It’s a troll account bro.

If we talking about Mike Milken, it’s Drexel burnham Lambert he managed in the 90’s.
[deleted]
look at his hair
Here for Kelly D
Head and shoulders on gme. Ships sinking
*ETF I don't know much about is up 2.5%*

I should start a mutual fund
aww you’re adorable
And being on SSR list doesn't mean you can't short...
You belong here
TSLA 6-month projections, let’s hear ‘em!
BABA stop teasing
If it drops back to $16 I’m going to buy like 100 more shares (with my Wendy’s paycheck)
Don't know, but I'm quite sure it's going to be around 300 in a month or two. Added more to my position below 230.
This kid is so full of shit:

[https://i.postimg.cc/FRcCMWZn/Screen-Shot-2020-12-30-at-12-47-31-PM.png](https://i.postimg.cc/FRcCMWZn/Screen-Shot-2020-12-30-at-12-47-31-PM.png)

[https://i.postimg.cc/DzRYYkqX/Screen-Shot-2020-12-30-at-12-47-44-PM.png](https://i.postimg.cc/DzRYYkqX/Screen-Shot-2020-12-30-at-12-47-44-PM.png)
i hate when people say playing stonks like its gambling bitch i did an hour of dd on youtube stfu
You must be dumb. I am up 140% on my calls. You cannot pump BIDU. The market cap is too large. I'm trying to offer advice to the community, since that's the point of this forum. 

Have fun being down all time fool.
Whatever it is, this is quality entertainment.
The real value should be around $320-400. It’s p/e is the best among anyone with a market cap above 200 billion. It has branches in all the high growth sectors that investors love(literally all; cloud computing, ev, loans, cyber security), and its growth is a whopping 30% year of year and its profit margin is growing every single month as well. 

Honestly, I don’t see a single flaw in baba other than the fact tht it’s a Chinese company and China keeps holding it down. It should be worth more than amazon(amazon doesn’t compete with revenue or margins) if Chinese government would allow it.
Lmao I pray to god you are joking
For sure. I mean I bought some. 

I just sold it the next day for a profit lol.
Wont let them fail untill one of them says something bad and then they all go to jail
I am retard
At first I didnt know why SGMO isnt mooning today, then I read several people paper handing it because they were down 30%.  Take a fucking hike we don't need you, you don't deserve to get altitude sickness when this thing triples
Because you aren’t caught up bro!
Damn. Pros of having the balls to ignore BS news.
[deleted]
RIOT SQUAD WYA
Pretty risky, I want to hold thru earnings. It’ll come back end of day I bet. Seem to be how these are trending. I think it might end even higher. Tomorrow morning a little after open is when I’ll be thinking about selling and rebuying on the dip.
Give me an award and I’ll go all in on GME
what is short trader? or short i keep seeing this, it’s like you buy some shares and when it goes up a bit u sell?
The guy giving out gold is the kinda retard that baught PLTR at $30
I love when RH glitches and shows you’re up for the day 🥲
Its big but it just looks so unnatural.  Same with Nicolette Shea.
My theory is that boomers pump FCEL the technology has no future
no offense man but most people aren't going to listen to a guy who talks about being poor when giving advice about what moves to make.
Eh I got like $120 left
> What I realized last time is that they will never let the market go down while there is still fear in the air.

But this isn't retail fear, which is what I think you're referring to. For instance, COVID fears right now really only exist in retail narratives. 

The real concerns for Wallstreet are dramatic changes in legislation and the Fed raising rates. 

Those are two scenarios in which big money will take profits. 

> whateverittakes I do expect a 5% correction to start the new year though

Careful though, a divided government and confidence in rates staying low would send us to the moon. 

> Tech/China/left are in the drivers seat.

Tech no longer in the drivers seat with the ongoing FTC/antitrust investigations

China no in drivers seat at all. 

Left only gets drivers seat if they win the senate.
What time?
Don’t have an income but you bought 3750 shares. Tf
Goddamn I’m not even good at thetagang. Fuck my ass off
Thanks again, looking forward to doing it 1 more time in 2020 and then I’m retiring to a cabin in Montana.
GRWG on a moon mission.
I’d rather a shitshow than this mediocrity holy shit
Ah I was wondering why PLTR was going one day without taking a dump. That’s more like it
Nice. I sold 3/4 of my shares today because I bought early yesterday and it skyrocketed and I figured I feel like an idiot if I didn’t sell at 200% gain and it dropped. Locked in 100 free shares to hold long term. Hard to resist buying more; it’s just gone up *so* much, I wouldn’t feel comfortable. Might buy more it if drops back to 2$ in the coming days. Price target was 1.40ish, so unless ARK buys some, I don’t think a drop would be unexpected.
highly doubt he can sustain. i put fiddy on luka, davis and durant (was 10 to 1)
How are they in the money if your bag holding and it’s not break even? Do you even know how this works?
If you sell any stonks at a loss you can claim a deduction up to 3k
[removed]
[deleted]
Well FUBO is dead lol
IV crush hurts today. My calls are down while the stock is up.... Eff
This muhfucka here made me buy more shares.  Fuck off dork.
Ah, the tried and true inverse WSB method.
AMD go the fuck back up to 95 ya cunt bitch. This is weak
well breaking even is not a loss.. i really think you are right about silver.. just bad timing on the $SLV options
Make it stop plz
How are we feeling after today’s jump? $30p 3/19/21
Ohh nooo another 15% drop. We have never seen that before /s
Buy fucking SPCE puts I can’t say it enough.
I’m doubling down on everything
[deleted]
Look out below!
[deleted]
17 black!
One -5% day would thanos snap this sub.
Soon the 🐻 s will come out
Of course fam! We riding GME to the moon together!
FB pleas fly again
Holy shit. That’s a primo WSB comment, so we have some sensitive new people in here
dude, you discovered the wheel!
Why?
Oil is boomer stonks.
Big dogs on recess
Is he actually a master of brinkmanship if he just sucks at politics?
Almost all news sections on trading platforms take their articles from outside sources and most automated by bots
...tendies into my calls
Just picked up another 500 GME shares
Lolwut
Half of it is shit posts mate. Thanks for the motivation to continue
Saw an order for 100k+ shares of GME purchased at $19.25. Someone on our side dropped a cool 2 mil.
Who doesn't?

Besides him, of course
I’m 30
What dividend?
Think about the voting power. If you held shares in your margin account and those were lent out you lose that voting power. It is now in the hands of the person who ultimately bought them.

Now think about where the shares come from when someone buys. The trail has to end up at someone with voting power selling!

If you are a shareholder in your margin account and your shares were lent out, when you decide to sell the broker either gives you back the shares from their pool (which currently is close to empty), borrow from other brokerages (GME is currently hard to borrow) or recall shares from the shorts they lent to (usually require the same day).

A single sell by a margin account shareholder could result in recalls for multiple shorts! (just because those shares were lent out multiple times).

The number of shares available for selling/buying is always the available float. The unwinding of the shorts is going to be epic.

Also a good reason to move your GME shares to a cash account. If you keep it in a lendable account you might be hit by selling liquidity troubles during the squeeze.
Wait so you bought in back in September? Did you even look at the stock past a year? Big yikes my guy, have fun with that lmao
Looks like this the beginning of an uptrend , no more 90-93. $100+ next month
Man this shit sucks
FUBU was so 90s, no wonder its tanking
*" ...y'all gonna do if/when the comparison goes from Blockbuster to Netflix?"*

How do you envision this happening? If distribution goes \*mostly\* digital as it has with other mediums (audio, video etc.) it's unlikely without a major pivot physical distribution grows as a revenue stream...they'd still have hardware, cater to the 'vinyl' crowd (of gaming) but I don't see them standing up a twitch or YT competitor if that's what you mean by 'hub'
Can’t wait to see all of you idiots post loss porn
Where the heck are all the sellers coming from at this point? Sheesh
I don’t see anything regarding it. Seems like a full trading day
Are you blind?
Lol that supernatural shit won't work, just get a time machine instead
The chart is so bullish for some kind of correction
Should’ve dumped when the ticker changed 😳
They said if I buy Puts With socks on I wouldn’t be considered a gay bear how do y’all feel about that DD
yeah but I dont even thing these are bears, I think these are just assholes who sit on the sidelines and shit on everyone for no good reason
no such thing as a pure bear here, just two way guys
ELI5
GME🚀🚀🚀Melvin is buried either way. if they back off this thing goes up up up. if they go too low RC will buy the whole thing and it will go parabolic. They are trapped. truly.
No kidding. Most DDs now are just GME or PLTR write ups that repeat the same shit over and over again.

Do I think PLTR and GME will finally start gaining again? Yeah. But I don't need another fucking retard to tell us it's going to happen soon since November.
[deleted]
Been in since the dip at 214 [🚀](https://emojis.wiki/rocket/#:~:text=Meaning%20of%20%F0%9F%9A%80%20Rocket%20Emoji,user%20is%20determined%20to%20fulfill.)[🚀](https://emojis.wiki/rocket/#:~:text=Meaning%20of%20%F0%9F%9A%80%20Rocket%20Emoji,user%20is%20determined%20to%20fulfill.)
My therapist says she'll have me committed if I look again
They’re set for being bigger than cable. They host all the content that they don’t pay for. They make money on ads and the App Store.
When your ass is so poor and you need to get others to buy your stock to drive it up. It’s called pump and dump and you are only helping yourself you fraud
Who? Your wife's boyfriend?
🚀
SPY hitting us with the quadruple bottom today
Anyone in on GoPro?
Just bought 1K shares of EXPC. Let's fucking go 🚀
puts on this guy
does anyone else get the urge to tie this norwood 8 mf up and call some pipe hittin niggas over
Did you tell him to mortgage his house into PLTR and GME?
What is this? A PAMPP eeet for ants?
REMINDER

Cut your losses tomorrow for tax purposes.
sell calls against them, my leap already paid for itself lol
Will I lose all my money if I buy AMC calls
total 5 bagger in a few months
Alright, you've convinced me this is equally as likely!

I would not have thought organic profit taking or flipping for re-entry would find such support when the SSR is declared but looking through other tickers it seems like it is definitely possible. For instance ARKG has a very similar 1min chart + SSR timing yesterday and doesn't seem to have been shorted in any significant volume.

I'll edit the post.  


p.s. I sincerely thank you for the discussion. Cunningham's law is at least 50% of my motivation to post anything on Reddit.
Keep buying my calls pls
any support groups for DM or GOEV
Looks like a troll account.....
That's what margin is for son! Get 299.9% committed!
Lost money after being up this morning. Fuck.
Man that’s terrible to hear
The only thing saving me right now is Tesla
[deleted]
Don't you just pocket the premium and then shares become worthless?
you rock, thanks!
MU gang forever
I don’t know exactly how to respond to this ... so I guess make sure you floss every night before you go to bed
Interesting
Don't forget to give them a good squeeze
I mean they did file bankruptcy
SPY looks like it's about to fall of a cliff. You know what that means 🙃
Fuck this shit. See you next year, brothers
If you took my recommendation to long gold on Monday that position has been printing for you, unless you're poor like me and could only afford a $25 debit spread on GLD in which case congratulations, today your gains hit 20% and you've made $5. That $30 is a lot less limited than the $25 you had before, you might even be able to afford a nice pure IAU call next time they dip instead of a low quality debit spread on GLD. We're in for big gains in the future, my fellow poortrader
I haven’t received my stimulus. SPY to 371
Electric. helicopters. EXP(see) 🚁 🚁
Everyone is a cyborg in 2021. Buy CRWD. Literally free money!
[deleted]
>If an offer comes in that satisfies what he wants to get out of it

Thiel wants to secretly rule the world, this is his biggest ticket.
Don’t care
That's the way she goes.
Baba 240c 12/31
That’s definitely a reversal on zoom
Are bears the poorest form of WSB member?
[deleted]
Goddamn this has been the worst stock for me
Yes very bearish here comes a correction I think.
Fubo TV? More like Fubar TV
I'm so deep in TRIT I can feel the larynx !! 🙏  This is worth double than the current price 🚀🚀🚀🚀
Ok
[removed]
[removed]
Yeah I think so right here
Actually exercised one of my calls for the first time @42.50 a share and plan on executing my active calls to load up on more.. Never though I'd be this pumped about a Chinese product but..

 ET7 looks better than model S in my opinion.  

Straight up is better according to JD power and associates

https://www.jdpower.com/business/press-releases/2020-china-new-energy-vehicle-experience-index-nevxi-study

let's gooo!!!  🚀🚀🚀
DASH pls break 140. I know you want to
It’s red while being on the SSR list today. It is going to get *annihilated* tomorrow.
that's because on a macro and long enough time line, it's already priced in. Governments are going to force people to use EV once china takes over as the dominant currency in the world
retard
Fucking same with my 3/19 and 4/16 $25c. Maybe we are retarded ?
I bought in at 18.07 and sold at 28 something. Should I get back in? Company looked promising and I just took my money cuz i got excited haha
One more strike and spy is out
Definitely risky but I respect the move, probably the safest way to bet 43 million on TSLA in true degenerate fashion bc of that nice IV cushion lol
I can only afford 20 shares but I'M NOT SELLING
Wonder what the “G” stands for 🌈🐻
E X P C
50% of my portfolio in NET
🚀🚀🚀
TA ppl - do we finally have support for AMZN at 3300?
Leaps dont move as fast as weeklies
Yuppp i know, IV is picking up and my calls are not red so all good
What a tragedy to be investing in weed right now and picking Canadian companies. The far more substantial opportunity is in the American multi-state operators (MSOs), which are cheaply priced given the growth ahead in the American cannabis market. My favorite MSO is Columbia Care ($CCHWF), which has the cleanest balance sheet and most competent management (run by ex-Goldman VPs) by far, but you probably can't go wrong buying any of the top-5 MSOs. I genuinely believe there is opportunity for 10-bagger here within 2-3 years' time.
About to go all in VXX calls Tommorow
Your welcome happy holidays

This hasn’t even began to moon yet 🚀
He’s really trying his hardest 🥺
What should shill DASH so people invert wsb and short masively this shit
Don't be such a pussy.
I dont care about the fucking associates thats the job of HR leave me the fuck alone
Lmao down 1.3% “RIP GME BAGHOLDWRA” FOH  🌈 🐻
Screenshots get more karma. Come on, you KNOW this!
I am going to lose $10 on great value
[deleted]
He has 30 strike 50 of them
this is finally Africa's decade, I can feel it
I bought 12 calls I was down 3k from the dip and my hands got really papery and I sold, u have insane diamond hands, I have 1 call left just cuz, Jan 15 as well.

This is giving me anxiety, you are absolutely crazy, my blood pressure from yesterday’s dip was too much I couldn’t handle it I accepted the loss
 [https://twitter.com/DeItaone/status/1344339886028058626?s=20](https://twitter.com/DeItaone/status/1344339886028058626?s=20)

> \*COLORADO HAS 24 ADDITIONAL SUSPICIOUS CASES OF COVID UK VARIANT
Definitely not NIO 😂
[deleted]
BABA all the way. Even using the most conservative figures on expected growth in the coming years and currently. Baba is undervalued. I think the value is around 270. Currently at 239$. I think the law suit stuff will soon be sorted and I am cynical about these news anyways. Anyone else acing this deal?
931 million is the total amount of shares issued and purchased
And economy is in a rut and so demand is in a rut and if dummies like you keep driving up interest rates and energy costs it will remain in a rut.
[deleted]
[deleted]
The world
[removed]
So you think the US market will crash like me?
Data 😩😩
Also what about places where gay marriage is legal?
Why does FUBO want to hurt me so bad? :c

I didn’t even FOMO in I waited for the 30% pullback and it STILL wants to drill.
They got 99 problems but
Lela Star

Edit: oh God I just looked her up now. Don't. She's all plastic now.
I just can't think of a reason for anybody to use their Ecommerce platform. We already have all the other retailers not to mention the brands themselves you can buy direct from these days.
Insiders were only able to sell up to 20%. Some chose not to sell at all on the direct listing date.
I hate it when that happens... Available balance .07c LOL
Do you think it will be much lower?
7% of the returns resulted in intraday trading since March. You stated that 0% was the case and tried to pass that false claim off as a fact lol
Well how much are they NOW
If it gets delisted what happens to covered calls?
Yes. I'm offering advice. You literally cannot move the price of BIDU with your 2.5k. The market cap is huge, clown.
What does this mean
Make us proud and stretch that out
Baba had a hard day at work and he doesn’t need us kids asking for tendies as soon as he stepped inside, you know?
[deleted]
[deleted]
The soon-to-be-bagholders think downvoting your post will fix their bad decisions
You're totally right.

They also have earnings coming up on the 21st and beat last time quite a bit, so might to worth holding through that.
Sï
I kept most of my feb/march strikes at $30 assuming that even if its subway, Ackman can drag it close to if not over that.
Whats dark pool?
[deleted]
For a few days yeah..
All in GME you fucking coward!
Reliance on oil will decline exponentially in the next 10 years
Unless you are buying Puts why would you actively shit on the people who buy meme stocks like PLTR and GME?
And everything we make uses it in some form or fashion
[deleted]
Well, I can’t afford a time machine sometimes you invest after that glorious month, March 2020.
write to congress force that 2k stimmy call volume will be amazing!!!!
Texas, Super overrated
NIO isnt going to stop [🚀](https://emojis.wiki/rocket/#:~:text=Meaning%20of%20%F0%9F%9A%80%20Rocket%20Emoji,user%20is%20determined%20to%20fulfill.)[🚀](https://emojis.wiki/rocket/#:~:text=Meaning%20of%20%F0%9F%9A%80%20Rocket%20Emoji,user%20is%20determined%20to%20fulfill.)
Anyone else eyeing a FEYE breakout? Look at that sexy 3 month
Lot of people not playing GME like to hate on GME, even though it went from being the next blockbuster at $4 per share to now almost $20 per share and paying off debt early
SPY
Alexa play “Fly me to the moon” by NE-YO 😉
[removed]
Didnt even know options went out that far
Thank you rh glitch making me look like a got gains
English bro
EOW is like... tomorrow, right?
ya the thing is, there is less vol in SPX stocks, squeezes you saw in the last few years are less prone to happen
This is pretty good, I think.  Defo right time to buy the dip.  Better to have gone to Feb, but still good
Bidu has been a real champ for like 10 years now
GME puts
Five dollar footlong right up the ass
ITT: retards who don’t know what section 230 is or does. Or what repealing it would do.
Yes. Look up the hemisync gateway experience. 

I’m not joking.
[deleted]
Nice to see a fellow NIO bull, but I thought my 6400 shares were impressive.  Started buying at $7, averaged in @ $18.10      Also holding $60k worth of 5/21C 

This is one of the few meme companies I actually have 110% faith in. China will not let them fail, and their whole BAAS makes a lot of sense to me.  As soon as I read that they gave EV subsidizes which purposely excluded Tesla, and only catered to NIO, I knew this was going to be a good play.
Why is volume so low?
I'm late to the party but found your post doing DD for steel. Your perspective on GME is spot on I think. It's going to take some serious diamond hands but I'm in at 19.98 so not much choice. Did you ever decide what positions to pick up in steel? I'm thinking about grabbing some VALE $18c or $20c Jan 22 and the same for March of this year.

The most promising aspect of Vale looks like its nickel production. With its history of safety and equipment compromises it might not be a bad idea to ride the earnings at the low premiums.
[deleted]
Did your mum burn your beans and toast today or what?
GEX is acting like in August so far
[deleted]
I'd be happy if we stopped trading for the day right now.
Did the same shit to me about GME today lol. Those things expired 8 days ago or something now
🎶prince Ali amazing as he Ali a bababababba
It is a lot easier to Yolo and do weeklies when you don't have a family to feed or an underfunded pension. That is why boomers can't play. This is precisely why I don't have a family and I handle my own retirement accounts.
*If* you wanted in on this you'd have to jump in today to be for the T+3 to settle, right?
Going to NYC. Gonna rub those balls strictly for PLTR gang.
Ok
Interesting. So those who are t religious. Would they care? If they do, why?
Has your uncle ever left his hometown, state, or country?
Great company, strong financials.
That's what I was thinking too... sometime mid-Jan
Skimming skimming skimming... What does all this stuff have to do with each other? GE has a solid business but I don't know when the market will realize it. The politics and EV are irrelevant.
lmao didnt think of it that way. Might be true.
Baba gonna be 250 eow
Yes
:( 🌈
[deleted]
Whenever you’re ready BABA.. it’s okay
Wait till you see what it looks like when I’m done with it
Now i recognize you again PLTR 🤡
All year
Why are so many people investing in GME? I have no knowledge about stocks, I’m just interested
This is the way
Ozon queit period ends on Monday, load up while you can...Vladdy is about to pump
I’m long and girthy GME

You can’t be a Netflix, because you’ll have problems with licensing.

But you can lower the buy/sell spread on games and charge a subscription with fast delivery. GameStop prime.

That will make them shit their shorts. Because you are now a platform with a metric ton of data on your customers.
Even your losses are inspirational, Sir_JACK_A_LOT I want to be like you when I grow up, What would you tell your 23 year old self if you were that age in 2021?
[deleted]
Maybe get a upward move from $BABA today
Always has been 🔫
ITMblondhairguy?
True
BUY SHARES WITH CASH!
Damn I just looked at your post history real quick... your life is sad, I can see now why you are such an angry dude
I bought PLUG puts once.

Never again ..... never........ again.
If AAPL can just bounce back to $136 I promise I’ll learn nothing and make the same mistakes next week
We need to go waaaay politically incorrect to chase out r/all
Forget about BABA. BIDU  is a real champ
Someone email this guy a Wendy's application
Need an 1dte crapshoot to dumb my spare change in. Where to?
Soul mate
The markets were angry that day, my friends, like an bald GME shorter trying to short cover his fuckup.
Let me plug all your holes first
10 likes, nice
Still massively risky. They bet 43 million. If TSLA collapses the IV spike will save them but they'll still lose alot. And with that big of a buy order they're essentially stuck in their position as there is not enough liquidity to unload over a short period of time.
shorting the fuck out of GME, HERE COMES TENDIES
Gonna
Was just teasing you man nice work!
[deleted]
Can astral projection help me trade stocks
[deleted]
[deleted]
Holy shit, GOEV losing even MORE money today. How fucking shitty can 1 stock be? I only own it now because I’ve lost 47% mine as well will just ride it to 0
NIO done for today or we got more fuel?
I'm bagholding a (well it used to be) ITM LEAPS on PLTR and I have little faith that I'll break even with a year to go lol

PLTR is a scam
Let me shit in your mouth and see if that shuts you the fuck up
Finally, some good fucking DD by a redditor with some fucking cred. I am so pissed off by fresh accounts posting walls of text that are obvious copy pastes.

Edit:  after looking at pricing of options, the 12/15c jan 2022 spreads look good. They seem pretty cheap and it is very reasonable to assume GE could break $12 by 2022. If it hit $15, that would make the trade a 5 bagger.
[deleted]
TSLA been leading market indicator since march
Says the guy who literally posted 3 minutes ago “Last chance helping you. BIDU 🚀 “
Imagine having 100k and not selling cc Tesla puts this year
I will forever regret going from NIO calls to GME calls. I went from making profit to losing all that profit and then some. Guess I’ll ride this investment through to the end. 😔
[deleted]
[deleted]
TSLA LEAPS r wild.  Been holding jan22 1000C since the spilt, thinking of rolling even further OTM to lock in some gains.
[deleted]
No Adria Rae? Puts on your shitty list
this year and the average potato walking down the street have done nothing to make me an optimist, outside of the market
Anyone who buys GME now deserves to hold the bags.
That’s the plan, bucko
Expc bois!
hahaha same convo as yesterday, ive been buying all day today and tomorrow. hope you don't miss the train, timing the market or a stock is idiotic IMO, find smart plays and who cares about a few percentage points either way
That news is old as fuck bro

https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20201002005123/en/NCATS-Awards-Palantir-Technologies-Inc.-36M-Contract-to-Support-its-Secure-Scientific-Platforms-Environment

October 2, 2020
Hey G Fuld - did your intern show you WSB?

Just get with the times and change your first initial to 🌈🐻 and then change all of your lame ass “look at me, daddy paid for college” acronyms after your name to CU, CK
Great company
Sq is free money
This market is running on fumes I want a nice little dip by end of day today to load cheap calls
Can I just brag for a second that I put $10 on +10000 Trae Young MVP odds in November
ge is where money goes to die.... sure you may get that one or two time pop....look at their 10 yr chart.... this company has one huge problem....debt
Comments like these lead me to believe that it'll go back up
Hell yeah
Yeah, me too, but I’m stupid, so I just wanted to get a second opinion.
When cumflakess calls me gay, then I know the truth
Sure, but what's implied in the picture above is not actually currently happening.
What I realized last time is that they will never let the market go down while there is still fear in the air. #whateverittakes I do expect a 5% correction to start the new year though. 

Tech/China/left are in the drivers seat.
[removed]
0
Gotem
The more popular this sub is becoming the more autistic we need to be in order to ensure that it doesn't get too big.

We need an autistic correction on this sub before shit gets out of control 😨
Ah yeah, the gaming conference thing.
Yes and no. A good refurb process could 100% make this feasible. Most people's old hardware is just gathering dust in their closet. I would absolutely take my old parts to GameStop instead of trying to resell on Facebook marketplace or eBay. Consumers have shown time and time again they will pay for convenience. I would bet that the same holds true for the casual seller making slightly less profit for a quick easy sell versus putting in the time and energy to sell for more on an online marketplace.

Especially because in most cases, people are making NO profit on their old hardware. It's just gathering dust and depreciating in a closet.
[removed]
something is fucky with my vale 6/21 calls, the more vale goes up the more my calls go down, what gives?
Papa branson will take us to the promised land.
This man does not comprehend the power of the wsb hivemind investing strategy
I got calls for a year out bitch
The other talking heads mentioned it. I'm not sure if Acman himself has been on yet, I'm not watching I just saw ppl on Stocktwits talking about it.
Cathie woodS twitter would scam so many right now
That’s exactly what they are
In SF the weather isn't great? I'm in Florida right now. Hoping to get my mba and punch up to a new job and probably have to move to SF or NY.
I love kayaking but getting the boats on and strapped and off again and then all over when you get back. Plus it’s such an extravagance so made for tendies.
Everything i read says 2 days after ER for period ending 12/31/2021

When does it end ?
Look how delusional you sound lmao
Sho hairline bb
Ha was just curious. Also loaded up on Pltr shares and options .
Volume dingus, fuck nvm you guys flip the entire float weekly lmao. Think about that, short data gets released monthly and there’s enough volume for all shorts to cover in two weeks under your nose. Every month short interest could drop to 0 with no price movement
why the Fuck is RH reminding me about my calls that expired worthless 2 weeks ago? Just throwing salt on the wounds at this point...
You're such a bullshitter. Further up in the thread you claim to be barely 12 years old. Now you're 25. Nothing you're saying jivves. You're really desperate for internet stranger's love?
Both. 

1. RH sucks as a broker. If you’re trading contracts with that low of premium you’re getting absolutely and utterly ripped off by RH. Even without the .05 increment options, your fills are going to suck

2. SPY absolutely trades in penny increments. See above. 

3. You could just be trading very low volume (usually OTM) contracts. This is also a terrible idea for a multitude of reasons. You want liquidity, so high volume or OI, and generally OTM is less desirable; but it’s WSB.


If you’re trading many low premium contracts like that, you’re better off 1. Buying fewer contracts further ITM or 2. Switching to ToS and paying the commission, because those bid-ask spreads are losing you more in slippage than commissions.
What about $CLVR?
no idea man

its probably not going to be subway heh
I'd buy shares since you get 2 warrants for free for every 9 shares you buy. Post merger, you can sell or exercise the warrants.
Glad you made money, i have a ratio on +1 40 / -1 43 / -1 55
you jest, but i'm certain there are retards with the same account value that are so desperate they think it will help them.
I have smol pp and brain, if you buy on margin those shares are able to be lent out by margin provider? If so solution is buy shares on credit card with 21.99% interest rate, LFG!
sell puts
Any thoughts on banks? BAC?
No. My bf is gay and I’m not
This is what I’m probably going to be doing
I run a small restaurant by myself. I signed the lease two weeks before shut down. Business has been okay I guess. My goal was to pay off my debt, end with 10k in the bank and buy my mom and sister a vacation to Hawaii and was able to do all that barely. I started with $50 to my name when I signed the lease. I’m happy about it.
You guys can't pump companies with 100 billion + market caps. Sorry buddy.
For sure. Sounds like you are set. Just wanted to make sure as not everyone on here is as savvy. Congrats again on a great year!
Momma Su take my energy
Neither of them have worked out sadly :(
That’s just snart
Who’s holding BABA calls into tomorrow
25.50-26
Imagine thinking CYBR ever goes down. Lmao
I agree with anal god
[deleted]
Completely meme account.

Picture the meme account is using is Michael Milken - a billionaire.
[deleted]
  6 Dawn Keyh
Genius honestly
I just don’t want to risk having my CCs exercised on a shares I don’t plan on selling for 2+ years. One PR notice of a big commercial contract and this thing could run.
Roger that. I’ll change the flair and keep the boyfriend
It’s theta. Always has been
Did he mention the SPAC?
A rising tide lifts all boats. I probably fucked that up
Give it a week
RIP to GME gang. I hope you get out before everyone get out of it. It's all about being first out
what's the shares changing hand rate every week?
I have a gilf fetish ya know.
Modern must-watch: E.T, Star Wars (the originals), Indiana Jones (the originals), Shining, Waynes World, Godfather, Pulp Fiction, The Good the Bad and the Ugly, Matrix, Terminator 2, Back to the Future, Toy Story, Jaws, 2001 A Space Odyssey, Lion King, Bambi, all the big name disney movies, Braveheart, Forrest Gump

These are so must-watch that the US citizenship test should just be a set of questions based on them.

Honorable mention: Amelie, Tombstone, Casino, Goodfellas, Apocalypse Now, etc

Old must watch: casablanca, citizen kane, gone with the wind, all hitchcock movies, grapes of wrath, etc
[https://i.ibb.co/nMf3pYq/image.png](https://i.ibb.co/nMf3pYq/image.png)

Someone just transacted the first VIXY (ProShares VIX Short-Term Futures) shares in the dark pool since Dec 2019
So tsla is the market now?
Bruh that one company arct dragged down whole market, you cannot possibly have hands that soft.  Im holding 1/15/21 30c's and I hardly blinked
I'd like to see it.
2008 crisis was never solved. Gold has been in a bull market for 2 years. The Fed has no end game. QE will never stop. Stimulus will never stop. In the 1970s  they rose rates to 20% to stop the inflation. Can't ecen raise rates to 2% now without the whole thing collapsing. Dollar is dead. Gold should be 5k right now if more people understood these obvious facts.
30% today, or even yesterday? Probably not. Probably you were up more at the beginning of the day. Or yesterday. Or the day before.
To the Kochs this is just tax loss harvesting. The rules are different.
[deleted]
yeah man I don't fucking root against something just b/c I personally don't buy into it
I got january 2020 TSLA 600c's back in early 2019 for $3

I decided against the 2021 leaps because they were too expensive

They were $10

Thanks for coming to my TED talk
[deleted]
Why can’t they be both
I need an Apple or MSFT pump otherwise mr Margin will call
Let’s leave a note in his car:

Thanks for the F shack.

Love,

WSB
figuring to, whitey
[deleted]
Totally fair... Haven't played them much. Seems like the thing they do a lot, but wasn't expecting that from these guys with the near term chasdaq listing
Nothing

Seems to kill me. No matter how hard I try
You bought in March? Nice! 

I have a small amount left of the big one that I got before the big run in 2017/2018. Sold off fractions here and there as it made its way back up toward 20k again. Just gonna hold whatever I have left and hope it goes to 1 million.
What a day
We are looking pretty similar, im in PSTH, ARKG, TAN, small share allocation to VALE.
almost time to buy more GME, regretted not buying more yesterday
TL;DR, USE ALL MY CASH TO BUY GME 🚀 🚀 🚀 🌞
[deleted]
hedging his puts
Lunch time dip means nothing lol
May I interest you in some $BIDU in these troubling times?
Same, in
[removed]
GME ON SALE???
https://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=finna
I really hope one day we have enough power to fuck over mm’s
Where exactly would it dump to? It crashed pretty hard after Q3 earnings and found solid support around $13. Cohen loaded up more at $16. Q4 earnings is still 3 months away and PS5/Xbox’s are selling out. Even without a short squeeze I see this possibly hitting $30-40. 

Even if I’m wrong, I sold so many cash secured puts on that crash that my cost basis is really $10-11. I’m selling more puts and adding little bits to my position on the red days. My portfolio is heavy on theta ganging. I have exit strategies in cases it dumps
helena price in the mix as well
No but that flair does
Idk. Problem is we don't know when he will announce what company PSTH is merging with. Most ppl think it will be in Q1 sometime but he's on TV today and it's pumping so I guess a small chance the announcement is today.

Oh yeah, and don't forget there's a risk that its fkn Subway lmao
[deleted]
VLDR is interesting....
You think the people here have 3.2 billion for therapy?
Thanos was right but his methods were fucked.
[deleted]
You tipped your fedora at me, didn't you?

Still trying too hard.
I'm an angry angry person whose underlying doubts and insecurities are assuaged through making money in the stock market
I don't deny that. 

However, most of the "professionals" still think we're wrong.

We know we're right, but let them come to that realization on their own.
that heavily depends on subscription volume. Some of these retards are making over $20k a video.
They will provide sales numbers in early jan
Have hears of boomerberg terminal.  Just google it.
Until China bends the stock over whenever it wants
All the DD I need, all in.
Holy fuck, someone called out the massive buy on $1000 TSLA calls expiring a year from now. I looked into the option and they have a 2.7 vega on a $99.5 premium. TSLA's IV is at the lowest 10th percentile. So basically someone just made a huge bet and will make millions if/when IV makes a major spike anytime over the next year.
[deleted]
$AMD pleas fly again
Let us pray!
Jan 11th my friend
Anyone notice that MU is now at 72? The 2018 7/20 90c gang may be avenged to end this year.
Learn what Apple has down and employ/train “genius” technicians to look everything over/test it, start in large markets and see if it can become/stay profitable in smaller markets. Stop having people making $12 an hour run your shop and get smart people in there who know the industry
I did but cut my losses at 2K, saved myself 2K more
What’s Enron?
Boring day. Nothing seems interesting.
Yeah, that's why I'm saying that it could go either way.

GOP winning the senate seats means divided government, which means radical (in Wallstreets perspective) legislation is basically impossible. Status quo stays more stable. Therefore, we see a similar moon as election night. 

GOP losing means the opposite. It doesn't guarantee a sell off, but it dramatically increases the likeliness of one.  

Since Trump is still POTUS, if he pulls some next level shit during his rally, it could cause volatility. 

There's two sides here but what seems certain is that nothing will allow us to stay sideways after the election.
6. Ron Jeremy
She is but you will never find her by spelling her last name like that
My latest buy was in November for 3/19/21.

GE moves slowly and $11 has been tough to break through.
I'd rather not because I also shorted this haha
🤦‍♂️
Damn goodluck brudda
Buying every dip. Just bought this morning at 24.90/s. She's going up up up.
[removed]
6. Janet Yellen
Nice try Melvin
[removed]
They are presenting at a conference I believe.
[removed]
Positions or ban
what does finna mean
Nope!
*spartan voice* AUTISTS, GET READY FOR GLORY 🚀🚀🚀
same here. totally worth it
yeee cuz telling ppl who have a balance of $257 to buy weekly apple calls will pump them high high high!
I know some cuck at a big bank trading desk is trolling us and laughing his ass off when he hits the sell button and sells our beloved stock off
Why does anyone listen to short sellers when everyone know stonks go up?
Me: $350k (Wendy’s)
Wife: $150k (Arby’s)
Entry 41, PT 45, get a deep ITM contract
Long ago.
[$90k bet on JMIA](https://imgur.com/a/DvWb9KY)
[removed]
Yes, it’s the 13 or 17 DONT remember exactly
I edited it ya douche
[deleted]
Bullish.
[deleted]
Moonage
Me too. As a Canadian, though, it's really hard not to have a bad taste in your mouth from BB if you've been around long enough and know the history.
[deleted]
bro just buy pltr calls, make it easy on yourself  why spendhours making a chart to make it justfity what yu'll end up doing anyways
If your boyfriend is gay, does that make you gay or nah?
This is the way
In for the long haul.
Costs $10k per option, I don’t know where you’re looking
NIO [🚀](https://emojis.wiki/rocket/#:~:text=Meaning%20of%20%F0%9F%9A%80%20Rocket%20Emoji,user%20is%20determined%20to%20fulfill.)[🚀](https://emojis.wiki/rocket/#:~:text=Meaning%20of%20%F0%9F%9A%80%20Rocket%20Emoji,user%20is%20determined%20to%20fulfill.)[🚀](https://emojis.wiki/rocket/#:~:text=Meaning%20of%20%F0%9F%9A%80%20Rocket%20Emoji,user%20is%20determined%20to%20fulfill.)[🚀](https://emojis.wiki/rocket/#:~:text=Meaning%20of%20%F0%9F%9A%80%20Rocket%20Emoji,user%20is%20determined%20to%20fulfill.)
[removed]
Sell the calls and get shares
technicals are astrology for men. this is a casino
Is it because you are neither a Prof. nor a Dr.?
Low volume bullshit
NIO swinging that big Dick. 🚀
[deleted]
Small peepee and few real accomplishments
[removed]
[deleted]
Don’t like that guy WSB only had moon stocks
Anyone know if cathie woods is in on fb?
Get out of GME?
Buy the dip tomorrow
I half remember reading something about GME providing mid-quarter financials sometime in January, but I'm not seeing that on the investor relations site or in other searches... Am I crazy or is there a news event in Jan for GME
Just grabbed some WISH. Seemed cheap, never know.
Dkng has been frustrating as hell to trade. I gave up trying to time it well like a month ago. Fuck dkng
Could be holding FUBO too
I don’t want to make assumptions but we are still at least a month and half out so it might be too early for that. I think this drop was mostly for taxes and MMs trying to pump up their EOY earnings. You also would usually see a little bit of a pump leading up to ER in my experience
The more the better
Good on you man. Wish there was more landlords like this in the world.
LOL. People claiming to “help” you in this sub while pumping up their own positions
Should’ve just bought FD if you’re tired of holding after a day
But they are fucked, right? No loopholes etc?
https://biotechtrendsreport.com/the-therapeutics-market-for-autism-spectrum-disorder-asd-is-valued-at-around-3-2-billion/
Should I buy some PSTH calls then?
[deleted]
TSLA 690 calls on this dip plus AMZN strangle 3300-3330
That’s hot af
Yay, RH is showing I’m up for the day even though I’m really down
Yeah I tried to reply earlier but the ticker is banned cuz of small cap. I got 1000 shares at 1.90!  Great long term play I think and it’s already paid off

Can’t believe I missed this one when it came public but I guess glad I did cuz I would have lost a lot!
Not those but I’ve been looking at INSG leaps
[deleted]
NP!
Wow, thats awesome. I need my stimmy so i can get in
I feel like CRSR finna fuck in a day or two
🙏🙏
Try buying a Rolex, Patek, Porsche 911 or a G Wagon.  What recession?
Tim apple 🙌🙌🚀🚀
For some reason I always end up with the daily thread open on 5 different Chrome tabs
MELI
the tides are changing
 > Hurr durrr i think lawyers should testify under oath for no fucking reason when they already have 100s of affidavits under oath and just want discovery to inspect voting machines which have been shown to have a 68% error rate in other counties because im a fucking idiot

This is you
You'll get over it
Buy high sell low
Don’t be a sour puss
Sounds like a good spot.
lol.  I love this sub.  So retarded
Wish I went all in on BIDU calls instead of fucking BABA
Is tomorrow dip buying day or moon mission part 2
Bought to load into VXX calls it’s going up quick good idea?
Thanks dada
NIO 48 eod???????🚀🚀🚀🚀
“There and Back Again” 

by 

Elon Musk
Lockup doesn’t end in February.
Tsla pe is over 1000 lol
He is as smart as they come for sure.
TSLA BEARS ARE FIGHTING FOR THEIR LIVES ROGHT NOW
I’m gonna bite the bullet and sell, have fun on the moon autists🚀
Alright I've reallocated to a boomer portfolio to wait out these next few days, minus a tesla call. The market feels off rn. May make spy trades but im chillin otherwise in etfs and solar
Last attempt at helping you: BIDU. 🚀
My antidepressants made my dick stop working and now I am working with this flaccid grandpa boomer Dick. Just thought I’d play the part
 [https://twitter.com/DeItaone/status/1344338083815297026?s=20](https://twitter.com/DeItaone/status/1344338083815297026?s=20)

> Kerrisdale Capital short [$FUBO](https://twitter.com/search?q=%24FUBO&src=cashtag_click)
Raise your hand if you bought the $FUBO top
Genius!
It’s all about Bovado
im a simple man, i see tim apple red, i buy
I heard from a friend her pegging skills are off the charts.

NOT that I would know anything about that...
Every hour behind the Wendy’s dumpster = 1 share
I don’t know where it was, but a lot of people have second homes here or are vacationing here. The low population density doesn’t mean shit when we have everyone fleeing here and bringing it with them
Monthly because fatter premiums far OTM (I assume we're not breaching $30 for long so I'm selling 30.5c). It's a poor man covered call because I don't actually own any PLTR outright but I do have a LEAP.
[deleted]
Not a 🌈🐻 but GME would probably have to establish the new e-commerce based business model and then have a good earnings or two showing steady profit and potential further growth. 

Right now it’s valid speculation that they will do that, I’m bullish af, but it still needs to be proven, and that they’ve truly turned the corner and aren’t just being propped up by the console cycle rn.
This is the perfect sub for anyone trying to pump their stocks. Most people here can't/won't read, so all you need is screenshot of crazy gains or a DD essay post with 🚀 and everyone starts going all in.
[deleted]
Kinda wanna sell my aapl?
CRSP or AMD 2022 Leaps? I have about 8k to throw at one
Wasn't talking about trading but cool story bro.
Up like 300% from March. You take that back. ROKU is a rocket 🚀 going past mooning and orbiting Saturn 🪐
don't tell me what to do love
What year are you taking the gains?

Thats the year you pay taxes on it.
If I tickle your balls can I have a bomb ass flair
Damn, you burned me fam
Sinaloa
Fuck DKNG
Always buy the dip
[deleted]
The guy probably made more money on bankrupting his casino than any of his other ventures.
[deleted]
Blew my account that day thought we were going to 360 instead we went to 330. I’ll be back though
🚀
I agree with everything you said except you misspelled SHELL

🚀🚀🚀
[deleted]
about tree fiddy
I'm with you fellow autist, been holding 3750 shares for months. Playing around with an extra 250 shares. Don't have an income so cant buy more but I'm with ya.
He probably has 3M open gain position in GME which is why he can afford so much Gold!
[https://i.ibb.co/Kj7Px33/image.png](https://i.ibb.co/Kj7Px33/image.png)

IWW huge lit pool share print

1,000,000 | $196.84 | $197,000,000
I usually eat some macd before buying yea
There were some big bets on wsb. Good for them
thats not a bad thing rn tbh
Fuck you
FUBAR
power sour today
Yes
COVID is a black swan that may/may not “be the recession” you’re talking about, nobody knows.

The real question is did infinite QE, buying corporate bonds, mortgage and eviction deferment actually delay a depression/recession or are we really in a recovery that lasts and, surprise, nobody knows.
I‘m sorry bois Cathie is sore today my bad
can i use this thumbnail for my next youtube?
100 stacks
So many good plays that I closed out for a small profit and here I am, holding XL calls. The suckiest stock that ever sucked.
LOL same boat basically. Back to where we started today!!!
Might go up might go down
Ackman better fkn announce who PSTH is merging with, sick of waiting.

Oh, and it better not be Subway Ackman.
[deleted]
Prob
Don’t man, butt PLUG has retard strength
In a good way or a bad way lol
short report just released on FUBO

DUMP EEEET 📉📉📉
Bro, you're predictable af lmfao. "Sweetheart"? That stuff doesn't work with me. Look man I'm too busy actually making gains. Good day to you 👍🏻
I mean when you say keep this position a couple of years, we are talking about naked shorts. There is a cost benefit that eventually becomes too much. Can they? Probably, but they do have people to answer to, and financials to disclose.They want people to think they make the right picks, not stubbornly hold a bad bet for years.
I think I started with 10K in my yolo account last May so 77K just on my option moves (if I include total earnings its... 224K)
[deleted]
Watching some vintage mac. Nike's on my feet..rip
and that was the last anyone every saw of him.
thats what it is
Y'all really think GME will short squeeze? Im getting sick of holding these April calls, and I bought them yesterday after the dip. Can't imagine some of you lol
Just need XPev to go -10% by eod, thanks
[deleted]
mitch turtle fuckin geriatric outdated crusty no neck mentally challenged anti-progressive ball sack neck needs to get voted out
[deleted]
[deleted]
2022, not 2021
AAPL should atleast touch 140 by the end of tomorrow
Neither because you lost more than you made
The P/E ratio is around 30. Amzn is 50. Tsla is 1200
That's a parody account. Still kinda funny tho. Liked by patel
Vigorous ass sex or like vigorous anal sex
[deleted]
Do I sell my PLTR calls 1/8/21 @ 26 or hold? I bought this pretty high...$1.37
Lol
Lol after the lowest finals ratings ever, fuck the NBA
FUBO about to drill into the low 20s
GME is making a clear downtrend, it’s ok, just let it be, hold it and wait
I don't make money off stonks. I do it for the adrenaline rush and kicks.
[deleted]
Her butthole is so tight
/r/IncreasinglyVerbose
You mean her strapon in your ass, yea?
amen
[deleted]
I’ll say it again for the slow kids in the back, a short squeeze requires lack of liquidity and GME has bonkers volume. Shorts can cover whenever they want. You guys don’t have diamond hands, you flip the entire float every couple weeks
[deleted]
i hope psth doesn’t merge with boomerberg cuz what an anti-climatic merger that will be
TSLA is going to bring down the S&P
careful man lockup exp today. i got the fk out
Everyone who shorts tesla gets wrecked we know this by now
[deleted]
The top two. I'm up so much from march and I'm not selling.
Would be funny is ichan ends up shorting the company they acquire.
“this isn’t going to happen”

Because of this I am shorting them. Thanks! 🙏 🏳️‍🌈🐻
I agree, this company has merits and will slowly dominate the market share of this new industry. Companies are storing massive amounts of data but searching for anything in it is a needle in a haystack, the fact that palintir is so far ahead of everyone else and has already secured hundreds in millions in contracts with blue chip companies shows the faith in the product making PLTR a no brain long term hold.
60k
Billy Spacman will unleash the Kraken once split congress is confirmed Jan 5
I like that sackahoochie girl
BABA 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
The hour when you sit on the toilet playing RH
Thanks man. I agree and I’m not complaining. I want smart kids entering the workforce and paved roads to drive on, I’ll pay my share. I haven’t set anything aside but I’m not worried about it. I’ve moved most of my profit into wmt, KO, and GE so it’ll be there to cash out. I have a pro I’ve been using for a long time that’s used to my usually far more complicated and less profitable ventures.
Yessir!
Unfortunately logic doesn't apply in stock market all the time. Dont bet against retard strength
[deleted]
I will sell him the calls!
Omfg bill spacman on cnbc.....here we go
Enron
GME baby what is you doin
Bingo was his Name O!
Oh she’ll peg you real good. Real good
PLTR dumps to 24.5 by tomorrow right
ALRIGHT BITCHES WHATS THE OPTION PLAY TODAY ??!
Why didn’t the bear just eat those birdies?
weird flex but ok /s
Have fun losing money   Never bet against papa musk   Better to just not get any Tesla if you think it’ll go down   Cause it won’t   It only goes up
It'll come down I have no doubt about that, it's just a matter of when but I'm not a fortune teller and I don't play in options, I like my gains. -8% on the week you're kinda pissing into the wind already there kiddo
Haha, preach brother! The retardation here is great. I almost feel bad kicking them when they're down.

Check out this thread for some real retardation: [https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kn56fn/gme\_shorts\_vs\_hedge\_fund\_margin/](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kn56fn/gme_shorts_vs_hedge_fund_margin/)
net gain.
Seeing such a variety of tickers in this thread, glad to see we’re back to having no idea what’s going on.
appl y u do dis
ORI free 5% on Jan 4th, if you want somewhere safe to store money for a few days.

https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/old-republic-declares-a-special-one-time-cash-dividend-of-1-00-per-share-301196130.html
Shoutout to ROKU for going down like a bitch after getting the HBOMax deal. Go figure.
Final dip on bionano before the afternoon blastoff (almost hit circuit breaker)
Who gives a shit. Covid tests take 2 minutes and are free in a lot of places.
I’m so sorry for your loss brother.
June puts are gonna be hilarious.
Random violent green dildos on TLT throughout today. Someone's trying to front run the end-of-quarter stock/bond portfolio rebalancing.
What the boomer-fuck did I just hear? If you’re going old-school, at least go $MCD or $JPM or something
Cmon in water is freezing
Those do look tasty
Oh I got puts, but boomers keep thinking this stock is some revolutiony shit. Scary
Are you fucking retarded? Like honestly the company with the biggest fucking market cap can just keep going up 😂 thanks for you’re money tho 😘
Source on that?  I mentioned it last night as a possibility but that is wild if that’s the case.
If I sell my contracts Jan 2 do I pay taxes on it this tax season or next?
They still have natural gas plants iirc
Michael burry was right
You can have someone else get behind you and pretend it’s Cathie
[deleted]
>it better not be fucking subway rofl..

How bad do you reckon that will be?
In the market? Or at work?

It ranges from jack shit to millions in this sub
Obvious plan is to become a meme in time with stimmy.
BI-DOOP
baba bout to rip butt hole
AstraZeneca
1DE 51c?
yeah too far from NAV for me. i added some here and there when it fell under 25 but most of my avg is like 21 and 22 as i bought bunch of units.

stupidly i dumped the warrants at $7 to $8 and never reloaded. there was a few times it dropped under $7 but i was like eh i have time and this math doesnt make sense for the $23 strike but here we are..
Do you guys look at technicals before buying options, rsi macd.
Time spent on RH = 24 hrs
returns = 11%

S&P returns > 12% in the same period

:( logging of RH, putting everything in s&p
PSTH the engines are warming
[deleted]
All my tech calls flying! Dip for the past two days are over and time to rebound and moon!
Same tbh. But my job is in London and thank fuck my company let me WFH so I returned to north of england to live with parents and saving every penny.
Every hour, my friend. Every hour
🛖mf fucking with me smh, they usually have double the gains as RIOT and MARA
thats never mattered before
$600 in a few weeks, possibly $2k, but probably just $600.
Guh
will TAN reach $200 by December 2021
Just bought more!!!
All aboard!!
in the bible of TSLA it was written, TSLA shall close 12/31/2020 @ 694.20
I respectfully ask that TSLA fuck my shit up and continue to 700 EOD thanks!
Yeah you guys should all SELL SELL SELL so I can buy back into CRSP!
Spoiler alert: It has a “Powered by Nikola” sticker on it.
UPST is not doing good my man! Have u sold yet?
Nio day run up has begun......
All shares man. I understand options plays and why they're appealing but, if you have hundred's of thousands you can make some very healthy gains off shares and just playing the waiting game. Why risk it when you already made it and your just tryna live a comfortable life? I'm 25 living off my assets already. Haven't worked since like '16. My other business is car rentals. G Wagon's and Teslas. So, I drive nice cars but they're also making me money. I don't need to Yolo $50,000 to try and make $1,000,000. I'm already living a good life. I came from literally nothing man so I'm pretty conservative now. Definately don't want to go back to where I started.
Any tips on which calls to buy to make gains ?
Thiel at some point will realize his gains and move on to the next big venture when it matures. 

If an offer comes in that satisfies what he wants to get out of it, he’s a smart man.
Worry about your own money .
Because short squeeze can happen without news. If the price gets too high and it triggers a large hedge to cover then more than likely that will push th e price higher and forcing other shorts to cover as well. Last thing bears want is to be hanging on an air balloon with one hand
when is power hour
This is how you WSB
The resurrection of Analfarmer2 imho
[deleted]
They didn't close it
I’m shares gang on it and am so close to just dumping them. Shits been flat for like a month. Thank god I’m not options or I’d be getting railed by theta
How do we feel about XOM calls for July?
great call out! Open interest on that call is crazy
3months 46 karma account. Solid dd all in
Just move with the goalpost retard
It’s newish tech to appear on the market. I got sucked into a stupid-ass PE play on something like Theranos like 5 years ago tho
nice! most of my gains for the year were $MSFT and $RH but might be breaking even now with this.
Temp drop, recovery, then first lawsuit and many after will continue to drive down the price. But let’s be honest, this isn’t going to happen it’s political nonsense.
50k
They call me quick money Johnson because I’ll suck the cum out of your Johnson in under a minute for a dollar
Jewish people rule
[deleted]
Too many TSLA circle jerks, gonna buy some puts. Wish me luck. Common sense and valuation are on my side.
Something like $25m in revenue this year with their forecast for future success dependent on eVTOL technology emerging. A fuck load of smoke and glitter and perfect for a good old MOOOOOON SHOT 🚀
[deleted]
Buy puts on $SPCE
Who going balls deep with me  into Jan fubo calls?
I wanna have vigorous ass sex with Cathy Wood
Ok china fined baba 60k for financial regulation breach. But it wiped out almost 250B off its valuation. Wtf is this shit.
Absolutely HALAL
BABABOOEY! Very niice!
many corsair yolos lately  this cant be good
This is how I get my day's aggression out after endles ls.meetings with actual retards that I'm not allowed.to call retards (no more sensitivity training for me, please).

This is supposed to be behind closed DMs, but sometimes I like to just pick the scab a little. Especially when the good members of the sub are pointing out the dress code while the guy with pleather pants is still trying get through the doormen.
no way. PC parts are too delicate for that buy/sell method
Enough to not get stimmy money.
I still don't understand why so many people threw their money at BB but, I hope for your guys sake it recovers
bid 1.53-ask 1.70? its only 160$
Looking forward to the PSTH gain porn
$87k
Like jumping in ice cold water
The Musk had warned people about false prophets
Jack Welch is having a boner. I am in you SOB.
[deleted]
Wait you mean people here have jobs and make money off stonks?
Work in tech? Or are you female with only fans side hustle?
Lol “a function of a company’s profits”

Couldn’t tell you the “profits” of a single company I “invest” in.
Might buy some PLUG puts
🚀🧨🌕💥🔻🤢
Or just live in a non western country and deploy botnets
NIO!!! 🚀
Look up real rates and why going long gold right now is fuxking idiotic

Tbh i dont understand either but thats what i read.
I’m convinced. Doubled my shares
Will FCEL break 14???????
This is exactly why when the correction happens, it will get crazy fast.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Where's my gold award?
Right after inauguration, Jan 20.
it's pretty much 100% of my holdings. I'm scared at how much this is pumping pre-target. I wanted to buy some more shares but can't at this price
Buying the top or shorting at the bottom. Whats your superpower?

I got both. Sooo gifted...
[deleted]
For the people asking for positions, Y’all are delusional if you think a guy pumping a 500billion dollar industry on a internet message board is going to move out prices. MT alone has a market cap of 20B, no amount of pumping on WSB is gonna make a difference. Believe the DD or don’t.
Let’s just say, don’t quit your lib at the Wendy’s
[removed]
Should I invest in GME?
I’ve been holding them for-fucking-ever and so I’m just excited to see them where they should be.
Look at the beautiful cup & handle on the spy 1 month
What makes you think this is not a pump and dump?
First time someone has actually replied with a sensible comment on WSB. Thanks!
Buy the GME dip today or wait?
wow ok, make me regret the 25.6 price point I turned down while eating lucky charms.. should have realized it was a sign lmao 

you have a position?
imagine buying GME or PLTR instead of Tesla.  lol 🤡🤡

non believer of the Musk deserves to lose money.   Buy every tsla dip, easy tendies.   in Elon we trust.
Made $15 back today on GOEV, only &1200 to go...
55k. 35 into the market this year I live like a poor person
Never heard it. What a massive run its had though.
mitch mccdonald is the type of guy who spends his money on nkla stock. that son of a bitch
You need a reality check, the US dollar is not losing its status at all. And stop thinking the US economy is the US Stock market, it's not the same. Why would the stock market care if unemployment is high if profits continue growing.
Yea got a shot ton yesterday
Over $43 million in TSLA Jan '22 $1000 calls were purchased today....

o.o
[deleted]
Thursday 🙊
yesterday was the last time we saw red in the market.. green until eternity my friend. stonks only go up now
any older or more knowledgable investors, how many other GENE technology public companies have there been in the past 20 years
Dollar was worth far far less during Bush Era, when the US was full casino, and literally everyone was making money.

If anything, the fact that this unemployment rate hasn’t already crashed the economy hard (March dip was more fear based), and without any meaningful stimulus for those unemployed, makes my outlook as ‘not too bad’.

The US economy will lag behind other competent states who managed the coronavirus better, but the end result will be the same when the vaccine is fully rolled out.

So yeah, I expect the US to deal with the repercussions with a slow cool to normalize then back to business as usual.

The flexibility of the US employment market potentially allow them to exploit disruptive trends better (remote working and creating tools to do so).
Feels like a dead cat to me.  Monday and Tuesday are going to be fun though.
They stopped working with coal last July
Anyone who has done rhat that after 30% drop deserves it. 

It's much worse then buying at the top.
£30k
Hedge
fk it went all in tdoc like mama cathie. new mutant strain 2021 not even worried son.
Thursday 🙊
Bro.....that first confirmed case is not close to any of the resorts worth Thier shit.
[deleted]
That crow is a theta gang
When you’re looking for one more play, then realize u are 99.9% committed to everything you’re already involved in. Hope this all works out. 😂
I can’t believe Ackman is actually trying to merge with Pornhub
5m MACD is at the crossover point. Can GME do the up thing now? The down thing isn't working for me.
Ah it's CFDs, when you sign up a big warning comes up like 76% of people who do CFDs lose all their money.

The thing is, if you only play SPX and play within the money you have, it's really not risky at all. The problem is greed because leverage is there to use if you choose to. Just takes a few simple calculations and willpower not to use that leverage too much.
Israel is already at 7.5 out of 100 people vaccinated

Dam son
Ah shit here we go again
It's borderline malpractice that RH doesn't allow you to see the options graph until you buy it.
Yeah, I was thinking of selling my calls on Jan 3rd or 4th, then buying again right after it drops, since they have earnings on the 21st and they destroyed expectations last time, but barely raised guidance.
exactly what he is saying. purchased MT just now based on this comment. thanks  i'm a billionaire now
Oh just 1 standard deviation?
That would make the most sense.
Hi can I get some of those pretzels and a full can of soda, thx
Money and rich fucks travel a lot. That’s how the virus got in March. Ski boomers that had just gotten back from Italy. 
The rest is weed.
They actually just messaged back saying because I turned it off my shares won't be lent out
It predicted covid duh
I made the same mistake two years ago (remember that massive 15% drop?) thinking that the bulls were rising again, but I forgot that even MMs sleep
[deleted]
I’m a Tuscan raider now let’s get it
Thursday 🙊
You think? How can I buy puts for Friday. They only have ones expiring Thursday for some fucked up reason 🤔
What else is there to do after market close?
dame. up like 28% on ~3k shares of PSTH 

still no target announced.

it better not be fucking subway rofl..
After last week I was hopeful for $60 EOY. Took a hit this week but I’m still optimistic for early 2021.
CNBC pump
stop spamming u tard
yeah some of y'all are pretty into that sort of thing I guess. No judgements here
Threw $300 in for whatever’s, planned on buying a nice dinner with it

Now I think I’ll actually hold :/
Is he far left or far right lol
Short it then with that brilliant thesis that certainly nobody has ever taken into consideration. Should be free money to short it. Put your money where your mouth is.
Tomorrow is EOW
Because you didn’t buy RIOT and MARA like I did.
Yeah a lot is buried deep in my StockTwits (same account) and some on Twitter (RodAlzmann). Happy hunting.
"blah blah blah" shit this guy said, brought to you from his tendie fryer break at Wendy's. GTFO.
DIS midday still green but off from highs.
SSPK more consolidating ahead of senate run offs in Jan.
Yeah I realize that lol, I spend too much time on this sub
during the shovel mania, buy insanely stupid options and attempt your try at wild swings using luck and zero DD
[removed]
FSLY IS PUMPING FOLKS
#BAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA BAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
We will finally see what the earth’s core looks like
[removed]
green today, red tomorrow
ya bro friday is definitely gonna be a wild trading day!!!!
JMIA with the big green dildo
The yield curve inverted last year in august with a recession taking up to 22 months to hit. This happened far before covid. Now was the covid “recession” the recession the yield curve predicted or are we heading head first into a recession during the first quarter of next year?
[deleted]
Plus he took advantage of the real estate equivalent of the 2020 equities market. Hard to just snap your fingers and reproduce that.
Nio
[deleted]
Quality analysis right there.
Bold. I like that in a Palantard. You bought yesterday when red? Right? Riight?
How much do you guys earn? (Seriously).
 [https://twitter.com/DeItaone/status/1344336578114584576?s=20](https://twitter.com/DeItaone/status/1344336578114584576?s=20)

> \*PEOPLE ENTERING CANADA WILL NEED TO HAVE COVID NEGATIVE TEST
Most of them are on margin though
TD Ameritrade.
Fsly pump 😳
They just finally being valued more accurately 

And they had some ev news
cnbc talked about the silver fox and how his balls are huge
lol i laughed hard at this comment lololol
Gl fuckface
nice
Looking to buy a McConnell autographed poster to mount to the ceiling above my bed. Have around $600 to spend
This sub has lowkey been humiliated by Crip Toes. They're arbitrarily banned despite posting monster gains while pure Pump and Dumps are allowed daily.
SNAP calls on sale
If expiring in 2021, 2021. If expiring tomorrow, 2020.
It is funny how everyone in here knows when the manipulation is coming for shorts to cover and doesn't grab FD puts to fund share buying
Why
What dates did you have on your plays?
\-17% off my top (high of the year) from last Tuesday. Every loss is still losing.
Please remember to post your loss porn and also, charge your fucking phone!
Ya Allah, did you mean to visit r/MuslimNoFap? In challah you will be victorious.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
They're fuk 90% of the time
manually propelled watercraft tendies

Nice.
I hope this summons the r/muslimnofap bot
Depends on the broker, but IBKR will lend out even smaller (hundreds) of share lots in my experience
$30 call or what? Should I drop my two shares of NIO? Lol
Should have sold my car for a MSTR call contract this month.
HOLD TIL TOMORROW MORE ELON MUSK NEWS WILL COME EOY
🇨🇳 LFGGGG
All of us?
CRSR CALLS YOURE DUMB IF YOU DONT
What’s up with Novan?
sold the house for 100k or net gain 100k on the house?
This may still work out, but you should be aware that the market will likely continue to price in the theoretical $1 drop in price upon going ex-div.
Absolute shit right now. Hoping for a bounce up to 265
ghahahahahahaha yea dude. i made a youtube channel doinng the same exact thing and i'm almost to 30 fololowers now.. i'm fuckin famous boys.
Thanks, much appreciated. :)
OPEN THE FUCKING BOX, BILL
TSM is more of a solid long term play, GME & PLTR are more of a gamble. Anyway, good luck
APHA pre-ER run?
buying weeklies on aapl is only if youre banking on earings play or an event, leaps are how you should play aapl
Bought my fair share of 300 hundreds shares boys, I will see you in Valhalla or if not i will see you in the unemployment building helping you fill out your application
Not until the new year
My crayons tell me that if TSLA breaks $690 resistance next stop is $1420
Yup. All I did this week was sell a boatload of puts near the money which will all expire worthless tomorrow.
AND shares
They had some big holdings take big hits ARCT was down 60%. Not enough to move it like it did but still a reason why. All bios hit hard.
The dividend fucked with them
[deleted]
Ladies and Gentlemen,  
  
This is your captain speaking. We have started our ascent towards **NIO** $50 and **BABA** $240. The weather at the destination is pleasant with a hint of thunderstorms later in the day. Please fasten your seatbelts while the seatbelt sign is on.  
  
Thank you for flying Air China. We hope you enjoyed your flight.
[deleted]
To whoever mentioned Bionano Genomics last night, thanks retard. I bought in and already up like 30% thanks bitch
Made robinhood account just for this lol
First week of Jan
CRSR CALLS 🚀
#EVERYONE WHO BOUGHT BABA PUTS ARE FUCKED
Jaden?
No mentions of EXPC spac in here? Merging with EV Helicopter Uber
NO MY $406C 3/19 PRINTING SORRY
Bank of America holding out with the $600 SMH
power hour or sour hour today?
TSLA call holders, we holding til tomorrow or selling today?
Serious question: dafuq is going on with BIDU?
Careful man, it's only pumping because CNBC had Ackman on.

Although if he's announcing today then you bought at exactly the right time I guess lol.
Upstart you’re breaking my heart
double 00
Low vol pointless day
🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀

Did it work?!
Sweetheart, you're the one bringing a Bible to the gloryhole and getting upset that no one has time for the Psalms.

Seriously, why not take your shares over to r/investing instead of seeking reinforcement here?
I agree but last time I tried to speculate this shit the election moon week fucked me.
Jesus, what’s the math on that
PSTH pumping from just straight wsb retard mode
In order for someone to win, someone else has to lose.
Everyone $SHOP 12/31 calls
[deleted]
[removed]
May asperger be with yu
What’s up with the vix
62-year-old grandma, smart, and hot
Hey, this is working out so far. Thanks retard.
it's been a nice little run into the year-end. let's see if I can resist my retard lizard brain and not fuck it up last minute.
At this point the value is purely in what people are willing to pay and has no correlation to the company itself.
Thanks sir
AMC just issued tones of shares. This must be last resort before bankruptcy...
Popular gay porn star
There is no bottom. It is going to zero
[deleted]
He claims to be <12 years old, has $30k+, and doesn't grok how this sub works. We're wasting our time on this one.
This is the way
Up 60% on JNJ 157.5 FDs already, I swear to Jesus if I’m 3/3 on these 10 baggers y’all better elect me or something
It worked with Tesla
Cool, it’s up today and I was hoping this wasn’t based on an assumed Democrat victory (I prefer Democrats, but don’t think they’re going to win unfortunately)
Go you ✊🏿
What's going on with the options pricing on ARK funds?
[deleted]
$35c 1/15 is basically free money
[deleted]
[removed]
Aren't they called synthetic shorts?  Never heard of synthetic shares.
That's fair, but it's been bouncing around for months with a general trend up. Weeks like this one are part of the reason everyone recommended shares - hold on and it'll bounce back. There are plenty of catalysts in January.
I mean... technically they could still be both.
paid for my school and my entire 2020 at the beginning of august with $SLV
when can NET get a reversal. Other cloud stocks are pumping
Fuck both of those options and send her to a trade school

Your girl going to be the best dang plumber around !!
PLTR probably gonna hit $28 multiple times by EOW and then sink back to $25 by Friday afternoon
Just making sure there wasn't a playboy ticker I didn't know about
BIDU to $1000 too  🧧
[removed]
I think shits about correct
I mean BB has got to almost be done dying right? I can't see it dying much more. Glad im only in LEAPS
Haha bottom ey?
Why?
This is boring as fuck. Show me some action!
Yeah I have checked, I’m up 30%.  Gtfo paper hands
Why
Ah, the technology pioneered by Skype decades ago. What? You can talk to people on your computer? Fuck flying cars, gotta jump on this shit.
💎✋ on these 760c
Going to need to see some positions or back to wsb jail you go👮‍♂️
Stop watching porn loser
What are shares
So I have finance YT channel and yea, this how it be. The tough part is you literally can't get good information out to people unless you do the clickbait stuff. Your reach is limited by the game you have to play in.  


My whole mission with making videos was to teach people like myself basic investing/finance stuff. I didn't start getting views until I mixed in the 'entertainment' stuff though.  


FACTS
coyotes making a comeback in my city due to COVID lockdowns
Free, interest on margin used varies
It literally can’t go tits up?
&#x200B;

y'all so entitled
[deleted]
Bitchcoinz is at fucking $28K why the fuck are my stocks stuck at 5%?
1/15 45c is what I went with but the 50c farther out should also work
When do y’all think ICLN hits 30?
Nvda 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Tsla🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🤯🤯

Bidu🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
You're welcome dickhead.
puts on AMZN?
Your post seems to talk a lot about clean energy, but a lot of GE's revenue comes from non clean forms of energy and aviation. They are FAR from becoming a top clean energy producer. I like the leadership and leaps are cheap so its a low risk play though.
Cause I'm not trying to trick and few word don't communicate complex information with a useful degree of detail
NIO 2 green days in a row? ❤
Maybe just a massive hedge
#600 FROM MITCH
#MIGHT HIT IT WITH NO RUBBER LIL BITCH
#🇮🇱
idk, does that have anything to with whether the above meme is currently happening or not?
Where did u see this
2020 unless you are Canadian
[deleted]
Let's go
HA HA HA !
[deleted]
Chinese New Year 2021 - Year of the Bulls 🇨🇳🐂🧧❤️🎉🎊🎆🚀

BABA $420.69 by January 31st, 2022
Definitely. It's great as a screener for things to look into that I never heard of. Its just funny when people want specific credit for 1 of their 10 shouts. This and the what are your moves tomorrow you can find some appealing plays to look into for yourself you usually have to dig through a lot of shit then ask in another comment because they aren't mentioned as much.
time to sell my 1 share of free SNAP from robbing hood? :P
Whose

Also, mine
baby breaks
Now this is actual DD or better speculation compared to the retarded shit we've been seeing the past two weeks. Youre right we all know Biden is a shill so he will encourage most pork barreling to pass bills and get a win on both sides of the aisle.
TSLA might close 2020 at ATH
Anyone trying to have a doordash off this week? First to $500?
We're essentially printing our own cash at this point
Good luck retard
Has anybody been looking at $WWE?
Henry morgan is a looker but i think youd need to get a custom piece if you want him done up like a pinup model
Agreed
[removed]
BUY VIRGIN GALACTIC PUTS ASAP
I swear P'hub hasn't updated their content in 3 weeks, not even fun to browse anymore
Mate it hasn't moved in about 4 months. 4 hours aint gonna help you lol
4Front is a Canadian company that owns the largest marijuana producer in Washington state, among others. Their WA company is doing +3M in sales per month and that's with being restricted to state lines. 

You wanna know who's gonna supply America if GA senate goes blue? These guys will be a major one considering they already have 5+ years of experience in cultivating and processing the marijuana into smokeables, edibles, topicals..etc at a very large scale compared to most other companies. Also, due to the way WA's laws are set up, they don't have a physical retail location at all, which I see as a positive. Rather than needing to keep shelves stocked at competitive local prices, they will be able to take their brand 100% online and gouge every penny as the rest of the country literally watches plants grow and paint dry.
Lol how many times can a stock get short sqzd.
Shares or options tho?
way past its prime
[removed]
That’s what I’m saying!
This is why I love this sub
Best one I’ve seen. Probably rkt too
I hate Star Wars and Cinderella so I don’t track DIS
I got an unusual option alert for Disney.

Normally I ignore them. This one I'm only mentioning because it's insane. 

Someone bought 522 $165 Disney puts with a mid-March expiration.

This fucker is either going to be a millionaire or giving blowies for gin money.
I just want Cathy to hug me and say she’s proud of me for having faith in her 🥺
Nope there’s a lot of theories floating about, SPAC-X (unrealistic) but a lot of people are saying Bloomberg, In-n-out etc... 

I guess you can wait for the announcement but the ship will probably have sailed by then.
Alright I did it, tsla 700c 12/31 🚀🚀🚀
Tell me why I shouldn't ban your other account, too?
Bro I'm telling you this will blow to 59 at end of the first quarter next year.
I'm quite offended reading the comments here. But then again, I am a black jewish disabled transgender sapiosexual vegan tree hugger who votes for the Communist Party so it's hard for something not to offend me.
Zooming out, AAPL goes one direction. The answer to your problem, my friend, is LEAPs
What is the reasoning behind this. Selling weekly (I assume) calls against a LEAP?
No Gimli, I would not take the mines of GE unless I had no other choice ..
R soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo fuk
It’s all the fucking foreigners coming here to ski
[deleted]
Yeah it’ll bleed not crater.
GE $11 LEAPS have been making me great returns, I just keep adding
Short Virgin Galactic!
just bought psth at the very top and immediately started to psth my pants
Idk, are you a paper hand bitch? 💎🤲🏻
Sold STIC for a 5.5k loss. Was too paranoid holding on that shit.

Picked up LEAP calls on BABA, AAPL, MSFT, DIS.
1.7m volume so far so I assume yes
They give the funds to you
NKLA wants to join the party
[removed]
I should have sold at that peak. Oof
Yus
Woah, bro you're reaching lol. You have no idea who i am or what I have going on in life. Nice try attempting to play mind games with someone over the internet but, I'm wayyyyy wayyyy past that level. Stop projecting your own insecurities on others. lol
[deleted]
"As a gamer I would never use a digital game store that GME would make. I want all my games in one place, on Steam, I don’t need yet another game store and launcher on my computer." You scrub GME isn't for pc gamers... GME makes money on console gamers.
CRSR CALLS
Percent?
Ban
Yes, and let Cathie know so she can short it!
it already did
No fuk me good luck you
I'm a bot. Recent empty self posts, noob questions, and spam which people were temp-banned for. Bans are 1-2 days to discourage posts that ought to be comments.

User|Post Title
:--|:--
/u/olliew98|[Bio nano thoughts?](https://redd.it/kn5aar)
/u/kevinmowla|[Need some advise](https://redd.it/kn5aqn)
/u/bdecastro116|[NIO Squeeze](https://redd.it/kn5aue)
/u/Bill-Gapes|[ET (Energy Transfer)](https://redd.it/kn5eny)
/u/hamxa99|[PLTR](https://redd.it/kn5nqb)
/u/DoubleDare2000|[Thoughts on MYOV?](https://redd.it/kn5ymh)
/u/JJ840|[EXPCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCC](https://redd.it/kn6311)
/u/Oldgreg0679704|[SBUX puts](https://redd.it/kn639e)
/u/RedBullRon|[GME To The Moon?](https://redd.it/kn6428)
/u/VeloNYC|[Who ever called FCX, nice job!](https://redd.it/kn6liv)
another good dip I bought I think either yesterday or monday was the mgni!
I got some 230/220 2/19 put credit spreads that are in absolute pain
Jill Biden has nothing on this dude
any MGNI gang here?
US dollar has been hurt but its by no means in uncharted territory. It's been much lower just in the past decade and still defending the major 2018 support. 

And something else you're forgetting is stocks rally when the dollar falls. 

There's simply no other currency that exists can replace the dollar at this point so it can never fail until something better comes along
*up 1% today*
Buying AAPL, the bloody madman
So you're a Wendy's financial advisor? Ok good. Gonna hold you to this one.
Takeoff you mean
RemindMe! 4 Hours
No but it wouldn’t settle until after 1/1 so I wasn’t sure
I know this is a tired complaint but Apple: figure your shit out, either go up or down for more than 5 minutes at a time
Who's memes are dead>?
Tempted to buy AMZN 3320c 12/31. That’s a FAT daily. Should be fun.
spy literally acting all types of fucked up
#BEARS
[removed]
VIX inching upward
Why is MSFT bleeding?
I doubt you will find another dumbass to fall for again,  it like gm did.
#BABA
It's up like 500% this year already lol
I had it and sold it for GME and PLTR 🤡
Idk, have you checked the ticker?
What year is tomorrow?
[removed]
Yea they hardly have thats why gotta not let it fall anymore and just buy shares and be patient. Idk if itll count towards their EOY numbers if they dont sell it though, thats maybe why they would keep holding
#FUCK
Appl wyd bb?
If they not allowed to short today why GME dropping?   I was expecting small rise
username checks out for party animal
Nobody watches professional wrestling
What is the spackman up to??
My GME PUTS are printing hard. Definitely glad I sold my shares at $22 and bought them. Going to rebuy in once we see the bottom of this dip.
[deleted]
Disney+ 🚀 = Disney 🚀 

simple math
https://twitter.com/parikpatelcfa/status/1341030141468786698?s=21
i yam bored
[removed]
Just a tarot card expert dude
time to sell BIDU and buy BABA
You should fuck off
Oh that’d be dope af!
unpopular opinion: SPY puts are the play. Puts for 1/8 are severely undervalued and its no surprise that they're being bought like crazy today. 

By 1/8 we'll experience the Trump rally volatility (if something bad happens) and the GA runoff (which will undoubtably move us very high or very low) 

I'm not saying go full bear gang, I'm just saying we're entering a period of severe volatility and hedges right now are pennies on the dollar. 

Good luck friends :)
LFG!!
Ive learned my lesson too many times on puts.  They are like fireball to me.  Just painful memories.
Hope y'all bought that NIO dip
[deleted]
>I don't think the winning will stop


Do you still think that?
Is it 2021 yet?
[deleted]
[deleted]
It's been inversing apple lately. Sold my puts for the quick 25% ROI. I watch its chart all day every day. As tempting as jan calls are, there's been nasty price action lately, I would get into wide debit spreads for feb or march then close out the upper limit if it pulls back next week/month.
Yeah, I lost $2000. Didn’t daddy Donny tell us to pump 2g into the economy?
If my calls hit I’m buying an Oru kayak. So foldy.
> I did buy the arkg dip yesterday tho!

Very nice!
So you're saying they have an edge on their competition, like the place you worked, because they can ingest more data formats ,index  data more efficiently, and provide better analytics functionality? And you believe their competitors in the analytics space will be unable to replicate this functionality?  


How well does their analytics platform scale to petabytes of data? That use case linked in the link you provided doesn't seem to say how much data the investigators had to parse before identifying the 27 people. Would you also invest in alteryx  [AYX](https://www.google.com/search?rlz=1C1GCEB_enUS887US887&sxsrf=ALeKk004qzUi81Y8u7zahoDZ8IYaBqPO-A:1609348703921&q=NYSE:+AYX&stick=H4sIAAAAAAAAAONgecRowS3w8sc9YSn9SWtOXmPU5OIKzsgvd80rySypFJLmYoOyBKX4uXj10_UNDZPN4pNS4uPzeBaxcvpFBrtaKThGRgAAlgyGa0kAAAA&sa=X&ved=2ahUKEwilisSOm_btAhWPB50JHf4xCmIQsRUwLHoECDwQAw) (NYSE) $123.45 if you think PLTR is a good play? How much better is it for document analytics compared to say, Elasticsearch?
“World economy is in a downturn”...Meanwhile, foreign stock exchanges recently closed at all-time highs.
They’re probably already long gme.
ZM dildoing
Real estate is hyper local. But where I’m at it won’t “go back” really. The craziness is simply due to extremely low inventory.
[removed]
[deleted]
Felt good
Lol, everytime Ackman goes on TV PSTH starts pumping
[deleted]
I have a hard time watching it because I don't want to think it's the last Tarantino movie being made
Open a second account without margin and move the GME shares over.
Good thing I am a power bottom
Kinda shocked at how well SPY puts are retaining value despite the lack of movement, market anticipating a drop likely
Not till February. January will be a massive rally
CRM is such a pile of shit. Don’t think it’ll hit 230 before earnings
Strap in boys I see baba destination at PLUTO
Virgin galactic ABOUT TO DUMP
[deleted]
some hedge fund guy lost money on AMZN this year. I guarantee it.
Bro, have you been under a rock for the past 70 years? We will just bomb the shit out of somebody when the economy needs a jump start. Dont mess with the US. 🇺🇸🤘💣
[deleted]
Decent write up
Got mine this AM. Currently en route to TD Ameritrade lol
What do you hold?
What’s wrong with Colorado? They get like one In N Out and have to close it due to Rona and now they got UK Covid AIDS?
The fuck is SNAP doing? Just die already
100km or 62 miles up.
SQ please have a monster breakout
That would be insane! 🤞
[removed]
Get a job to
I hope so, it's a legitimately great tagline.
got it makes sense. thanks!
Of course its a personal opinion. This is a Wendy’s
I dont understand why msge out here breaking highs in the middle of all this shit.
Anybody else think NKLA will have a retarded spike again like the one from late november? Those $20c look tempting
[deleted]
Had an order sitting at 208.50 yesterday. Feels bad.
Buy a commodity you think will go up while it's dipping. I think gold wants to hit 1950 or 2000 before its next major dump, maybe even 2100, and that big dump will not last long before it starts another climb towards its true goal of 2200. So I'd suggest gold calls on the next gold dip, then the money printed from that should leave you enough to diversify into a wider variety of plays than just gold.

I used to see people saying shit like this about gold, just calling out random sequences of numbers it will hit, and I thought they had to be either liars or retards because if it was really that predictable everyone would buy it and then it wouldn't be so predictable, but then I realized it actually is that predictable and most people are just too poor to get in on it. If you have $214 on Robinhood congratulations, you're one of the global upper class who can afford to get in on gold.

It's the only investment that will lose value forever, yet never as fast as currency. Even if you try to lock the value of currency to it, it still pushes the currency down relative to itself (see: history of the USD; "gold standard" section). I don't know how it does it, I wouldn't be surprised if it turns out religion is actually real and this atomic element is enchanted by God or some shit, it's like clockwork. People print money, gold price goes up, people with stockpiles get enticed by the high price to dump gold, gold price goes down, people print more money, gold miners are enticed by the lower prices to mine harder and save up stockpiles, gold price goes up more than it went down, people with stockpiles flood the market, gold price goes down almost as much as it just went up, but not as much as the value of money is about to go down because you guessed it, the people print too much fucking money yet again and the price of gold goes up. Congratulations, now you too can predict the future of the gold market with perfect accuracy. It's going to do what it does until people stop printing money. Every 10 years gold will be a little cheaper than it was 10 years ago while money will be a lot cheaper than it was 10 years ago.

Or if you aren't vibing with that whole narrative, pick some other commodity. There are lots of them, a lot of them are undervalued, they can be predicted based on tangible factors instead of being at the whim of price manipulation by shady corporations, and they will probably survive the crash if the rug gets pulled on us in the coming months.
Long play into April and June but these slow red days are so depressing
I like all these people talking about EOW plays that assume insane volatility... on the week of the New Year with closed markets and sleeping MMs
[deleted]
If I sell options today that I just bought yesterday do I pay taxes for 2020, or 2021?
BABA HERE WE GOOOO
Mitch McConnell buys virgin galactic shares
I think we missed the boat, been watching them for weeks and they've gapped up big time ... cool tech, definitely the future, but they just can't monetize it fast enough to justify current valuations imo
BABA gang hold strong. We go 350  EOW.
I'm still amazed people on here aren't talking up WWE. I feel like that's a WSB type of stock that's part of the reopening trade, and not retarded like GME/PLTR/NIO/etc.
I would buy longer dated options. The merger likely won’t happen until after January. Buy something with a March or April expiration
[removed]
I don't think they are even trying to cover yet. They are shorting harder to get their EOY numbers looking better.
How hot are the thots
I have a large brokerage account with lending enabled. I'm considering buying some GME just to collect borrowing fees. Does anyone know howany shares I would have to buy approximately to trigger the lending? I know the brokerage is not interested in small lots.
Mods ban this fkin less than 100M Market cap shit
Why the fuck are they hating on NET so hard
Man Cathie Woods could double her net value if she posted to onlyfans judging by some of these comments in the daily...
Virgin galactic is worse than graham Stephan
AMZN is a boomer stock that never moves
[deleted]
It seems $MT is just doing it’s normal thing again. Moons premarket and at open, then sinks back down to below 23.45. Not worried cuz holding long term but my god such a cock tease
NIO 50 EOD, sincerely, captain obvious
The funniest part of Christmas was my uncle saying “we’re truly living in a third world country” talking about politics as we sat down to literally like three meals worth of food including steak inside of a nicely furnished home
[deleted]
[deleted]
Buy virgin galactic puts
why
Its literally only a short term play, look at the charts every console cycle. That alone sans cohen is a huge bullish case. Plus have you seen Tesla? P/E is retarded boomer metrics.
Bought some cheap Jan 15th ORI $20 calls... they have a one time $1 dividend coming up on January 4th...

https://finance.yahoo.com/news/old-republic-declares-special-one-164900146.html

I'd assume this will pump a bit from people looking for a safe stock + free 5% dividend.
I have boomer shares and some $80 may calls hoping for a reopening pop.

Love the sports betting long term.
cool i’ll look into it, thanks! any particular strikes/ dates you’re looking at?
Are you a financial advisor? Or is this just a personal opinion we should take with a grain of salt
Yeah - the majority of battery storage solutions have trouble with scaling. That's been the case for the past few decades. The issue isn't just producing more batteries, it's ensuring capacity consistency.

Don't agree with the assessment on BP though. They have quite a bit of assets that can still be disposed of, have a substantial amount of cash on hand, and is actually a leader in hydrogen. They are building the first hydrogen power plant in the US and built the first hydrogen refueling station in Singapore several years back. They are one of the world's biggest investors in algae biofuels and hydrogen fuels. 

I agree with the externalization of innovation for large corporates. BP's been doing that really well actually - see BP Ventures.
VIRGIN GALACTIC 📉📉📉📉
My portfolio is all green but that piece of shit amc is just plummeting.. shouldn't have bought it LOL pls pls just a little short squeeze incoming
I hope he does! Fucking idiot.
Well this failed
futes still green as fuk to the moon we go
canoo
FOMO levels at ATHs. So give it a few more weeks before it dumps again 😎😎😎
Which one, the big dog or one of its children?
Double down
Agreed. I'm more in shroom stocks & other subs, but this sub has honestly treated me the best by far. This sub gets alot of hate, but a few gems in here are usually finding crazy plays that no other sub can seem to do. I also never see any other sub make gains or losses close to what these folks here can do😂
Everybody raises their price targets to $325-$350 and it plunges to $260. Next stop is probably $250. Fuck.
I didnt touch the fucking stock market for 5 months now. 

But this is the time. 

I got $1200 to throw at the market. 

I bought 17 25$VIXY Feb 19C.

By the current greeks if it gets in the money, it would pay me 22k. 

Good luck me fuck you
Ok, good. Hopefully it’ll happen soon.
My body is ready
Horrible advertising horrible website and all cheap and fake stuff.
[deleted]
I'm banking on a retest of highs by mid-january. End of January gives you enough room for error to exit should it be needed or for contracts to balloon more.
How much do you think Gamestop is worth with 4000+ stores and 44 million members?  New deals with microsoft and pivot to digital and a tech company from retail. Then take a look how small the market cap is at 1.3B. Value.
Finally bought enough T to start selling covered calls. Literally free money since it barely got over 30 last WSB pump.
CNBC: NBA Ratings highest since 2012

Bullish on advertising dollars
Now that’s what I’m talking about! Next time, use more “🚀🚀🚀”
Is this exuberance over $BIDU just the EV thing? What the hell is going on with this stock?
Don't forget about whatever Trump is going to try and pull in early jan. He ain't going quietly.
Anyone else buying CRSR today
So you’re not even shorting it?
Does anyone know where I can buy a Morgan Brennan pin up poster for my bedroom?
Stimmy is going to hit my acc on 1/4 ☺
no
We talking about Bill Ackman or Bellatrix Lestrange?
I’m sorry.. those words triggered me, do not ban this clown
Bruh my brain cells were killer from ambien I took
yeah definitely that’s a great idea, I kinda do that already but not very organized which is something I want to work on for next year. I did buy the arkg dip yesterday tho!
Not a fucking chance, its barely noon and shit is going to be wilin all day
Melvin has more money than all of active WSB members who are in gme
Yeah im not giving up on this play I just gotta recoup some losses so I can get back in
Eow is tomorrow for the U.S.
BIDU back up pls thx
One last Hurrah!
It’s 2 years old. Maybe 2 weeks from being active on wsb, and On a serious note he linked the majority of where the factual support is coming from for this call. 

But not posting positions is a little fishy
Was just looking at SPCE for a pop. Technicals looking pretty good, I'm concerned more with macro effects.
The objective of most here isn’t money just to have money, it’s the freedom that comes with it.
SQ found its bottom. Up from here boys
Super undervalued, just look at all the dd on gme on here. There's actually some pretty intelligent posts. Gme can easily get pushed to nio levels.
If you like horror, hereditary.
Buy shares
But the value of the US dollar has plummeted. How much longer does it have to plummet until the US dollar is stripped of its status as a world/supranational currency? The government is planning to continue QE into 2023. Also what's more grave than the US economy is that of the developing world. There will be a limit to this QE printing game.
No I don’t want to get into that autistic cesspool.

As someone from a younger generation that actually plays video games on a regular basis, everything is done online now.

Barely anyone buys discs. Consoles? Through companies like Walmart, Amazon, etc. GameStop can’t survive solely off selling disc games anymore, it’s just not viable
hard to picture you having brain cells
this market acting all kinds of batshit rn


fucking vxx fucking shooting up and down faster than fat kid on trampoline with little friend
[deleted]
[deleted]
Consider PLUG. It has burned off RSI and now looking strong to make a run towards new ATH.
Also, best argument is: worst case scenario I lose what 20-50%? Best case scenario I gain what 400%-600%?

I got in when it was around 12 so evaluate it accordingly
BABA is the play right now boys... expect full recovery within a couple weeks.
Hopefully break so I can buy more for cheap
[removed]
Shares are better here. The premium on GME options right now is pretty high, plus this “short squeeze@ could last months. 2 weeks is not enough time imo unless you get very lucky
No Thiel wont give up control, PLTR becomes a big boy. Look at their class F share structure, its interesting as hell and gives them a competitive advantage in the long run.
Nope but I’m seeing people who use The same bank as me get theirs (BB&T)
how far along are $CRSP and $EDIT with their gene editing technologies. Once that stuff is mainstream it;s gonna be worth more than amazon.
900
Ban. Just give the tldr
[deleted]
No.
Let’s go SPY
Triple down on January GME calls then 😂😂
I need a BABA support group
if you don't have any GAN, DKNG, FANSUNITE, BABA, VRM or MARA you ain't black
This is true, and in this case I asked for Prayers...im fucked.
your life requires correction
Not good, shit is fake and gay and refuses to drill
BABA RISING 250 EOD 300 EOW
Don't own a single apple product but if you can't afford a pair you def broke
Hold
lmao he used the 68, 95, 98 bell curve LIKEAVIRGIN
It’s the end of the year, which is usually calm. Also, new covid strains and a close GA election? Baby, the volatility just got started
NIO
Thinking opposite actually, I was looking hard for stuff I could sell to offset gains yesterday. 
Market has been pretty kind to most this year.  Why roll the losses into next year when you can cut down on the tax you are paying this year.
[removed]
Should I sell my Jan 2022 $30 calls?
AMZN about to go green and then it's over for you bitches
Put together a watchlist of stocks you really like and want to own for a while then on red days, just buy whatever stock on your list dropped the most. 

Wish I took my advice yesterday when ARKG was the biggest dropper on my list.
I thought I got 2000 to lose
one of these days SSPK will fly. For now though, I’m sitting on fat gains every day from DIS. Mouse is king.
Out of tsla 680 12/31s and into QQQ 315 1/8s
Are you going to jump into more options expiring later next year?
Found one. It's slightly dated but highlights it's political risk in a back handed way since it was done prior to IPO so it was prior to election season. It does get into its political ideology which is an East vs West type of thing. I'll keep looking. 

https://youtu.be/4LQCsPbA6rU
[deleted]
I read that and no where does it say what the target company or industry is.
NVTA had a rough week because of insider selling but calls look juicy
TDOC About to detonate
This sub makes a lot more sense if you put it in the context of that crazy ass movie. The ludes kicking in at the club scene is one of the funniest moments ever on film IMO.
3500
[removed]
Buy msft calls 👌
Sure its gone but he got there scamming people he is not smart.  He got daddys money and helped ride the bank into the ground.
This shit will have a solid floor. Bears will cover if it falls much so just gotta be patient
Come on BABA break through that 239 PLZ
Haven't taken nap during cash session ever since thay day on September when I woke up after lunchie nappie with a 15k hole in my account out of nowhere. Fond memory
....ok?
> I'm wondering if it was profit taking or lack of volume that has resulted in this week's selloff.
PLTR rockets thrusting, get ready to moooooon!!!!
Think about the name of the company and then ask yourself that question again. How does it fail?
I texted NYSE to see if they'll do us a solid.
Borat
Godspeed my friend! Let us ride together to Valhalla or share shifts at McDonalds.
[deleted]
Picked up some April EGO calls and some February SPY calls.
haha
Soooooo ferex time ?
what is entry point for SPCE?
Shit middleman. Worse than Uber
I have some dkng shares rn, what’s your thinking for end of jan?
Thin red line
When the sky is falling that's less fuel needed to 🚀🚀🚀to the 🌚
I’m so bored
It's not too late - most of em are still only up 2% from yesterday's close
don't get used to it
Conversion therapy is not ok
I have no idea how the retards in this country thought a man who has been through as many bankruptcies as wives would lift a country out of economic turmoil
Why would you buy puts if it’s flat? Load up on credit spreads or condors for theta gains
So who lost all of their $600 yet
Yeah, but they've done well. I'm wondering if it was profit taking or lack of volume that has resulted in this week's selloff.
Do you have any positions?
PSTH gonna announce early in January? Be a real bro move for 1/15 calls.
Don’t you ever say that shit again someone ban this clown
Good right spy has been flat for hours
F
Huge volume on $ZNGA Jan 21 2022 $15C's 

What's the news? Who is buying these up?
Lol sucker! Mine said he’s a prince so I should be fine ✌️
[deleted]
Chances Baba goes to 250 by eow?
[removed]
[deleted]
man I tried that on my windows machine last week and it is buggy as fuck on windows too (for me at least).  Doesn't crash, but just glitchy graphics, feels like trash compared to TOS
It’s a legit long play if they get exclusives. That’s what the hype was about. Wait til it bottoms. Buy and hold it for a year +. Hard to do here. But truth.
GRAB COCK AND POINT TO THE SKY 🌌 ✊🏿✊🏿 🍆
That's so many extra shifts at Wendy's. Pass. I'll just take it out of the register.
This MF   


 https://twitter.com/MemberSee/status/1344314293236486145?s=20
theta gang in all mighty morphin power ranger shit fuckinggenghis kahn metroid optimus prime n shit bruh


like how the fuck he megazoid n shit like that
[deleted]
Haha it is, my top play for 2021. I like Er!csson a lot but it's a long play. I cut loss on jan calls and bought more leaps. Telcoms spent so much money on the last auction, they need their base stations but probably need aid from infrastructure package. I'm also buying Verizon leaps on weakness, like today. VZ will be the leader in 5G, t-mobile is likely the better stock. AT&T will be AOL in 5 years IMO but I dont short. 

I also like skyw0rks, especially their next ER - RF antennas' demand skyrocketed this quarter (which also helps qc0m). Theyre way more exposed to apple in housing tho. Their stock also swings like crazy so I can't keep calls for more than a couple days so I just flip weeklies. 

I have leaps in MarveIl, but I think it's going to benefit like most in 5G will - theyll all grow as industry continues exponential growth. Look at the holdings of the ETF FIVG and do some DD on them. a ton of under radar companies in there
Never fails. I get to ath on my portfolio and I start making the stupidest fucking plays
4Front
Time to fuck his wife 😬🤷🏻‍♂️
wow, unexpected wisdom
what do you guys think of WISH
One of them days boys... one of them days
Has to do with one of those internet coins ill let you figure it out
SQ$ is going to murder earnings again.
Robocop dick blaster
Starting to think our days of volatility are over and we’re going to be doing this sideways shit for a while
We are about to end this mans career
TSLA 🥰🥰🥰🥰
GME is played out already, GME is the way
I’ve got a crush on Ms. Wood anyone know if she’s into younger guys?
I have leaps but if you like, you can buy at close and dump at open
he's the only one i respect outside of graham stephen tbh, i like watching positive investing because he's a legit brainlet
Imagine Bezos getting into one his toaster Zoox cars and peeling off - at a reasonable speed of 20 mph

That’s what Bezos needs. OJ style chase in LA on the highway where the suspect is in a Zoox. Hilarity would ensue. Free publicity too.
Anyone else playing 1dte BABA?
Every now and then some shouts out a good setup, rarely can I find them in this trash can
Maybe
Is the new Chinese year the year of the bull?

Edit: No just a Ox
I think Tesla cools down here to perhaps 680
Retarded question
Spy bears wya. How yall feeling
TSLA to 700 🚀
that guy who wrote the $8 PT piece. first time I feel it's warranted.
Thoughts on AZN for March?
Yeah I caught the knife today on some 235 12/31s and road up until now and iust turned to spreads.  Will see what happens.
Thanks
A couple hours? In your dream. Their POV takes at least a month for any big company.
Mind med?
BGS tanking on ex-div date, literally free money
🚁🚁🚁🚁
DMYT merged and is now trading as RSI. I love online sports betting/gambling plays and DKNG needs some competition.  RSI has had 400% revenue growth for the first nine months of 2020 vs the first 9 months of 2019.  Fucking insane numbers. 🚀🌕
DKNG calls for end of january 52-56 range
I’d like to buy more P S T H but not at this price. Geez. Is there something I’m not aware of?
I'm so green. Thanks Gyna!
4Front is the stock you're looking for. Trust.
"Still short TSLA" in his bio. If that's actually true which it's not what a fucking loser.
what becky stonks should i buy
F
I drink a cold one every night. Bout to suck some d to find some seagrams cans
ARKG
yeah i’m taking a look rn looks like I should just sit tight!
Lol fuck it bought 1 option for 30 on 1/15. No clue how that really even works
Holy moly you’re retarded
The DD is there. For starters u/UberKikz11 and his posts is where you should begin your research.
Brave man
Just make sure you don't lose a bunch of it in the next few months so that you're able to pay. Also, congrats retard
The only streaming stock I would get is DIS. Shit like FUBO going up is on the assumption 2021 will have us indoors as much as 2020. 

Spoilers...it won’t.
All in on value share plays and leap calls. 

Sorry bulls, down we will go now
Good call
Ive never understood how gamestop is still in business, its literally Blockbuster for games in an age of digital copies. How profitable can selling Funko pops really be? Use your heads morons lol
Bears have been wrong for months no just fucking give it up
Shit I cut yesterday moons today, shit I hold keeps dumping
[deleted]
Nah
Yeah $4 bfd
All in. I trust your DD and it's cheap enough. 

Here's a rocket 🚀
Best to get out now
Work some OT and get 17 my man
I believed that too, until I decided I'm out. Best of luck.
Ryan Cohen.  That's the only reason to give a damn. The short squeeze potential is just a bonus
Don’t. It’s literally a blockbuster
Fuck the Shorts
[deleted]
Lol I put like 220k in square the past 2 days, looking good so far
[deleted]
BA will fly again 21
[deleted]
Hey bro sell a cc on the PLTR shares. Do a search on YouTube and look for a skinny white guy with glasses and watch his video.
Just remember you made someone else 70k so don’t be sad
Papa Elon needs just $10-15 billion to become the richest person on earth!
Dope. I already have 500 shares but was considering doubling my investment this morning. Guess I’ll do a mix of shares and calls
Tastytrade is great I can't recommend enough. The only thing I'd say is they are a bit dogmatic when it comes to being biased towards unlimited risk plays. There's alot of times where iron condors and put credit spreads are better than selling naked puts and short straddles
It's a good value play and short squeeze. Kinda like how BBBY was. 

But in the end, it's all a crapshoot. Gamblers gonna gamble.
I'm saying. People are sensitive af.
Hold Jiant Dong more or take profits?
GME holding 19.2x level pretty well buy moar shares WSB!
Starting to think every day that MT opens green, you should just switch to puts for the day, cause it's either flat or slow bleeds all day.
begone!
Bng0
Marcellus Wallace speech about pride with Butch is very fitting with WSB.
Money is not an object or a goal. Money is a tool you employ
Aapl tbh
[deleted]
There is a lot of DD on this sub about it also
Make or break moment for baba
This year I'm excited to pay my taxes because if I owe a lot that means I did a good job trading
he is so bald it looks like he is wearing a bald hat
Mom!  I'm still a retard... but not a virgin!!
There is none, I would wait until we dip again....
Markets up today
[deleted]
Don’t act like you know what’s going on
fully
Eng
[removed]
It's definitely waifu material, trades kinda wacky though. All movement happens after or before market
Its what we've been.......training for.
Im ShareGang it’s just fucking boring
This is the way. The price should be in the $40-$50 range based on the fundamentals alone right now. Add Ryan Cohen's genius to the mix and the opportunity is far greater. The short squeeze is icing on the cake that we should all take advantage of should there be a liquidity event that rapidly drives the price past any reasonable fair market value.

I've been long since 2017 and have never been more convicted in the long thesis. I intend to hold for years.
yeah man he was a clown
I feel this.

Did I load up on calls?

No, because I hate money.
CRM is a good company and it’s consolidating too long for this month 🤡
Yeah okay. You work 50 hours a week and have an acre covered in bushes plus a massive yard. I don't have the time or the desire lol. Got the money though so I pay people. Typically friends who want to make extra cash. Also 3 young kids.
What's your top "if you don't buy this right now, then you hate money" stock?
The top as in $21 on a stock going to $40 minimum?  I think he’ll be fine if he’s not a paper hands bitch
[deleted]
AMD let’s fucking gooo
[deleted]
With the gains today, I can only afford bottled water
[removed]
unemployment in your country is record-high, the value of the US dollar is plummeting, exports are down, fewer business expenditures and investments, and the gov't is printing money like there's no tomorrow. The US dollar is beginning to lose its status as a world currency, and developing nations' economies are down, and will no longer buy government bonds to rely on the US dollar, and when the US dollar does lose the status, the US economy will fall.
Cloudera rising from the ashes, time to go 🚀 ☁️
How dare you use my FUCKING REDDIT USERNAME against me? Curses, I'm foiled.
Cohen forcing a share recall for a vote would make the decision for them.
This is what I'm counting on.
I come to this sub for the retardation, sir.
1/13 VIX Calls
anyone else run Schwab streetsmart through Citrix on a Mac? swear to god it shuts down randomly and sometimes takes 5+ tries to reload
You know what... You did something totally against the spirit of the sub and now you're reacting when people laugh at your attempts to fit in.

Were you that ackward in highschool that this is how you try to redeem your wounded self esteem?  

You're trying too hard.
I wanna be rich enough to say 30k isn't much lmao
I am officially a retard
ok I have 2k and haven’t been looking at the market much today what dips should i buy
In with 200 more shares!! 🚀🚀🚀
[removed]
Deez spy $406c 3/19 finna print hardly
I respect Graham for his transparency and being down to earth but i feel like the "you could do this to!" vibe he gives off is partially misleading since he barely makes any money from real estate and almost all of it from youtube.

I say partially misleading because he is decent enough to disclose this wherever he can. I guess i dont really mind it. He's light years ahead of most of these cretins in terms of ethics even if that makes his videos really fucking boring in comparison
FSLY may have found some support.
i just hope they remember before Jan 15th lol
Nah fuck that. FDs every week
Cohen
the covid meme is officially dead
Yes.
I've made options plays before. But, for this play shares makes more sense to me. I plan on holding for about 2 months.
Yeah, I’d be more fearful of a straight recession with a bankruptcy expert in charge deregulating everything, with MyPillow guy giving economic advice.
I haven't, you?
You still holding?
Who tf should I shadow?
One of you retards convinced me to buy TSLA FDs. It’s gambling time
The app provides, the app is responsible.
100% agreed and I appreciate you insight. My logic was that I'm holding 4 55$ calls for August 2021 that I bought when NIO was down to 40$. If NIO is 100$ (going by your example) by April 2021, yes I will lose 2500 in possible gains on the 75$ call I sold, but I'll be able to excersize one of my august 55$ calls with the profit made from the call I sold....it make sense in my head. Which means I'm probably going to fuck this up and be completely wrong as I am certified retarded at this
First of all, we are nowhere near a point where developing countries would not accept our debt. Quantitative easing will work as long as countries believe in the US dollar which they will continue to for a very long time since it's the world's currency. Also US Economy =/ US Stock Market, get that straight

Second of all, don't try to predict the next crash, it's too difficult. Wait until the trend reverses and then short the market. Gold will be taken down with the market as institutions get margin calls and need to raise capital. Gold will only rally after the market has crashed. Look at how gold reacted in every recession, it always dips with the market crash and then rallies after.
well like everybody else I'd like to get rich quick as well however PLTR is realistically a long play, shares or leaps are the way to go on PLTR.
Bro it’s scary out here why CO. WHY
No.
The Orange man is such a wild card. Couldn't agree more though. There will be something in the next week maybe 2 that stirs the pot big time IMO. if i see that spike i will sell too.
I love when people are like who listened to me yesterday and bought (stock), you're welcome. Thousands of retards shouted shit non stop in these threads but we really took notice to your 1 play.
lol what is this get fucked
buddy, after you short GME, you won't even have $100 left.
dude I sold my TSLA stock and calls lmao

now I am afraid to jump back in
$16 wholesale per kilogram powers a car for 50 miles. .32/mile.  32 dollars per 100 miles.  BEV 4.5 miles per kilowatt at say .20.   Same 100 miles less than $4.5. 

And that’s not even retail!  

Have to build stations everywhere. The gas has to be vented to not blowup in the heat, so your filled up car is now empty in the long term lot at the airport after a week. 

This was always the test I used for hiring engineers on projects. Anybody can’t make mincemeat of hydrogen gas is worthless to me.
Emperor Xi here, please tell me more about this allege support
BRB going to join the other side
Oops
😗
Still less retarded than anything on this sub so whats your point? Or did you prefer crayons, rocket scribbles and a picture book?
Maybe for a small lawn.
E X P C on the cult sub
who cares about covid. memes dead
[deleted]
Best advice you're gonna get here.
you are a shallow and pedantic retard
Y' realize this is the old thread?
Does it not?
Whhhat? Who said that
yes
[deleted]
Probably next week
[deleted]
Me
DKNG will go back to ATH's in first 15 days of January. Book it.
Look at u/deltalake’s recent DD and get in.
Yeah that’s cause this stonk dead af
It’s looking pretty good already imooo
green book
Don’t mention the eye he gets very defensive.
and apple lol
priced in right? lol
My Jan 15 30C are already crushed 90% soooooo HOLDING 💎🙌🏻
This is retarded. I literally can’t make a winning play. Even with calls.
Burry level dumb.
[deleted]
I’ll get neitherthank you
Down last 4 days straight. -70K unrealized, how is this not the best market ever?
Gonna celebrate these BABA gains tonight with a nice cold glass of ginger ale
No dude, thats being totally in the loop.   Buying GME is nuts
I'm in it for long term.

If a short squeeze happens I'll exit and re-enter once it's settled back at a normal price. If it doesn't happen, I'll still hold.

If they can achieve relevancy in the gaming industry, they make a good buynhold for the next 5+ years.
Always has been 🔫
I don't use Robinhood because I have the soul of a boomer...but my understanding is margin is enabled by default so they're gladly lending every single share held at RH in margin accounts and not sharing a penny of lending income with shareholders.
I have Tesla bunched up with microsoft oracle and ge in another portfolio 👍🏻
[deleted]
Old people think video games are going away lol
American Psycho
Tesla 1260 eod
I’m with u, i held onto my leaps but sold all my short dated calls, buying them back tm
Speak for yourself

I got approved for and spent 32000$ worth of margin at open yesterday


🤡🤡🤡
Depends on when you plan to sell. If it's just a day trade, not a bad place to short for a small profit.
We are nice, you fucking splooge stain.
This
lol Is anyone expecting them to? If you do this and they have some good forward guidance, which they probably will, you're quite fucked.
Yep same here
The Thing (John carpenter version)
[removed]
$NIO 👀
Pls 🙏🙏🙏🙏
Is anyone else getting the feeling whales are holding until 2021 to roll their tax burdens, making SPY flat for this final week of 2020? 

Dump on Monday?
Once upon a time in Hollywood was great
On the off chance CD is Chinese PLTR, I'm hopping in haha, some weird shit happening on the bid/ask right now

Plz bless me CCP
Alright who's selling GME you fkin cock smokers hold the line!
City of God
Imaginé not buying the ark dip yesterday 🤡
1/6 23c and 1/13 23c ...  one or both will print big.  Remember that VIX closes one day prior to strike date.  So 1/6 is actually 1/5 close.
You're 12 shares will be dearly missed
Ssssooo...."fuck 'em"?
Nah man Subway sucks.
Time for my midday nap 😴
Ban.
[deleted]
In his case it's: buy low sell lower
[removed]
Because...reasons
We're supposed to research??
Yeah I luv you too homie
No but only the other retards call people retards here so take that however you’d like
[deleted]
I think it’ll be up EOD, but idk wtf gonna happen these next couple weeks, idk why they don’t moon yet, maybe we need to wait for earnings
If you don't have TSM in your portfolio then you don't want to retire early. It's pretty much the supplier to everybody.
no, last time recieved a debit card in the mail
Hope you're right, that's when mine are dated
I really wanna buy LMND calls
The Matrix
You didn’t hear it from me but JPMorgan may be doin a lil somethin somethin with BB
"Which chick should I fuck tonight bros?" 

Post fake pictures from google.
NIO moon
I still don't know if FUBO is legitimate or a meme stock.
i'm long on all my positions and almost back to ATH, but anyone else a little worried about the fact that a lot of the companies running up are showing increasing RSI with decreasing volume?
i threw my remaining funds into the stock and this was the result.
The Obama administration had to deal with the shit economy left behind by the Bush Administration and the GOP so Im sure biden learned something  from that
I'm really excited to see how Trump stirs the pot on January 6th at his big DC rally.

We'll see if I can actually hold until then, I'm taking gains quickly lately
Shawshank and big lebowski come to mind
It always is
post screenshots after you do it for massive loss porn karma
[removed]
Romeo Power. Battery company that merged with a SPAC yesterday.
That’s a good point, and I guess they would make more by letting Melvin stay in this position for as long as possible since they get interest on the shares, where as if the squeeze happens that’s gone.
Shut up retard
Check Bilibili too
Give BABA time. It's about to cum up
Half of all my JMIA gains will be donated to Nigerian email scammers 💰
If we create an **FDX** support group, who all are interested in joining?
Depends the context
0% ICU capacity in SoCal. Not happening.
welcome, you retard.
Best part is who liked it..that’s the real gem here 💎
I bought hella PLTR calls when it was trading at 10 i know how to play that stonk homie lol

Im gonna load up on calls in feb after lock up ends

I have shares now, but now is not the time for a levered play on that stonk IMO
Got 2.5k to spend. Already in baba and nio
UK Covid-19 Mutation found in Colorado.

Bullish🚀🚀🚀
Even the growth in consumer pet products from pandemic pet adoptions should allow this company to do well on its own.
Yup IV way too low
Thots on fdx? Fucking insane how much selling is left
Super retarded
The WSB way.
[removed]
Loading up on GME 1dte 19p and 18p on the end of year price manipulation by shorts theory. Just 30 or 40 contracts. 

I'll join the rocket again on new years day.
[removed]
BABA has its support, don’t miss out
OooOoo good catch
So my 120c is going to be a 117 whatever lol
Last of the Mohicans
Is this guy for real? I'm new here but even I know this is a dumb move on this guy.

Im all in with my 3 shares. Lets crush this guy
How did you calculate that percentage?
Who here already has their stimulus available in their account?
[removed]
This is a penny stock.
Preach. You're going to do well here.
Why though
How retarded would it be to buy TSLA puts right now
Increase your returns by a power of 10 simply by investing 10x more. Simple math.
You ever kick yourself for not buying options? 

Imagine if you had placed a proper bet, on something that trades in an exchange, on wall Street...  Then you could find a subreddit of like minded individuals and share it with them!

That would cool.

r/investing -->
[deleted]
[deleted]
im in UVXY Jan 15th $28 Call......UVXY Jan 22nd $25 call....looking to get a little VXX as well
Taking price prediction advice from a bagholder is like asking a homeless guy for investment advice.
Is that fat Mike with the one eye or fat Mike from big Joe’s?
That one goes under disabilities. By fantasy political affiliations I mean people decked out in Apple shit saying they love communism. Tbh that's a disability too.
b.t.a.q launch
[removed]
I'm confused, is retard a compliment? new wsb forum member here
obviously. not very smart either it seems.
ZNGA, my permaprint stock.
i think im gonna hold, its a solid company and im hoping boomer money flows in after merger
😂😂😂 peak wsb
I get this guy is an idiot boomer, but how could you possibly come to this sub and come to the conclusion that GME isn't going to do well? Lol


Gme to the moon in 2021. Buy tomorrow after the dip!!!!
I found him, I found the wife’s boyfriend
I bet at some point it will. Needs to expand customer base as well.
[deleted]
you take that back you cum guzzler!
I was so close to pulling out of Tesla. On a 10 year time scale 680$ is cheap so dw about getting back in on the dip
Hmm yea true thanks for the advice. Good man
Wolf of wall street
Just realized NIO Day falls on a Saturday. Hoping the NYSE will consider staying open for the special occasion.
Is the keyword "advisor" because he wasn't a fiduciary?
Should of bought Tesla options with that money !!!
my boi VIX creeping 👀
Just sold some MSFT in my retirement acct what should I buy. Thinking ARKK and AMD
My award please?
Nio Nio Nio Nio Rocket Rocket Rocket Rocket
Just saying - BB calls for March will 🎶priiiint🎶
[removed]
There's less character space on his twitter name than his head
Tesla calls were up 20% on the day... I ain’t sellin
this week?
Yup. Probably selling pre, but holding some time yet
This is why I belong here.
[removed]
Not gonna look at my RH account until hte first trading day of the new year. But when I look, ARKG better be up higher than 95. or else!
12/31 UVXY 11P is cheaper than 12/31 UVXY 11.5C even tho it was under 11 already today
WTF is this ticker? Have not seen it before today and when I Google I see some ten cent stock
AMZN EOW?
TSLA pump causes oversupply of male hookers offering their asses

fax
Bought shares of Arct don’t let me down bby
do it vxx
yeah he says clownish shit, I don't take it seriously
just look at the volumes of baba calls that are gonna expire tomorrow. MMs are gonna do every thing they can to keep it below 235.
Guys, I think this is a parody account
Pulp fiction
Exactly what I’m debating right now
Ok daddy 🥺
So? They sure as fuck ain't making money from this vaccine.
[removed]
Red by EoD.
Before but not till at least 10th Jan
Imagine being the fucking chad that called TSLA 700 by EOY a month and a half ago and was denounced as unironically retarded
you're a fkn clown lmao. you spend your time making photoshopping bullshit lmaoooooooo
Yeah....don't buy in unless you do your DD.
I bought 116 shares at $8.4. Not working out well so far.
Yeah I fucking hate those thumbnails.
Get over here!
DR PP HAS BETRAYED US
Hey congrats and welcome to the top tax bracket. I'd rather make a lot and pay some of it than not make anything in the market. I'm assuming you didn't make quarterly estimated tax payments but hopefully you are covered by the safe harbor.  I'd find a tax pro now and start figuring this out if you really have over 1m in ST gains. Waiting til April just makes the time crunch painful and you'll likely get worse service at that point.
Same
Big if true.
love it TBH. especially when the race is so close they take a few days to count/ uncertainty goes up.
tesla 1260c open interest? what does that mean
lololol
SPAC's are not required to purchase 100% of a company. I have yet to read of a SPAC acquiring 100% of a company. Usually it is a minority stake. IPO in exchange for a stake in the company is how things work. Not sure what all the noise about 12.5% is about.
I think that might not happen cause with S&P inclusion TSLA haven't been like how it used to be. But I hope it reaches 700.
BAE pleas fly https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/BA.L
720 high, then back to like 690
[deleted]
Learn to read retard
I’ll wait until the WSB pump and dump lord exits
What movies do you consider a must-watch?
"gaming" has been a multi billion dollar sector for probably 40 years.  

And, I'm sure there are plenty of 80 years olds who know what GPUs are; an 80 year old was probably shopping for an ATI or S3 card back in '93 or so. Not to mention all the engineers who worked on them.

I feel like mobile gaming has taken a lot of the growth of the industry, and most of that stuff doesn't rely on peripherals.
Elon coming for that ass Bezos
You know his wife is on WSB right now with a WAP.
My boy
[deleted]
So he is kind of a compass that points south?
That was yesterday. In this market, dips are bought up fast so don't blink or you'll miss it.
I think having a more competent leadership will hopefully prepare for a cooling market. I also think Biden learned lessons during previous recession to slowly cool the market, as well as effective strategies to recover.

My view is they will know it’s coming and put a pre-emptive growth package together leading to stagnation or a slow long cooling off until normalized and regular bull market comes back, as opposed to an unexpected crash bang of 2008.

Inflation will happen for sure, but I don’t think a hardcore recession will hit in 2021, more of a rebalancing.

Gold will be a hedge on inflation, but wouldn’t expect it to outperform meme stocks.

If I were to hold gold, it would only be to store uninvested cash until an opportunity arose. I wouldn’t liquidate everything into gold however.

Worst case scenario, nothing stocks rising in the EV boom will just be victims of a DotCom type bubble, leaving only real players left in the game. (Ie, joke companies like Nikola will vanish when the EV fever pops, TSLA will dip and reign supreme).
Broke from buying braces for my wife’s boyfriend... I grabbed 100 boomer shares too
SPAC's are not required to purchase 100% of a company. I have yet to read of a SPAC acquiring 100% of a company. Usually it is a minority stake. IPO in exchange for a stake in the company is how things work. Not sure what all the noise about 12.5% is about.
Get out, or learn how expensive a good education will be.

Imagine investing on any advice from us autists.
I prefer barrel aged stouts
[removed]
Since I sold my gme stock yesterday I’ve made 350% in DIS 12/31 180-182.5c with that money. 

Sometimes holding isn’t the the best thing for YOU to do even if the strategy is sound.
[deleted]
amen brother
just go in on CCL puts...theyre not beating earnings
The high life, in fact
[deleted]
 Wtf Dr PP was right about TSLA PT of $1294
yes
thats ok, it was dead for like 2 weeks
Oh...
Yup, they are already over 100% right now. But watch I’ll continue to hold them and they’ll expire worthless
I only got 6, oh well.
Why would you ever do that with so much bullish news coming?
Babas gotta close the new year at 250 righ? Right.
Maybe he got tired of larping on fucking reddit.
I hope he is smarter than his daddy. It takes a huge retard to blow up Lehman Brothers.
._.
Pleas fly again
Thoughts on IPA? They're supposed to list on NASDAQ today but I can't find sh×t
VXX calls
NIO calls
I've officially decided to boycott all Youtube videos with stupid ass clickbait titles/thumbnails like this. I swear its like mandatory now to have a thumbnail with some dumbass expression on your face showing shock.
[deleted]
stop following and being a sheep. be a wolf. god speed.
I MEAN WHAT THE FUCK BRO, THIS STOCK IS RAILING ME WITH A MANDINGO SIZED DONG!!!
LETS PUMP IT UP BILL
C’mon VALE, I need a steel hard pp
Down 50% on the day with GME FDs wow. IV crush is fucking real about to crush my head with a sledge hammer if it goes down to 60
Would be nice if this matched the current reality.
(Y)
Wrong again, fuckface! I’m not even a little bit cool
This fucking retard... it literally says the source.

If this is your only source of DD info, you're more retarded than I can imagine.
Let her keep falling. Better price to get in at
800 shares strong. We going to the moon in January! 🚀🚀🚀🚀 right now is an artificial suppression from the 🌈🐻s to keep price under 20 so all the 20cs don't get exercised.
Weed stocks are going to be shit until its legal at the federal level.  At the exact moment its legal, the tobacco companies will take over the market completely.
Lol the volume on TSLA 700c for tomorrow. 

You guys are straight reckless. 😂
[deleted]
Way too expensive
How is this even a question? Don’t touch NKLA.
lets hope so... i am still 15k in the red on a 37 investment ... bought it 2 weeks ago
Dear retard, it’s flat but VXX going up, so maybe next week
[deleted]
[removed]
1 buy is all in?

What is this poor stuff?
Right now I'm more of a connoisseur, but I'd love to study abroad and really dig my face into the research to become an Ass. Prof.
Should've went from some OTM calls, pretty sure that shit would've been a 10 bagger, oh well
Was up 250% on my EDIT, did not cash out. not only up 10%
🦋
I am your boss. Go back to your client behind that Wendy's right now 😡
SPX trying to draw a damn horizontal line
ARKG?
Sell PLTR
Eat my dongus you fuckin nerd.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
huh? ok bud
Buy the dip on RMO. 

Please. 

Trying to recoup some of the money I lost on the $50c I bought about an hour ago.
Thank you for your sacrifice
I miss you, miss you...
[removed]
Probably down to about 17.50 before it starts climbing again
Fucking Playboy....  LOL, ok great grandpa Fap.
It happens to the best of us.  The beer shits are no joke
Im glad you have a magic 8 ball and can see the future.. good job. I say its gonna be 27 dollars next week.  Do I have anything to say this is correct? No, because I cant see into the future you fucking cuck.
Is it true all robinhood accounts are margin by default? If this means we bought shares in Robbinhood, we aren't helping the short situation?
SPACulation
Fuck NIO.   Shit for me in at $47.  You know it’s going to 100 next year easy.
This is  completely wrong though, institutions delta hedge when you buy calls. (ie. buying shares)

And a ton of calls can also cause gamma squeezes.
700
Bought at 5.70 PT 11, 190 shares in. This is definitely going to grow in the coming years.
Somebody please save FDX
[deleted]
What a life
[The only Tesla shorts I can get behind](https://www.news247plus.com/contents_img/N247P-news-image-rachanak950@gmail.com-3281-1594097140.png) 😤
Should I buy into THCB? Am I worthy to be a Tuscan raider?
Liar
oh, i've made a huge mistake
BABA 🚀
wow based on your username i thought you were gonna be a cool guy, but i guess you're not cool
r/nikolacorporation bag holders averaging down. Hope their mods get fucked.
[deleted]
12.5k on deck! What buy team?
(This is a pump an dump. The second you talked about it, it sky rocketed.) can’t wait to see all these bagholders
This guy looks like a penis with sideburns
Is QCOM your best 5G play? I can’t come up with anything better than tqqq
thats what i said didnt i
anyone has any guesses with TSLA, how much is it gonna get pumped? I'd say 690.
Upside down head and shoulders on the CRSR chart.  Buy this next little dip.

Or don't, I don't give a shit.
FEYE with a massive algo spike and now approaching 5% on the day. 

Anything happen?
Agreed got cheapest one, merger success will pull the rest of series...
yea dude.. when i look at my trades this year- i start jacking myself.. furious jacking
every time I've brought it up they seem to dig it.
lmao no one tell him
You bots are getting desperate.
We get it, you’re losing money
Baba and moderna fucked me hard
NET is acting like a big dork.
Lil green day
Well first you have to notice those tabs, but thanks anyway extremely kind stranger.
lol, I didn't know **JD** stood for Jing**Dong**  
  
Some day, it will wave its big dong just like PDD and BIDU have been of late...
JD
Imagine if Robinhood app went into social media?
In his mouth or asshole?
You have shares of m'cac?
Wait until JMIA really pops as well. 

Disclaimer. I am knee deep in both.
Sir, this is the food line
TSLA you absolut beauty right when I thought u dead
[deleted]
Did General Perna mention software that allowed them to collect data from multiple entities to figure out where they are with the Covid vaccine distribution?  Hmm, I wonder who makes that?
Bro, if you haven't loaded up on PLTR you gonna regret it
If  you guys want to meme something that also make sense in the short term and is cheap enough for everyone to get into.

Fuel Cell is a good one to champion around y'all
Yeah I think it's neutral if the GOP takes it, bullish if the Dems do.
I get a kick out of the shit he says
These r-tards forget this EV company actually has sales NOW and have been increasing sales
Max out your Roth at 6k before the new tax period . Have a few more months to do so
Cut AAPL losses?  Wow way to fuck that stock up
Yea I dont really understand snowflakes valuation, amazon redshift is where its at
Haha what’s this Tesla 1200c all ab
Yall a bunch of traitors.

DKNG ALL THE WAY BABY
Power hour is going to be fun
Yup, if you bought the top you can always average down and wait for next rocket. Only put what you can let turn to 0 in penny stocks though
[deleted]
Papa musk would just stop all deliveries to keep it at this number
They do seem to have a promising future with regards to also competing with NVDA a bit, though Apple and Microsoft working on their own processing units might not help for a bit either.. I sold my AMD the other day to jump on a few other things.. 

I wouldn't be surprised if PLUG keeps paying off big time next year despite the supposed forecasts/targets etc.. Some of the Chinese stocks are likely to pay off pretty decent too, eg. BIDU/JD/BABA, NIO/LI/XPEV, JKS/DQ, etc.. SQ/PYPL I expect to keep doing well, STNE/PAGS aren't too bad there. It sounds like SCR might drop a bit in the next few weeks from possible share dilutions (but might not be as bad as people suggest), but keep an eye on that and there's potential to make lots of money off that..

Funds etc. aren't too bad either, eg. ARK(F/K/G/etc.), ACES, NERD, ICLN, BETZ, LIT, etc..
It's a PLTR market cycle, what is so hard to understand?
My low cap weed shares shot up but I still knew it was a fluke from legalization sentiment and moved on. I agree about MSOS and YOLO for American plays, the generally better bet if you’re going to make one. People don’t realize how much red tape still exists owning and operating these businesses let alone across borders. The Canadian companies are drowning in their own supply and have little US exposure.
tHESE CUCKS on CBNC are negative as fuck. Clearly they got poots.
Getting Reddit to refresh this page is like bagholding PLTR, you never know which way its going to go
People stopped being mentally fucking handicapped for a day or two.
Don't worry, it won't last.
Load up on FCEL now? 🤔
Just sell naked calls for 2023.  I dare you.
gme is a retarded chimp.. a chimp is like 10x stronger than a human and a retard is like a 10x version of a human so- 100x super hero retard chimp strength
You been lied to, lil bitch
Someone sector rotate into R D H L please.
i bought baba when it was $295. so yes i did do worse
https://twitter.com/elonmusk/status/1344044584712728581?s=20
Just shit myself. Definitely been a minute since that happend. Probably from the 10 millers I've had so far today
Yeah man. Happy endings all around
[deleted]
You have no idea
Naming my first born ELON
$GUH SHORT SQUEEZE INCOMING, KEEP YOLO'ING YOUR MONIES
QE promised into 2023
Just needing some good news to reinvigorate the buyers. January is going to be solid.
TSLA $700 EOD 😤😤
[removed]
686 on way to 687! We may hit ATH today boys!
Pretty sure he commented yesterday or some shit haha
Condolences.
Auto-erotic financial domination
Im so sorry to all the Tesla shorts.
Okay yeah I get it I liked it because it tracked aapl and was cheap to buy FD calls but you got good reasoning
Go ahead man, it's your money, I'm just curious why you felt it necessary to buy that fucked up number of a fraction on a $30 stock when you're throwing 30k into it already?
Do not lend your shares. Buy more calls for MM to hedge and fuck their calls and the fucking market manipulation they are trying todo.
He was on last night
WWWUT? Lonely?

Have you not been browsing this sub this week?
It’s not a legitimate company but my advice is yolo
Well...she ended up in a mansion at the end I suppose.
Yup
Positive sentiments about parks opening
But then the one time I dig in my heels and resolve to be patient it’s fucking BABA at a cost average of like 275 fuck me
[removed]
BIG DICK ENERGY HIS ASS
She’s already neck deep in ARCT
This is how I feel holding kaleyra warrants. I won't sell tho.
All in on 01/22/2021 TSLA $670p

I’m fucked aren’t I
[deleted]
Speaking of a wallstreet bet post. 

$AGNC 🚀🚀🚀 with these incoming stimulus funds. It’s recovered most of its loss since March.
Ok... Google had it listed as 12 cents but Robinhood has it at 28 dollars. Prolly the ticker change.
I expect PLTR to soar going into 2022 cause, The world in-debt deep debt.  People going to do crazy things with getting out of debt especially those kinds of people. Somebody needs to check that baddabing baddabang cash ride stock here.
Boom Boom Booooom
Cut AAPL losses, should moon now yw
Looks like somone is giving gold  to everyone on this new year.
Green Day Green Day Green Day Green Day Green Day
Sector rotations back into the memes
sector rotation from TSLA to TSLA
I got puts expiring this week, and I got calls in the next two, ride the wave bro.
Fly nio fly!!!
Early jan for the sales numbers and the conference. I think late March or early April for earnings
RUN TSLA RUN, and Thank You Elon papa!
[deleted]
Senate isn’t passing that shit, and if they did Nasdaq would shit a brick.  If you think senate will pass it, buy ton of FB, TWTR, SNAP puts.  Because if 230 gets repealed it will tank the shit out of all social media.
Where you seeing that
Bought when iv was stupid high
You guys I don't know if I'm suffering from PTSD from early December but I've made money seven straight sessions and do not enjoy any of it.
Why did I take my tesla profits the week prior to S&P and put it into Li Auto. Just tell me I'm retarded
Did that TrenandOptions guy finally die from all the steroid use? Haven't seen his crazy ass anytime soon
Maybe cramer was right about Visa right before Christmas, that shit would've printed
That flow into HYLN 06/18/21 35C this morning 👀
It was not a crash it was divided day
This sub is a fucking echo chamber of dimwits i swear to fuck. Ya’ll still buying PLTR calls coz someone called themself a “professional investor” and told u to even tho 80% of shares come out of lock up in 40 days

Ya’ll buying GME today even tho shares avail to short going down on IBKR and its uptick rule in effect until EOD today oh gee i wonder is the short raid done ? Lmfaoooo
[deleted]
So yeah, seems like a good choice for me.
Has 1 billion in a day volume ever been done before? Bingo volume is fuckin nuts rn
[removed]
What type of question is that
Copper. I think there’s some price discovery happening. Copper miners bid, but FCX is best name. No fucking oil acquisition drag any more and they’re gonna reinstate their dividend by 2022. Mines open up in 2021 to much higher copper prices than when they shuttered. Indonesia is looking acceptable. Oil prices are down so cost inputs are low
google
TSLA WILL BREAKOUT EOD EOW EOY
BABA #1 WSB mention

Cathie Wood buying in

CCP clearly not giving too much of a fuck

Still very attractively valued

...I mean, how many clues do some of you retards need?
This recovery won’t be as rosy as they expect. We should be vaccinating 3 million people a day in order for this perfect world scenario to happen. We literally have only vaccinated 2 million lol. And we only have like what? 20 million doses available?
Yep, I think there's a solid chance it hits $20 again pretty soon, next 10 days or so.

I bought 200 Jan 8th $16.50c.
50k shares lol common stock is the only thing available
It's almost as if every investor has taken this thought into account and it turned out to be meaningless/irrelevant/untrue.
Been a contractor most of my life. First 401k, got laid off, not much in that 401k. Moved to rollover ira. Do I want to put it in roth ira before or after year end? Going roth because I'm going to be aggressive with it. Boring stuff goes in traditional
i say do both. god speed retard
[removed]
This thread is fucking gold (literally).
lmao wtf TSLA so wild.  Has there ever been a stock that has options trading with strike prices ranging from $1 to $1260 before?
Lol
[removed]
0 or 150**

Fixed it.
Can't stop the retard train 🚂
All the analysts have guesses of beating the 500k handily. I was considering puts here too.
EV bubble stocks eventually pop once the pump and dumpers are done
That would be me, updated comment above. Looks like we're headed down, pull some profits
This TSLA ATH resistance is coming down
Daddy Elon <3
I hope you make bank and don't get indigestion.
Bought baba at the top today, anyone else do worse
guys are we still pumping pltr? asking for a friend
Based on my experience with HLF, OSTK, TSLA...  those shorts are stupid and stubborn, nothing will change their mind. In the end, they get squeezed out of their positions.
Bro how is that even possible?
[deleted]
i gave this girl perfume for Xmas.  she said where you bought it, my friend wanna get it too.  i told her Macy's.  but i got it cheap, at a bargain at eBay.
What’s up with donkey Kong? Is the shit ever gonna moon?
Killing folks
GME is now GUH
This is the way
r/lostredditors?

Did you actually mean to post this here in WSB?
You’re buying today or tomorrow?
GME Gang appreciates your energy and investment.
Ah ty. Whoever got in 5 days ago must be swimming in tendies rn
Lol, can't believe I have iron condor that needs spy right between 372 and 373 by tomorrow. Hope this holds.
Honest question here hoping I get some wisdom from my fellow autists. So if I got into a penny stock pump & dump but it's a legitimate company the only draw back is that if I got in too late I might have to wait for a while till after the dump?

Because we all know stonks only go up so it's just a matter of how long that would take to happen. Is my logic flawed?
Cathie needs to buy the dip.

ARCT
Yes. Go watch a breakdown video about their potential to get a gist they're rapidly expanding selling their logistics to other companies and they've got tons of cash since corona they'll be 200 in 2-4 years easily
[deleted]
Holy fuck Dr PP was actually right about his TSLA PT of $1294, that man is a fucking legend
sir this is a casino
So who listened to me yesterday and bought CVX call options... if you did you’re welcome!!!! Up 4K today ... happy New Years
Oh shit, this could be it
[deleted]
Reported for off topic.
Always has been.
Quit being a retarded pussy
Yes. The activist is running a PR campaign and winning hearts and minds left and right. Hence why #WeWantCohen.
Retards grab your bayounets, get ready to charge!!!!
Watching paint dry is more exciting than being in **CRM** calls. I am sick of seeing $22X for weeks now.
Go to Newburgh NY Main Street after 9pm and tell them fat mike sent you.
[deleted]
HIV was is you doing
The worst part is that the people who guzzle these videos down are the people who are investing/trading.. yeah.. un-fucking believable. Can we get another purge please?
I'm not fucking selling.
Not as much as I should have, but more importantly I diamond handed my shares. Wondering if I should drop another 10k into shares.
Sector rotation from non-Tesla into Tesla.
Lol what exp
You are truly retarded.

> In the fiscal year ending March 31, 2020, Chinese e-commerce corporation Alibaba Group recorded consolidated revenues of around 509.7 billion yuan.


509.7 billion CNY is around  US$72 billion.
Their earnings in January, so hopefully it'll be good.  Risky tho
If PLTR ends red I’ll be frothing in my trousers..
[deleted]
[deleted]
I should’ve known better than to trust wsb on BBBY lol
[deleted]
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/mustache_poems the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Remember when that guy drank his piss
Periods.
[removed]
Nio looking out the window deciding if she wants all the attention again. Shyness starts off adorable but can get annoying.
Yes.

It would make sense that a short attack would hit tomorrow for the last full trading day of the year but I personally plan to buy up some of that dippy.
Me
JD is undervalued should easily be 120-140 its gonna 🚀 soon
If you guys get hard off of %2 run up, what happens to you guys when it does %25 in a day? 

Pass out? 
Due to the amount of blood rushing to your harder hard on
Calls on Spy Kids 2
[deleted]
BTFD gaybear
Look into “the aristocrats”
A literal penny stock that has performed poorly, but they're one of a few green energy companies that isn't wantonly overvalued. They're also back in the news with a SPAC merger and new ticker.

Make a small bullish spread, I say.
Damn boys rippin me apart
Most mine are calls for Feb and June. Still tough. But I'm learning, since diamond hands some GME
Guess I should have liquidated everything and went all in on JNJ 160c expiring tomorrow
[removed]
I am the perfect kind of retard, so go fcku yourslef
TDA
[deleted]
$GME because why not. We mooning in January
dates on those?
AMZN $3200 EOW

Fight me!
Elon is in hawaii with larry ellison, I am guessing some sort of software deal is up soon.
A beer company making use of terpenes to make smelly beer?

I don’t know too much about regulation of those, but I don’t think a Canadian weed supplier extracting terpines can do it cheaper than existing farms in the US.

Nor do I think this beer supplier produces a quality product which is going to get into every shop / bar. 

In fact, the overhopped fad is dying out. (My personal taste is overhopped beer is disgusting).

I can’t see this partnership being a huge profit generator, or grants them any beneficial access to US market.

I live in Oregon and we have a dime a dozen breweries, some already experimenting in CBD / weed beers/drinks/seltzers.

I also make my own extract with the bargain basement weed prices in southern Oregon 20-40$ an Oz. Couple drips in a beer does pair nicely sometimes, but I wouldn’t pay a premium for it.
I humbly accept.
Until China tears it down
I thought people here were nice but I guess not
Still in talks homie. But they are starting to deliver $600 payments. If the 2k gets approved they’ll give you the rest if you only got 600
So I says, I says to the man: You gotta enjoy yourself too, am I right?
Psth has a much higher risk/reward. That’s what I play, and that’s how I’ve won. I’m not a long trader, I swing. Announcement should/could be. A huge sell catalyst.
ew, then why are people using it? It sounds like the online version of a dude on the street selling 'rolexes'
Look at spy. Coiled tight today
How about 1,013. Thats a nice round number. Will that work for you?
my $1 of BRK.A filled at 0.82 back in may, it's now at $1.05. Makin it rain quarters up in this bitch.
ITS A HEDGE
I think they’re at 420,690
Dear diary, today I was short on TSLA and got man handled by Elon and some big green dildos. Today was not a fun day.
I’m pretty sure that wasn’t a low-key burn
[deleted]
TSLA MOON MISSION EOY CONFIRMED 700 EOY
I don't trust anyone on CNBC with crooked coke nose.  Terranova, I'm looking at you.
can market stop pretending it can go up
Miyyyead one word lol
Of course, we sitting at just under 20. We still got sales numbers, the tech conference, and earnings
Thank you
Fap
EXPC something is going on
To the moon... :(
[removed]
Did I tell you to go buy it? No. Don’t FOMO find the MOMO. 10x normal volume today. Vanguard bought 5.4M shares. Instead you’d rather copy and paste the fucking rule book instead of finding something that makes money
Memefolio still dead?
Got my sister and mom to buy 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
[deleted]
GOEV needs to make up its mind.
Site that sells cheap garbage from China
Unfortunately the tsla calls I’ve been holding are still fucked
Who the fook is this guy giving gold to all comments?
get in tsla before 700 next week
Is unique another word for gay?
What is the call of a tesla? Electric whine? Screach? I'll do it he saved my week today...
Apple gonna be at 145 before earnings easily!
TSLA 700 EOD
Flaired as shitpost because...

When you described it, it sounds a how a poo is made
Sun is 389x further than the moon, I'll leverage my position by that amount, my position was 60% of my portfolio now its 23,340%
Did you try a rocketship emoji? I hear cavemen can only read hieroglyphics
[deleted]
PAAAMP EEET LOUDER!!
JD 🚀 100+ incoming
just buy ittttttttt
Are you hinting to invest in Norwegian Cruise Line?
Visa LEAPS go brrr
SNAP go up
Bro, some advice. Ideas are a dime a dozen. Execution is where the value is at.
Positions? Spread?
Regular like my pp
What did you smoke with ur 85x PE?
anyone else got a presidential alert to liquidate?
Regular
Is this a dream?
For once I’m not on the short bus. But I am retarded.
Maybe not tesla shares then but literally anything but jets leaps. I'm looking at barely beating the market while tying up money in this crazy bull run
tks brotha👍👍
Boo!
Yes exactly that
[deleted]
oh mein gott
Don’t act like you know what’s going on
[deleted]
I can chew up all of the ingredients you need and then form it into a bar using my hands if you’d like. Then you can pay me for the amount of bars I produce in a day.
so baba reversal confirmed?
Still holding. Its a lonely position...
Imagine this being a big brain play, selling a short only to have it pumped
Thanks. Reading between the lines a possible takeover and/or board control is imminent.
June $IHAK calls are ridiculously cheap lmfao
WSB is already all in - no more buyers at these levels
We're fuk
[deleted]
Jack is out of BARK. He has said so himself. Check his post history.
64bn in revenue, the statement you read was in CNY not USD
Yeah but there are companies that are still pushing to achieve full pump. The play is identifying those and getting out of the covid weaklings before stim ends and curtain comes up
Why say lot words when few word do trick
Someone here has to have some major gain porn off fdx puts at this point. That’s like 13 or 14 red days in a row
just buy it
Elon giving 3 months of FSD if delivery completed in the last 3 days of the year... I think Tesla isn’t quite making the 500k delivery goal and getting desperate
Your dis 180p printed, as expected
Being sad that “it’s not going up” is why people never make any money. No patience. Live in the moment
[removed]
Always always buy Apple!!!
Price i paid i tryed to adverage out rn 4.16 is my adverage price i got 9
Same thing.
My cresco labs shares up 150% would beg to differ, it’s not too early retards are just looking in the wrong place, check out the American companies, they’re profitable and rapidly expanding. If you want options check out the MSOS etf it has only American weed companies in its holdings
Anyone else buy the FCEL dip yesterday? Holy fuck
America is built on co-dependency.
I mean I was basically agreeing with you but ok mister friendly.
I don't follow this logic.
They are already way too high - up 30% on no news
exactly.  like, so cheap a lot of it is just scams.
Ban
Stocks go up and down. Gotta hold and wait sometimes.
Someone with GME tendies is giving gold to all the comments 🚀🚀🚀🚀
Why are y'all excited about PSTH mooning on no volume and news? It's gonna go back down lol
They’re not your average shares, they are shiny and exceptional.
$50 hooker what the fuck. Is this behind a dollar store?
this is why ur losing money, granular ass thinking
Basically 2 algos just bidding against each other now
Just bought Jan 15 calls. Barely otm
Is thursday a short or regular day
[deleted]
RISE UP **MUSK**ETEERS
In the app, tap the more option and you’ll see the chat room tab. You’ll be back here shortly lmao. Idk who tf hangs out there, but they’re not one of us, that’s for damn sure
Any FUBO holders buy at the top and still diamond hands, I'd be impressed. No position, but crazy to watch it the past couple of days. Not that I'm one to talk. Bleeding to death on SQ the past couple of days.
GME short squeeze is still on the table right?
Smart smart man!!!
Just a warning. Senate is likely going to pass today's newly edited to repeal section 230 stimulus package. Market goes up. It's gonna be dead on arrival at the house. It's gonna go down.
Same as JD 🚀
You appear to be retarded, and for those reasons I’m out.
[deleted]
This is not the forum you are looking for.
Anyone have a bear case against a GILD yolo? Way undervalued at the moment for absolutely no reason.
WRONG your out of the loop, palantir foundry is now fully modular with deployment within hours. In addition to Apollo they are pretty Saas like. Not only that they'll keep improving.

Also "Maybe to undergrad CS students who are failing interviews at Palantir so they hype up something they don't understand." <<< this is uncalled for. You sound like an high school kid now.
The ism’ is strong with this one
#BIDU🚀🚀🚀

Anyone else riding this rocket 🚀 with me?? [I posted it this morning for you guys before the 202 break!](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kn09ji/daily_discussion_thread_for_december_30_2020/ghi3g0m/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf&context=3)

$220 by EOD🚀
A bad one, cause TSLA is so chaotic it can sell-off any time basically.
brb let me get my crystal ball so I know which play in advance is the right one
No.
Wait.. are all you retards really buying BABA thinking it has 500B USD in revenue?
Lmao I really bought them for the lulz tbh
The thing that people don't realize is that Tesla's market cap is so large and it's on the snp500 now which means that it's going to be a lot more stable than lower market cap stocks. The only real reason to sell would be if there were some really bad news about the company.
You clearly don't know how to use covered calls to lower your cost basis.
Did you low-key burn him
Patience with the sq
Take me to Valhalla $V 💸💸💸
[deleted]
The gold train here is unreal.
that remind me, my gf used to suck me then she wanna kiss.
700c 12/31 WILL PRINT
You have those ST, Twitter, and podcast plugs?
Buy Apple!
WHAT IS PSTH
Good deal. Thank you
JD
I fill out the order to dump Nio, I click review order, the shit goes up another point, I click cancel.   Me all week.
Next trading day
got my whole account on 700c 1/15 ... :) lets Yolo this bitch
Hop on to social capital champu series - merger coming on Jan 7...got ipoe cheapest one of the lot
LOL playboy is dead. hit me up when the Pornhub spac comes out
Thats a big no from me on buying today Chief
Volume on GME low AF , no more GME gangs lol
HOW DO YOU KNOW ITS NOT REVERSE PSYCHOLOGY?
EOD.
Market is trash
Long on UAL if you like free money... or buy upcoming ATH in 2021 and sell dip with me
[deleted]
[removed]
Beets
Up $550 already 📈
PSTH theme song:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MPDp6C_ERYA
Retard strength should not  be under estimated
Strike at deez nutz
But then we'll shut that bitch down and escape to tendie town.

That's how that movie ended right?
Come on NIO, come up a bit more
Voice inside myyyyhead
Boring day for me 😪
Thanks I think so too. Tesla $700c for this Friday!
[deleted]
Above 40 and I will agree in 1H21. Above 60 and I will agree in 2H21
So you are saying their portfolio might actually be green?
What retard is handing out autistic gold?
I’ve been in since October, patiently waiting for the train to tendie town
that timeline where TSLA keeps SPY and QQQ green
any DD on this piece of shit you bought?
[removed]
BABABABABABABABA🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Link plz
My old man is picking up his new TSLA today. And here I am using my last $500 in my acct on OTM TSLA FD’s
I’m dead
I have never used Wish, and in trying to understand what it is... it looks like a platform to just buy cheap knockoff crap?
GOEV got fucked. Market is a scary place
[deleted]
I manage a large auto repossession business....and business is a boomin!
Oh believe me, you’re not.
She’ll end up hating you because all you talk about is stonks and tesla calls so she’ll end up being rebellious getting a butterfly tattoo and running away with a chad that’ll end up knocking 3 grandkids in her.
You r smort liek elen mosk
Vaccines dont exist for autism
This year has been spectacular.

Someone mentioned just breaking even if you were already invested in March. Yeah. If you just sat on it. I leveraged my full portfolio for the first time ever in March and made a fucking killing. From 600k to almost 2 mil in one fucking year. I’m fucking terrified of my taxes. 

Aside from the obvious corona crash recovery tech is fucking soaring. Retail traders are flooding the market and pumping every piece of shit that gets a blurb on CNBC. I’m making as much money selling CCs in my long holds as I used to make on a good option purchase thanks to wsb. My spac account doubles every 2 months or so. It’s getting harder and harder to convince myself that everything in touch won’t automatically turn to gold
nah
But, you took the time to comment on this retards post. Let's see your broke ass post a trade.
JD gonna break 100 per share within a month
Cheesy Cheddar burger. It's a secret tho don't tell anyone else okay?
Tim if u here me please let apple close 137
Hadouuken
Spy 1/4C 375
PLUG, Lithium, ICLN, ACES, BABA. All green 4 me.
why can't ever day be like this? Everything is green, even though it's only small green(less than 5%)
Ah yeh, they had a segment on Ackmans year earlier. That could explain it.
PRO G found its bottom
I've lost 15% of my account this past week. I was promised a Santa rally.
what do you expect, dude doesnt believe in tech and is buying railroads and shit
[deleted]
DON’T WASTE YOUR TIME ON ME YOU’RE ALREADY THE
It was $6 pre covid so technically ALL you chimp retards bought at the top 🤡
Just wait like 4 months for insane gains bro. Easy 20%
Is GAN a good long term play? The articles I’ve read on it seem promising
[removed]
This is the most pumped stock that has no facts behind it besides it's BA's spac. Lots of hope and dreams for nothing so far. They haven't even announced a target company for merger.

There is no doubt in my mind that BA isn't paying his friends to come here and pump this just to hype up BA.
EXPERIENCE THE EXPERIENCE
Perhaps a lunch time dip 🥲
Zoom the fuck out! It's probably gonna bounce between 19-22 while it refuels for the next leg up.
It's been 2 days, and speculative pharmas always lead the way in any market sell off.  So... I've bought puts / vxx calls on the rest of the market for now.  Next 2-3 weeks looking shaky.

If you have leaps, just hold.  The rest of the market will follow ARKG over the next week but your holdings shouldn't go down much more.
What are the chances SPY closes strong?
Always always all in Apple
#TESLA 700 EOY
playing weeklies only make you more broke
1/6 23c and 1/13 22c...  one or both will print biggly.
It’s gonna be alright don’t worry, I’m not joking
Here for the gold and autism!
Yes it is baby
Wait until a month before next earnings, then buy.
another vtuber with stupid circle light setup and OMG SHOCKED expression. 

pass.
Not the musk!
Pure green on my end
[deleted]
That's why I get my stock tips from Turd Ferguson
the easiest 2x play is right under y'all noses lol. MCAC literally merging with Playboy. Crazy meme potential
Shhh. It’ll be alright
I'm still waiting for that pump so I can dump.
I didn't say other banks are doing that specific shady shit, but after working with various banks I have gotten know personally about some shady shit banks do. It is not a "clean" industry.
Apples like yeah let’s go 🍏 and then they go noooo let’s go 🍎
Tattoo Chef
The squeeze!
[deleted]
I will hang on to this weekly if it hits 690 today...
I'm going to fuck this man's wife.
If FCX can pop out of nowhere then why not MT? Buy 0DTE 25
Lmao for real, it’s already recovering
Yeah
[removed]
How do you spell beast? N I O
Someone bought another million earlier today.
Yeah today is great after the last two days.
[removed]
based
Not up enough for me. The bitch was 106 2 days ago. I bought leaps too but damn the crash was brutal
Alright you morons, I gotta ask...

Why...

Why 1012.9592384729387492845234561234363 shares?

It's 94.1%, its obviously not EVERYTHING...

Why not just 1,000 shares??
[removed]
GO GO GO PSTH
Can someone part of GME gang hold me and tell me it’s all gonna be alright?
that’ll last you one night if that
buy a loan to have 215$.
FUCK YESSSSS
Nio
That’s what is left of my student loans bbbbrrrrruuuhh
GYNA stocks mooning, praise GYNA
Bisnass school is US equivalent to traditionalchinesemedicine
Will believe it when I see it.
 [https://twitter.com/DeItaone/status/1344329762307715072?s=20](https://twitter.com/DeItaone/status/1344329762307715072?s=20)

> \*ASTRAZENECA VACCINE U.S. CLEARANCE COULD COME IN APRIL: SLAOUI   
>  
> \*J&J VACCINE CLEARANCE COULD COME IN EARLY FEBRUARY: SLAOUI
[deleted]
[deleted]
Ban
lol wasnt wsb pumping DBX for a bit there. almost forgot about that pos
Bag holding 9/6 160 calls down 95% that I bought at the beginning of December 🤡
Replace girlfriend with mom and I believe this is a true story
JD
Today and tomorrow is going to be crazy, I would recommend start buying now and keep buying tomorrow, could easily have tomorrow be a massive day!
LOL calm down; it's 500 CNY which is 76 USD
[deleted]
Not when it’s gonna pump to $150
BABA gang
Tesla waiting for QQQ how nice
Scraped 2500 profit off the AAPL jump from -0.6% to 0.
Buying up 01/08/2020 20p on SPCE . Chamath dumped 3.9 million shares, test flight failed, does nothing. The only reason the price is up right now is because a shitload of options contracts expire tomorrow
Did you ever know you are my niiiiiioooooo
Up on FEYE and PLTR
[removed]
this market is like a headless zombie with this kind of volume
Actually, his name is Jang. And he does speak English.
What would it take to get VXX back up to $20 or so?

Crazy to think it was at $26.50 on Halloween
What exp?
Y’all didn’t listen told y’all to get puts at the top to hedge 🤡
The difference here is the guys leading the charge know what they’re doing. That guy that went from $35k to $1.75 million not being completely retarded is in on GME, and this guy knows what he’s talking about too.

This isn’t a pump and dump
> sell low (JETS)

> buy high (TSLA) 

You truly belong here.
Man- losing your own money is one thing - but who the fuck takes out a loan, walks into a casino saying "Don't worry I have a system", then loses it all on red.   


Damn, the amount of posts talking about people buying huge amounts on margin makes me think this shit really is a late-stage jenga tower lol . . . You create a ton of artificial value by putting money you don't have and really don't have ability to pay off, then throw it all at the wall. . .   


Yeah I'm going cash gang soon lol
SHOP is riding me raw. It hurts so bad that I am bleeding and my portfolio became red. Someone tell me some good calls cause I might soon go broke.
Tomorrow the market closes early you fuck.
Shoot up. All those stocks in top 10 are very very bullish. Just volatile cause bios got hit hard (and ARCT)
Theta gang
What? Today is awesome lol
It’s been two days relax. If you do have leaps you’ve like 5 months till you should panjc
Theta gang
I was going to try and buy more shares today but slept in lol damn...
Market manipulation lol
I had wendys for the first time in a few years - shit is delicious and your suggestion is not a bad move lol
[deleted]
JD a better buy
$1 wide Debit spreads 1 dollar above mkt.  One month out.  Double your money
Was on tv I think
Someone's a retard.
Wait, that POS IPO’d? 🤣 oh 💩 I’ve gotta go look at this chart......wrong wish, I’m disappointed.
WSBers be like why are you playing weeklies you retard and I be like I’m broke
rotation from BIDU to BABA pleas
I'm just here to say, 300 Tendies was a great movie.
👉💎👈
TSLA gaping bear buttholes today
where do you find the TD chat room?  curious, for research purposes
Elon will make TSLA 700+ EOY
Jack Ma is 👑
I was wondering the same also but then I remembered that they said they had like a 28%  app download increase over the Christmas holiday so a good bit more subscribers
[removed]
A whopping $3700.
I have been accumulating April calls to play the next earnings as I believe Q4 would be the best quarter in their history (holiday shopping, vaccine shipments, etc). However, getting absolutely fucked so far, especially by FDX.
Are you kidding me you dumb fuck?
Sorry. I pinned my long term bet to the cannabis index fund YOLO. I figure when the Senate finally gets off the butts and votes on it the prices will rise again.
Whose making money? Everything is bleeding
These BRKB fractional shares don't move at all. What are you doing, Warren?! Get to work old man
Hope you guys bought the FCEP dip
Oh yeah, all my retard friends i got into stocks always say "hayy bro, you should buy this stock, this random Joe Nobody Youtuber said it was a good buy" fucking idiots.. In fact, i would pay someone to create an app that prevents my eyes from seeing these videos show up on YouTube. Especially Stephan Graham. "hey guys, you too can become a real estate tycoon like me and retire at 22! all you need is a small loan of 14M dollars and buy an apartment complex to create passive income!"
Job
any news?
$ROPE calls
I owe you a beer. Got in off your post. Up nicely so far thanks for the solid dd.
It’s got the lower highs thing going on
Almost every stock that was red yesterday from the 29th is now somewhat up except your garbage stock for a reason. PLTR, most good spacs
One $50 hooker and $164 of cocaine.
Fucking bears getting bread crumbs from China 🇨🇳
Who is buying calls on Visa? What news is going to come out that will move it enough to make calls worth it?
29 jan 21 VXX calls do look juicy
https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.reddit.com/r/RobinHoodPennyStocks/comments/kjmiyg/ark_is_looking_into_bngo_right_now/
GO BABA GO!
Autist friend who sold his nintendo color to gamestop opinion. Solid dd. All in gme
try tasty works
Burry in a brambles
Just checked Stocktwits. Pornhub confirmed.
GME why 😢
Buy high sell low is the way
Moment of silence for WISH bag holders
At least it adds to the amount I can withdraw penalty free from my Roth IRA before 59!
I hold visa and I can tell you it's a real piece of shit. Today ain't even close to what that bitch owes me.
what’s your 9-5?
I give it five months to keep this up the stock will stick between 18 and 25. As long stay at home keep gaming once the first vaccine round is up it will be a jojo.
How long will this flat and down trend continue for ARKG? Will we dip again by another 10% next? Or will we be flat for a while? Or will we shoot up again soon? 

I was told ARKG leaps was the way. and that it is free money. But it is not going up. Someone get Cathie on the phone. We need to know when it will go up again. GUH
>which is something any data guy can setup

Are you one of those lay people I've met on the street that have told me "So your job must be easy!  It's just working on computers!"

>I fail to see what is revolutionary or special about their product

All you need to know is it's at least this many 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀s.
JD
NIO
Y’all remember the Gulf of Mexico?? Puts
E X P C is going to rocket.
Good luck! 

RemindMe! 2 months
Nice try vegan, the post doesnt have a tendie emoji. Not buying.
Nah, What happened to 2k...
Pleas
EXPC 👀
You aren't wrong even BABA trading 325 was a sound investment
gme calls
I just remember losing so much, hoping it would reverse course...and never did.

I dunno, man; RAD is in my basket of "never wanna trade ever again" tickets. Hope you get my revenge back, brother autist
[deleted]
Smart money
“Benzinga Newsdesk”
Eat my dongus you fuckin nerd.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Especially because he went out of the thread, to the sticky, copied text, back to the thread, found the comment, and pasted
I got some spacey bois expiring worthless tomorrow
Yeh wtf! lol
Take it out and ear Wendy’s for the next month
bought 200 more shares of GME on my retarded HSA account because why not I'm perfectly healthy and fine
NIO!!!!!
Lol I jumped in around 10 and sold around 15. Had a weird feeling it was being manipulated. I will buy more when/if it goes back down
#PSA

Remember Uptick Rule is in effect for GME. 

If you’re buying shares, buy with the ASK price and not the bidding price. 

Thank you.
BBBY
You’re saying wsb isn’t big enough to be taken seriously, I’m saying owning 5% of our target is significant
Can't tell.  I ate most of them.  We could push to 48 and rebound down to 45 ish again.  Or just push straight through and startt the next leg up.
No. I have see people get fucked by options missing their window because they decided to go to a national park mountain top for a few hours
Infinite Gamma squeeze
You spelled weeklies wrong.
someone's a hater
I sold my house, made 100k on it, turned that 100K into 340K, pulled out what i owe on Taxes on the gains and went in on this play.
Deposit more money.
Any one in here get that sweet sweet cheddar from the Trumpster yet?
You're the biggest retard in these replies. You can't buy at ATH if you're buying a dip and an FD call for RAD bought on Monday will go to 0, not break even for a clean cash out
In your opinion would buying the dip rn be a decent move?
hey, i said that last week! i call him 'lego head'
The shelter
Hairline? Short. Height? Short. Penis? Short. Bank account in 3 months? You guessed it. Short. I see a pattern here.
Options
PSTH!
That increment 💩 makes no sense
Ok thanks. But of a different situation from blockbuster to me... internet speeds increasing rapidly, gaming becoming subscription/downloading games... but, GameStop is the place to go for all the accessories and consoles and so much cool stuff for “gamers” more than blockbuster was . I think GameStop is more to gamers than blockbuster was to movie enthusiasts
Maybe to undergrad CS students who are failing interviews at Palantir so they hype up something they don't understand.

Palantir at its core is a machine learning consultancy company. It goes into grandma companies and clean up their data and spit out models. This is nothing revolutionary that Amazon, Apple, Google can't do. 

Their software needs to be customized for each company, it is not scalable. This company has no easy way to grow no matter how you look at it. For it to scale 2x in size, it not only need to be able to find 2x contracts, but it also needs 2x the engineers to fulfill those contracts. It is not like Adobe where the software only need to be updated once and distributed N times. 

1 billion dollar revenue in 2020 with already a market cap of 50 billion. This company has no way to scale.
they would probably piss off Sony, MS, Nintendo, etc
It’s going to see sub $20 when lock is removed

Still holding it as I’m long term bullish
I found out how to get all the Reddit promoted r/politics threads away from my timeline. Just gotta follow a bunch of random ass subs. I’ve been opening the app and typing in wsb this whole time
You’re trading the wrong options.
My body is ready
Off the ride? Sounds good you’re not invited anyways
good job
I have 214$ in my Robinhood account, what’s my next move?
Bc Ackman has said many times he’d find a target in 6 months
Sir, this is a casino
[deleted]
Congratulations to all the Visa call holders!
[deleted]
Did you price CCP in?
It did  destroy a lot of small businesses
https://twitter.com/MacroCharts/status/1341715177507590146?s=20

Seems to be a fact
Buy CRZ instead.  SMALLER CAP deals in online betting,  keeps expanding and has done much better in the last 3 months.
They are going to squeeze this thing all over again. My god
Campbell's Chunky it is
***You got Greedy Martin***
Take the energy it took to write this post and buy NIO calls
[deleted]
Maybe if you old and/or unhealthy. That's how it's always been tho. GG.
>Curious action

Sure is.
I did exactly that today. Jus tthink about how you'll feel losing it all and having to pay it back with interest.
what's the next stock to fund coke and strippers?
I ain’t a bear but I bet SPY ends the day red or almost red
NVTA calls
Trust China
I graduated with a BA in engineering, and now I’m a building inspector
It’ll stay under 700 but now it won’t
I love the fact that he is most definitely reading this.
You've not known pain unless you have had **FDX** and **UPS** calls in the last 3 weeks.
seems like they have been a pump to 3 slow bleed to 1% lately
Actually tho Baba is Amazon of Chinese stocks and I bet that shit is $350 next year
[deleted]
[deleted]
When a stock has 3 generations (boom. x. mill) of sideline money.
Reverse splits be crazy
Dip in 21
Lmao, PSTH pumping
Wdym i’m in for 420420 shares
ARKG is the 🐐
ACUIF please tell me the pain will be worth it in a year
How long can BIDU go. Anybody ever find any news?
Putting money into Jets leaps is the dumbest thing I have done in my 2 month trading career. Pondering just cutting my losses and dumping that money into tesla shares
Same dog... same
Whenever the woman brings up a story about a domestic violence incident, I shrug and go "maybe he had to tell her twice". She haaaates it.
PSTH mooning on no volume. What's new
Goev right back down. What a surprise
This gme isn't pumping wtf !!!

Not happy
Cuz they get paid to. We are freeeeeeeeeeeee
its called pussy yolos
Nio day will be a double your money moment so STFU
Hold up
guh ARKG just go up man! Go back to 105 where you belong
Its considered the less online bet site compared to PENN/Barstool
[deleted]
Added a little to my position. I consider it a buy in to the community at this point. Im just so desperate to feel included 😂😂🙍🏻‍♂️
"Are you sure I should buy TSLA now?"

"Look at him. Look. That's my quant. HIS NAME'S YANG. Yes you should buy TESLA"
I have been for months asshole
You do know what shares outstanding means...right?
Bro these TSLA calls IV crashing or something 😡
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/JJ840 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Nah, who am I kidding. I’m probably losing all my tendies next week
Always wondered who'd hang out there. Guess I'm not missing much
BIDU mooning to levels not seen since October 1, 2018 🇨🇳🐂📈🚀🚀🚀🌙
Yeah you’re right! Thanks
NIO starting to look like a parabolic curve
its tsla , no logic
I was triggered too but I'll use the experience to get my retribution
Y'all bout to end this mans whole career.
It is the god of wall street!
Constantly asking myself why I chose to lose money on WMT a second time.
[removed]
[deleted]
Is it worth it to take cash advances on credit cards to buy options? I’m justifying it as hitting my Roth IRA limit for the year
spce is definitely headed back to 19 over the next few weeks, unless it isn't
*quarter
It’s not a half day, expert.
same with UVXY
"rumored" lol source?
bill motherfucking spacman take me to tendie town
If by fantasy political affiliations you mean hogwarts house then yes
Hold for moon
It just keeps going up lmao
damn, just saw
Is the senate vote happening at 3?
I'm a bot. All Gain/Loss/YOLO posts should include screenshots of positions. These posts are either small potatoes, spam, or big moves which don't show position details. Users are not banned and can repost with better screenshots.

User|Post Title
:--|:--
/u/WSBrookie|[This has been no fun for me](https://i.redd.it/gwxsdjj7xb861.jpg)
/u/SnooPandas270|[Woke up to this giant Hulk’s Kock ! Daddy Mnuchin don’t lie ... Finally got some extra money for GME calls !! It’s basically risk free right ? Right ?](https://i.redd.it/2dec45or3c861.jpg)
/u/DIYspecialops|[It’s been a hell of a month! Confirmation bias me, I’ll make it all back in the next two days though right?](https://i.redd.it/k73575fbac861.jpg)
/u/Wynslo|[Breaking even was the hardest part](https://i.redd.it/7oqqlic5cc861.png)
/u/RoosterTooth|[It's not much, but I'm doing my part for the GME Gang!!!! 💎👐 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀](https://i.redd.it/wre0biklcc861.png)
/u/Zkini1|[Never put all your money in a meme stock. Good luck palantards](https://i.redd.it/4ve797xlqc861.jpg)
/u/Zkini1|[Never put all your money in a meme stock. Positions: pltr calls](https://i.redd.it/rp5vkgpyqc861.jpg)
/u/thelidpatrick|[GME is hitting though right guys?](https://i.redd.it/d36a6p14sc861.jpg)
/u/thelidpatrick|[10 GME $21C 31DEC, but GME is hitting though right?](https://i.redd.it/sto1gxgmsc861.jpg)
/u/covidbovid|[Apparently the market is trying to tell me something.](https://i.redd.it/a18flhjstc861.png)
[removed]
If Wallstreetbets ever forms it’s own country, u/deepfuckingvalue and u/Uberkikz11 will be our President and Vice President.
Logi p/e is  **24.69** 

Corsair p/e is  **49.60** 

&#x200B;

What makes you think logi is trading higher? the absolute stock price?
Curious action on PSTH for sure. Almost at avg daily volume already also
Why would it not? Get off the fucking ride if you have to ask these questions
Account: WASTED
Big if true 😳
Do you actually not know why that happens?
Is it or is it just the world is insane?
BABA revenue $77bn market cap $650bn. $23bn earnings. 

  
AMZN revenue  $280bn market cap $1,663bn.  $15bn earnings.
  
Easiest buy of the decade.
psth moon
[deleted]
I owe Elon a handjobber
Tsla 700c 12/31
PSTH just woke up
I’m a bigger fan of the hydrogen revolution as an energy storage option vs. battery technology.

Hopefully hydrogen infrastructure can be retrofitted onto existing gas distribution networks. Can use excess solar / renewable to create hydrogen, as energy grids need to balance load vs. demand.

Electric to me is a 50-100 year bet (in reality), when we finally move beyond lithium cells and hopefully into carbon nanotubes storage. 

Carbon nanotubes were hyped over 10 years ago over having huge energy density, ridiculous charge / discharge rate and cheap base material (carbon!). No movement since then however.

Once battery storage is 10x denser than what it is now, there will be no alternative past electric. 

My issue with BP however is that I don’t think they have the funds or expertise to make the switch, and they’re already a huge company. For gains, should be looking to disruptive startups to get absorbed by existing energy players.

BP is 40B in debt (roughly same as annual revenue) and doesn’t make a profit (0.5B loss). I’d wait until they actually have a working idea before getting in, as any hydrogen gains won’t make up for their asset losses and layoffs from the petroleum sector.
GUH mouse taking a fat shit on my account
This year was crazy, and that panic is something for the history books. But while economists were predicting another Great Depression, I was opening a margin account and buying calls. I made money, they didn't.
We're going to capitalize on Hot Topic's new jean bag cycle and have a strategy to convert to modern vamp culture. You just don't get it.
Gold pls retards
[deleted]
Earnings
12/31.   But I don’t know if contracts that expire will apply to 2020 since they technically don’t expire until Saturday I think?
Pinky promise?
I didn't even try hard though, there aren't even emoji or exclamation marks or bold all caps or anything. Y'all dumb
Am i fucked?    Will i have to ask my wifes boyfriend for lunch money? 

&#x200B;

[Tesla Calls](https://imgur.com/Qe1SrTc)
Wsb pumped psth wow
[deleted]
Go slit your wrist cunt.
[deleted]
I might as well have invested in Beanie Babies. Fuck.
Why is psth mooning
No clue about a “song”, my username is based on my wife hating me because of this sub....
Yeaaahhhh ugh. 3rd time I will probably be fucked by ford. I am holding through Summer and into fall but if they just slowly bleed imma be pissed. At least new Ford CEO isn't sitting on his dick.
What does 5th his mean?
source ??
PSTH 🚀
Meanwhile I get $600 for making better life choices 
Yay me lmao
cheers bro!
Anyone ever go to a TD chat room? Jesus, those guys are cringe AF and made me miss WSB.
how does tsla do it? How does it keep going up?
[deleted]
I have 1800$ what do I buy?
[deleted]
>Buying the dip on RAD

I stopped reading right there; triggered by the great RAD decline of 2019
I’m so fucking stupid sometimes it hurts
Yes we all believe so. Should be at $92 by EOY
GME will go back up
Only in canada, not in US. It's based on trade date, not settlement.
think people are trying to get in before 1/1/21 thinking the announcement could happen early in the quarter.
Lol fucking screenshotted
[removed]
It’s okay FB, you go up when you feel like it. My children are used to not eating.
Do you think if Republicans win it’ll go down or just remain the same? Just wondering what the risk is here as republicans are favored
🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
SPY this is admirable but give up, I have VIX calls that need saving
Af-max ETF
Yea but you can collect way more if you sell weeklies then your April call for 400. If it blows past 75 to maybe 100 by April and hold, you'll end up with limited gains. Still a win-win for you but missing out extra gains kinda suck.
Sue BAE lets gooo
is it me or did FUBO insiders not sell anything yet ? shits actually makin me kinda nervous ngl 

https://www.nasdaq.com/market-activity/stocks/fubo/insider-activity
They making sure all puts expire worthless. And theta gang wins. Especially with the half day tomorrow.
"THIS STOCK IS NOT SUPPORTED FOR TRADING"
How bad does your diahrrea smell? Mine lasted two weeks and was the nastiest shit I've ever created, every time.
[deleted]
Which cannabis company is best setup to succeed in Mexico when it is legalized in February?
Gotta sell on or before Dec 31.
[deleted]
I’m throwing my stimulus check into GME thanks man
**GME VS BBBY BATTLE OF THE SHORT SQUEEZE**

which one goes first?
its going to 900 brah
s'only 9 am here. I'm not drunj you're drunj
I think it didn’t word it to exclude them but there is a federal law that says under 17.. so I think they get excluded again.
is it finally time to get back into NKLA? It burned me in the 30s when I bought it at 38 sold at 32 for a massive loss.
Yesterday was the last day for tax loss selling. F
FALCON 9 ROCKET REFUELED 🚀
what!? yes, of course i need to keep checking every ten minutes on my leaps that expire next december
PLTR offers succor.
HOP BACK IN NOT TOO LATE
Ripping so hard. Cigarettes are red
[deleted]
just sell it when it goes up to 48. 

Youll make $500.
[removed]
Probably won't really see the hammer drop until the March expo
jnco's are forever homie
Anyone looking at CD/China Data? It's low volume but it's in a pretty solid uptrend and seeing weird volume spikes
This dude at work talkin about the new strand of covid and how bad it is and how the world is gonna send. Shutyoassup
I feel the same about Snowflake but it’s just massively overvalued.
This stock is the poster child for investing in "Africa" the way BABA was for China in the 2000s. It sounds like their trucks are everywhere in Africa. Personally, I think JMIA is one of the best stock picks for 2021.
Ban
If you can afford it it’s cheap, if you can’t it’s expensive.
[deleted]
Stop out buy in
BBY on sale just like the actual items at BBY. 75% sale off but somehow still more expensive than other stores.
maybe try eating pussy for once in your life
PSTH having biggest day in a while. Are you autists pumping it?

Or is Ackman finally getting ready to announce who the fkn merger is with.
If you can't afford it, it's expensive
🚀🚀🚀
Who is he speaking to and when?
Sold my TSLA 700 calls yesterday for an L. If it hits 700 this week Ima lose it
Source?
https://youtu.be/TRCQmNMOqUY

Trading vibe for today

Make Miami Vice great again
That was the dd. Wtf
#FUCK BABA BEARS
GUYS! Big big stock bingo genome going monkey nuts 100% today and ark is getting in soon rumored
[removed]
Not priced in. That first run up was the discovery of Nio. This is landing on the island
I think I was at 24. Was in Med school, no income.
Tesla way too high way too early in the day. If you wanna buy in wait for a dip. Tesla iv loves to rob people
Whats the tax deadline for selling your option contract losses for this year?
[deleted]
Pete Najareen lookn like he's calling him from DIS ney's new Pirates of the Caribbean NFL ride
but did i deserve to earn it to lose it in the first place?
Just looked mine are in as well, clear on the 4th.
if you're over the age cutoff and don't pay taxes, no check
This market is insane
Hey, you know what today hasn't been as bad as I thought it would be 😊
it's kinda dropppppping tho
Ok, thank you!
If it’s your Roth, just buy VOO and don’t touch it. Don’t be an idiot. Actually, buy VGT.
Bump. Bid u too
Refuses to titwank?
you sold your house and all in bought calls at ath? you belong here
Calm down, Dad Chickens
Should look at GM
Give her that D, like she didn't study
Do it now tesla
If you're not in PLTR, how are you planning to tell your wife's boyfriend you lost all his money?
[deleted]
What’s the dd on this
Read what you wrote just now, slowly.
Done 🙌🚀
[deleted]
JCPNQ about to skyrocket
Good entrypoint for VSPR if you are playing spacs.
[deleted]
This is the way
killing badgers
When’s the last time you went to game stop?
I want to take RIOT out for a nice dinner and say thank you, I appreciate all your hard work.
yes
[deleted]
No hop on now
Hope I nailed the NVDA reversal today. It's been dead for a while
Welp. Here we go..
[deleted]
MT just became more flaccid than me looking at boobies 🏳️‍🌈
Chinese stonks! BILI BIDU PDD JD BABA NIO and many more 🥳
Workhorse calls
I'm pretty sure the account is a joke account like Dr. PP but yall are legally retarded so 🤷🏽‍♂️
Too.many.words.not.enough.rockets.
Lol it's up 2.3% today.  Did you buy puts?
I count seventeen, seventeen 🚀. Ah ah ah!
[deleted]
I kinda sat on the sidelines and just played very light this week and fast. I can't believe you guys chasing everyday especially where were at right now. Its just better to wait till next year and hopefully market has a direction or some momentum. This is just hope, uncertainty and retarted inexplicable buying/selling on top of dumping and MM its just not worth fucking around with.
Yeah I started poking things and I found out how, thanks
democracy stonks
FUCK I HATE RHIS GAME ughh it doesn’t help that it’s the only thing the makes me feel alive
Steel. Same steel as before. Long term only
Not yolo
I've got a handful of shares going long term capital gains on Feb 20th. I just need the rally to hang on for a few days!
Suggestions?
Finna use this opportunity to sell more calls to retards.
Look at your tax return

If your answer is "what is a tax return" or "idk I'll have to ask my dad he does my taxes" then you are probably a dependent
Got out at 6.90
prbly something based on anime bullshit
Would you say you're getting creamed
I really got into ford leaps at the wrong time
Make sure you report it, depending on your state you owe roughly $3-5k in taxes on that
BIDU even more so 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀.
5 year high today bro, could do
Moonjob!!
[deleted]
Tomorrow will be tough. But January is where tendies are located
More people to loan out my shares to, going to the moon and getting interest in the meantime.
[removed]
$BABA $240 EOD?
Or a bot's
Did your parents mark you as a dependant on their taxes last year? It all depends on that
🤦🏻
Are you selling pre or post earnings
Fair play I just prefer some more risk in my life to get the juices flowing but to each his own
Woah, share yolo'ing badass. What are you going to do with that sweet .953765 fractional?
Tomorrow on the dip tbh
Fuck the cowboys

Sincerely,
An Eagles fan.
It only shows 3 months by default.

Click on the 3 dots on the top right.
🛻🛻🛻 🚀🚀🚀
[deleted]
Ask your parents if they claimed you as a dependent
[deleted]
NIO saving my ass.
He cannot lend now that he’s an insider. And I agree that incumbent management/BOD will desire the highest price possible to protect against a prospective proxy, with limited what RC could cheaply accumulate a byproduct of that.
HOLD TIL EXPIRY
It's still down over 5 days and 1 month, not a terrible time to jump on.
fucking hell that screen is full
Lmao. Better check out what an ETF is
You are a dependent if your parents claim you on their tax returns as one. Whether or not they are correctly claiming you as a dependent is irrelevant, but “technically” they’re only supposed to claim you if they pay for 51% of your expenses. Call them and ask. If they did claim you, ask for your $600 from them.
[deleted]
$26c 1/15 loaded and throated here homeslice
Amd and dis go go go 🚀🚀🚀🚀
🚀 P 🚀 L 🚀 T 🚀 R 🚀
Hi mom 🙋‍♂️
That's a weird way of saying I'm broke
Is WMT done bleeding? Holding leaps
That's what I'm wondering.  If they're not wanting to risk a short squeeze can they just keep this position for a couple years even if it loses them money and wait until after the console cycle.
how you know if option is cheap or expensive
if we get news...
Godspeed bro
Wtf
[deleted]
cucked
I have a couple different tactics. My main one uses the Squeeze. I wait until a squeeze forms near the 8 or 21 EMA, measure how big of a move that ticker made last time it was in a similar pattern (and how long that move took) and then build my butterfly with the short strike around that move. Then, you can structure your profit targets either around a percentage (I personally like to sell when I hit somewhere between 60-75% profit) or use a "recycling profits" tactic. If you buy more than one fly and made back the amount of a single butterfly, you can sell all but one butterfly, that way you're completely flat on the trade and let that final butterfly just play out. If it goes to 0, you're down literally nothing, if it goes up it's 100% of that point.
You're drunk
Depends. Ask your parents if they claimed you for 2020 taxes.
Extra gambling money next week.
His real name is Ma Yun, we should all refer to him by the name on his passport.
Watching CNBC rn this guy talking about returns from holiday shopping. 
All I can think about is my UPS 4/21 calls raining April showers of cash all over me.
We won’t
Cmon baba, you got this!
Is DKNG just getting slammed by bears for no reason?
You had to try too hard to make that case and sell it , use bullet points next time and for that reason im out.
BABA is finally #1 stock mention on wsbsynth it’s our time to fly LFGGGGG ✈️
Yeah, but then look at their market cap and the size of their niche. It’s not a bad business but I’m not sure it’s going anywhere in a hurry.
get a job
He went to Reddit ya’ll, he is a hacker now.
I’ll have to check it out thanks for letting me know
Investing in GME is like investing in emo and goth culture during the 2000s.
Unless you’re selling this EOD this is dumb AF. We’re on a 4 day week dummy.
bet
Holy fuck.
but not fucking moving
Someone explain SNOW. Bigger lockup expo tomorrow, should be quaking in its boots. What’s happening
[deleted]
I guess we mooning now
I got out at open yw
A character that drives around Mars with a cybertruck and a flamethrower
Hedge funds and institutions play by a different set of rules.

Do you really think a prime is going to hold Melvin's feet to the fire like they would a retard like you/us?
A true autist
Hiv balls squeeze cuming soon!
Bid u has the momentum
Have them go back in time 10 years and start up an ECommerce operation. I am a gamer and haven't been to a Gamestop in 15 years. This company is garbage - probably has some intrinsic value on the way down that you guys are benefiting from in the short run. But seems too late to turn this ship around.
loaded to the tits on AI
Love aphria. Bought in a 3 a few years back, sold when it was 14, bought back in around 6 and enjoying this lovely ride
I’m so wet rn
apple over there playing with it's magnets
You can for health insurance purposes if you’re in college... not sure about for stimmy
# 💎🎮💎
IMO we get a rotation into stay-at-home the next 2-3 days then next week no bueno. 1/13 Vix Calls at $25 and $30, right now loaded on pton and chwy calls
I am pleasantly surprised how well GME gang is doing today 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
never
Mindy’s Edibles are the nation’s leading edible brand and there absolutely is brand loyalty to that there homie
[deleted]
Duh. Didn’t u hear the "how to recognize pump and dump" post?
Why the fuck is ICLN just flat for the last 2 hours

What a shit ETF
I guess they're getting desperate. They have a few ones that show at random, of of which was like "hey don't just keep scrolling", talk about guilt tripping. But I guess it's the same way in TV ads like that Sarah mclachlan's CPSA ad.
Puts on your fingers.
It's decent for buying and holding stocks and if you don't care about margin, Asian or Australian markets, options, and so on...
Yeah once it dips I'll just in. Now question it reaches 35 within the week or at least early next week.
Look at that 10D-15m chart, and tell me it ain't finna moon
Red shell
So if I'm a student living on a college campus to I get a stimulus check? Am I still a dependant?
Pltr is gonna be a good play for jan... im so torn between gme play vs pltr play
Look the wheel. What happens is that you cap your gains. You don't take losses to that level.
#[🇨🇳🧧❤️🐂📈🚀🚀🚀](https://youtu.be/UctriMuXYS0)
Found the bagholder who bought RAD at ATH....

youre gonna cash out when you break even lol
Because metal is heavy
Extra unemployment next week?
[removed]
BRO SAME I BOUGHT THESE LIKE 45MIN AGO. IF IT CRUSHES 695 I’LL CUMMM
Buying options without reviewing the volume / open interest is a real dumb mistake to make.

Open Interest = 24, Volume = 1.

Even if GME moons to $200/share, you’ll struggle to sell-to-close this option.

Look at the bid/ask?! .49/.95 lmao
I don’t care it will dump
Why do so many people here just look at stock price vs market cap?  Do you really not know what dilution is?
what if we start 2021 with a sell-off
i don't think so :/
Still debating unloading either my CRM or SKLZ and jumping into ARKG LEAPS
Was gonna jump on the AMD train but that shit is mooning right now. Guh
Yup, it's just fucking sneaked up day by day for like 6 weeks now.
Not a joke and also not a fact
Which WSB is buying these 1100 TSLA 1/22 Calls?
I don’t even know what I’m doing and I’ve made over 30k this year no complaints here
I'm doing all. I even bought 150 puts for tomorrow earlier. Gonna fuck this bitch both ways. 

I'm also exercising a couple calls next month to get some tasty div.
Yes you can and probably will lose when you have this mentality. Amateur investors look at a chart like CCL and say “it was $50 a year ago! I’m getting such a good price on it!”. The truth is that CCL is not worth $50 anymore. Assuming that it will just bounce back to its price from a year ago is a bad attitude for investing, people that are a lot smarter than you know this. I’m not saying I’m one of them, I’m a dumb investor, but recognizing that smarter people than you are selling you the stock you are buying is the first step to making smarter trades.
yep, if it dips again
They bought Sweetwater
NIO and JD mooning 🚀
🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀 let’s go!
y'know...i would agree. anecdotally, i've had only good experiences with bby. bought all new appliances there last year. they were the cheapest and the purchase experience was top notch. also, was in there this week and store was packed. looking forward to your dd, inlovewithmydick. cheers
Calm down, Chad Dickens.
No, some people like to realize gain/loss on high volatility stocks before the end of the year, and yesterday was the last day to do it.
semiconductors stimulate my conductor 😎
GME nearly died, GME is risen, GME will moon again.
Baiduuuu wo ai niiiiiii  <333
College students can get claimed
$PDD
$AAPL
$AMZN
$TSLA
$OSTK
$NOVS
CHWY
That’s awesome
Mite as well go yolo on levi too
China all up... BILI, PDD (again), BIDU .....meanwhile my shit is still shit....

Damn you SQ
Ffs FLak we want 200% gains in a tri-weekly not waiting 7 months for $1,000 cmon, man!
HAHAHA shorts been saying this since tesla was at 200 pre split . they never learn.
The degeneracy in the comment section is sickening
[deleted]
I didn’t mean to be rude I just meant I went Yolo right before they announced the S&P inclusion. Blessed😇
Do it for 55 or you’re soft
AAAAAHHHHHH AAPL YOU DUMB BITCH GOOOOO
BIDU, BILI, PDD FTW
Will Tesla go down at all? Want to jump on the train
i see green i see profit
VXX does look nice at the moment.
If Elon made a video game what do you think it will be
Looks like I can start cleaning again, ICLN.
I think 95%+ of us didn’t know until we started digging into it.
magnet stocks? I am only interested if they are at ATH so I can sell at dip
Wtf BIDU was $139 a month ago
They also plan on continuing to produce beer under their brand just expanding as well
GL TO U TOO 🐻
If you're a looking for cheap bullish yolo plays for early 2021 like a few weeks or months out (not a few days), this post is for you.

Buying the dip on RAD despite only being able to afford an FD seemed like a mediocrely good play because it seemed like there was no reason for them to drop so hard. It's crazy how they plunged below institutional price targets when all the news out for them lately is positive. Now I've figured out why it went so fuk out of nowhere. This dip and the other random huge dips lately (like the one I was kinda successful making money on last week) are caused by a combination of people taking profits for the year after buying large positions earlier, swing traders like me who sold my one share temporarily to use the extra liquidity for EOY volatility plays and then buy it back to keep riding any gains in store for 2021, and long-term shareholders who are tired of the stock's bullshit just giving up and cashing out on it to play other long term shit that's less stressful to hold. They're paper handing it because they've been getting fucked over by this stock for years and they see its turnaround this year as "thank fuck I finally have a chance to cut these losses at a price I can stomach" instead of "oh cool a turnaround I can totally trust to bring all my money back and more." I would feel the same as them if I bought as early as they probably did, but I got a lot less fucked than them cause I only tried to get in at the bottom, so I'm steel handing my shit. I'm not lying about my EOY sale being temporary, I sell and buy back shares regularly with all but one of my positions because I'm always light on liquidity and I like swing trading. I'm sure I'm also not wrong about other people doing the same thing being a driving force of this dip. A lot of other sellers must be planning to buy back just like me because this stock has only been attractive to bargain hunters for years so I'm not the only one invested in it who would need an EOY liquidity boost. I should have realized it before buying this FD.

The thing with RAD is it can always drop like a rock for no reason because something is deeply wrong with this company but they also like to randomly skyrocket sometimes because there is something deeply wrong with this company. This market might hate companies that are suspiciously fucked up, but at the same time there's nothing this market loves more than companies that are suspiciously fucked up, especially if they own extremely well-known trademarks like Rite Aid. I can feel the pain of those long-term shareholders dumping it, I have been burned by trying to call the bottom with this stock when they kept incredibly finding ways to dilute and devalue it more and more, but this turnaround does look like it will make my money back on my shares (almost there already) while my experience with knowing the stock's bullshit will let me make profit trading options on the volatility so it was worth it in the end.

I've also mentioned before how the holistic bullshit they're starting to get into is pretty much guaranteed to get them included in $BECKY sometime in the next year. If you're going to take anything away from this comment it should be that.

So yeah I still recommend going long on this RAD dip with calls for early 2021 if you're looking for cheap bullish yolos more than a few days out right now. If you're poor like me, don't be dumb like me, this ticker is not worth its weight in piss if you can only afford FDs, focus on tickers that aren't garbage for those. Or outplay me if you can, idc. But if you can afford a long-term enough play to weather the weekly bullshit, this company's institutional price targets right now range from $17 to $21, they could possibly survive an early 2021 crash while they start to get involved in covid vaccine rollout depending on how the crash goes, the crash might not even happen that early in 2021, and you should be hedged for the crash with gold calls or bank puts or something anyway before you've got spare money for cheap bullish early 2021 yolos in the first place with how things are going, if you're just expecting pure bull paradise that's on you.

Yes I am partly making this comment to pump my dead floppy fish of a RAD call and try to lose slightly less money on it but to be fair, I am not actually saying to buy the shitty FD's I'm sitting on and I already recommended avoiding these FD's in the first place on Monday when I first suggested buying this dip. I'm good at knowing what's gonna happen to stonks, I just make a lot of shitty plays because I'm too poor for the good ones and desperate to make money on my knowledge. I don't recommend my plays when they're shitty, but I sometimes recommend better versions of them that I can't afford to do myself, I guess trying to make money vicariously through others with more buying power than me. Might seem dumb but really kinda worth it anyway because I'm just using my dead account from back when I was in too much debt to control my gambling addiction, practicing with the tiny bit of money left in it before I reinvest to start my real second chance at a higher buying power than I've ever had before in the first place. This is about as unbiased of DD as you're gonna get, considering there are users in here who sit there selling covered calls on stocks at ATH and posting rocket emojis about how much higher they can go to get you idiots to fill their shitty sell orders.

**TL;DR** - RAD goes up in 2021 until the market crashes and maybe even after, but they do random short term bullshit every week, so buy calls for a few weeks to months out but avoid it if you can only afford FDs
Yeah but damn they really shit the bed today
[removed]
got in at 15 with 30 shares, then i got in at 30 32with 10k 😤
Bought in initially when it was still under the DEAC ticker as a SPAC. I really think it’s only good news coming up with sports + reopening + legislation
On the 2000 bill, it includes college students.
Jack ma is a lego figure come to life
This isn't surprising:  China clamps down in hidden hunt for coronavirus origins

[https://apnews.com/article/united-nations-coronavirus-pandemic-china-only-on-ap-bats-24fbadc58cee3a40bca2ddf7a14d2955](https://apnews.com/article/united-nations-coronavirus-pandemic-china-only-on-ap-bats-24fbadc58cee3a40bca2ddf7a14d2955)
Always!
Fucking me up
Ur such a fucking ho, I like it
They’ve become a hub for used games, could continue that model and buy/sell used PC parts. Just don’t fuck it up like they did with buying and selling games where they became a meme of lowballing everyone
Always have been.  🔫
This is the way. I have those calls at half the price, LFG!
It’ll be one of the best 2021 investment opportunities in my opinion!!
We can lose just as fast without day trading. Watch us.
Spy just teasing the rim
BABA: Buenos dias fuckboy
Wait for the crash after the Chinese civil war, and then buy up everything and anything.
Vibranium battery
Except from saying "to the Moon".. did you do any other thinking?

Didn't you mean to buy pshzf?
i'm getting a SPWR call of some kind.  they'll recover that big drop in no time. the options collapsed
So when did buying shares become a yolo?😂
Yikes...GL. I have puts for next week.
Yes, people keep buying their overpriced stuff
Why would it be heavy in the form of stocks
You can be a dependent at 24? Lol
Count me in for that threesome if we hit
All good, like a earnings run up before the earnings. I'll take that price action
Clearly you are trying to hard.

Try less hard and the money will jump in your account. 

Don't fight the trend and don't fight the fed.

Printers go Brrrrrrr.
Corsair car
You are right. Sell
I’m holding 12/31 plug 35cs.  This past couple of weeks it has gone from .01 to 2.50 to .08 and now it’s coming up again.  Phew
They’ll eventually crawl back but your overestimating the speed of population vaccination and overall sentiment regarding vacations and grouping in closed quarters. Not to mention vaccines don’t last forever and new variants are popping up. People have gotten Covid twice.
Not telling you
NIO to the moon!
What’s wrong to learn to fish with a snoopy pole bro!!?? You wanna fucking fight?
Can we get a pair of short shorts over here for my man.
What a MONUMENTALLY stupid week to play options. 

Retail on vacation and fat cats readjusting portfolios. 

I am upset at my lack of discipline. My lord.
PLTR is going to moon big over the next month
That’s literally tomorrow
one man's exit is another man's entry


so to speak
You think people took a loss on anything in ARKK?
hi its me, homeless
I haven't seen much talk about ABNB. Which I am happy about b/c fuck that noise being over 100
$PSTH->Chick-fil-a???
*Ba ba ba ba BABA Ann*

*Ba ba ba ba BABA Ann*

#🚀
Long PLTR... currently at just about 1000 shares. My initial entry was $15 but trimmed after big run up to play with house money. I'm interested in the potential Jan run up and Feb/Mar pullback to potentially repeat the in/out/in longs. This morning I was reading a bearish analyst article though and made me doubt my position. The main reason is lack of moat to competitors and political risk. I see palantir's political problems since they backed the wrong horse in 2020 but I'm struggling to find direct competitors in AI. Does C3AI, Splunk, Alphabet or others have similar services? I'm familiar with the math and theory around neural nets and machine learning but not at all with AIs abilities and limitations so I'm having difficulty understanding whether or not there is a big moat or not or who their competitors actually are. Insights?
I work there and I know why the stock is dropping it’s because nobody is coming in and hours are getting cut
I know my Calc 1 and 3. Calc 2 fucked me but yeah I checked the math. This formula is correct. However China is scary.
Consolidation
My co worker did, with his kids and everything he got $3000
Never late my friend. Thanks for your support to GME.
I don’t know if you follow it a lot, but I found most people here don’t talk about PSTH much, but there is an entire PSTH subreddit which I like to follow. It’s just PSTH
You know upside down V
PSA 25k in your acc doesn’t suddenly make you less retarded day trading enables your losses faster
bout to sell cRM bags and buy zoom atleast that shit moves
13$ by EOD tomorrow ha good.luck
Put a sock in it
Read somewhere that Papa Elon is fast tracking integration of gameplaying into tesla vehicles to take future advantage of autonomous driving. Maybe papa should team up with Cohen? 🎮🛑 + 🚘 = 🚀
Nio baby!
cocks of jupiter should be a band name.
YOLO TSLA 700C 12/31 FOR THE EOY IF THIS DOESNT PRINT IM QUITTING STOCKS
This guy is using an android lmfao, are we supposed to take this man seriously
Very
Dependents age 17-24 getting checks this time?
[deleted]
12/31/2020 SPCE 20p are $0.01 right now. That fucking company does nothing. It will dump soon
I hope it does hit 60 😎
Big green dildo in NIO atm
Drop the memes and buy solar. Shit’s printing money hand over fist.
I've watching that video on a loop for the past 3 days.
No way TSLA keeps running. The sell off is imminent.
Is this the ugliest person on the planet?
❤️ do you guys think magnets are neat too? ❤️
How are the crayons looking?
DONT DOUBT NIO
Lol. Peak?
But where’s the lie!?
Why can’t baba sprint a marathon ? 250 EOD
I'm already ALL IN $PSTH
Can’t wait for my DBX calls to print tomorrow 🤡
This man does not fuck.
It will come back
[removed]
No idea, but GME requires patience. This play is over months, not days.
It's like these people think WSB is short for WallStreetBears or some shit. This is a casino.
NIO just catching up to it’s Chinese friends BIDU and PDD
Ur dumb the rules changed
Yeah at this point I think it keeps going up. Seems solid. I bought a few shares when it dropped to $6 so fuck me for not holding lol. I’ve been putting cash into BETZ to capture some of the PENN gains
I can't make people literate or non-retarded. If you can't click "Europe", you're beyond hope. Please keep investing in index funds. https://www1.interactivebrokers.com/en/index.php?f=5012
Isn't this the same fuck tard that caused the last recession!
[removed]
We all bullish on AAPL?
If by gains you mean losses then yes
Me thinks all that tax-loss selling is done on meme stocks, ARKK $130 MAR21 a good bet?
I expected it to happen closer to the day but I will take it. Hopefully it isn't like tesla battery day
everything is SMALLTIME green right now, no major pumps. It's more evenly distributed instead of being all in NIO, PLTR, ev stocks and TSLA like it was in Nov
Lmaoo this dude really thinks he’s being smart. Has no clue how many artists have already tried to short wsb and it just doesn’t work.

At least we know we’re not the only ones skipping DD
Hey Rod, always appreciate your dd and loved your last video on GME. Just a thought, if Cohen wants to increase his ownership stake with GME wouldn’t it be advantageous for him to lend out his shares to short which would help suppress the price, followed by eventually using his profits to purchase more shares, possibly in large blocks. And conversely, wouldn’t Sherman want to keep the price for GME as high as possible to prevent Cohen from increasing his stake.
[deleted]
Every morning I wake up and look at the Wish chart, I cry 🥲
Put this into the universe.
I have Feb 240 calls. I'm hoping they print. China announced the $ amount per offense this morning and the stock gapped up.
Its what we are here for no?
Anyone got the 600$ yet?
idk i’m dumb? guess i’m just not familiar with RIOT but i’ve watched the oil sector for years.

(not that MARA’s run has much to do with oil ofc)
Ah gotcha, appreciate it. Hope a merger happens in Q1
You’re talking to a room of sprinters
lot of people on reddit are sadly
Always Papa Elon carrying my portfolio on it’s worst days
Why psth? You should all be in pshzf 🤦‍♂️
[deleted]
I'm always in all the wrong shit. fml. go up bitch.
It will go up that's an easy bet but all the autists here can't wait 6 10 months for a 100% their wife boyfriend wants the new ps5 asap
The Bears were betting against the fed.  That's not Brave, that's Suicidal.
I kept averaging down on apple hopefully last dip
PLTR bounce into the week Papa Karp speaks to the people 🚀🚀🚀
[deleted]
He says staring into the abyss
I know my calculus...

It says 🚀 + NIO = 💰
Best stocks to buy if Xi is dethroned?
I said that around the election and I’m always loaded up on margin during these times 🤦‍♂️
[deleted]
Got your back on PDD !
how does this post get through??
If NIO hits 60 EOY I give a homeless man my virginity
BABA train leaving 🚄
Dude's comments and profile pic add up to the signs you look for in a stroke victim.
$60
FUK I should have bought some PSTH shares yesterday
[removed]
Shouldn't have sold PLUG at 34, damn...At least I reinvested it into ICLN.
Ah there goes XPev. Great for my puts
Nice
A nice, deep green $1k profit day is exactly what I needed after getting railed Monday and Tuesday
Renting is more lucrative long term.
Why’s that? I’m up on both
Oh ya?  Interesting. Guess I need to do more research. I felt like with the LEAPs I have for August next year that if this call somehow even hit, then my LEAPs would be so in the money it would be a win/win anyways plus I'd get my money back for the shares at 75$
TSLA 800 eow.
Didnt make this play off Citron bs
NIO $50 EOD?
[deleted]
My God 🚀🚀🚀’s everywhere.
[deleted]
BABA gang its a marathon not a sprint
Chyna
When will CITRON report BABA is worth 6 trillion 😤
[deleted]
55
Yes yes I know you're great at retarded brain farts and yolo'ing... But isn't it $pshzf?
[deleted]
[deleted]
Hyper growth portfolio
JD Jevin Durant tha Blacc Horse
Sounds a lot like the recent rise in margin usage and people YOLOing student, home equity, and personal loans on meme stocks.

Looks like we're in for a massive 1920s style bull run. Load up boys.
Thanks bud
no form 4 no 8k on CYBR
Yeah fho sho
We're about to become his wife's stepbro
Thanks for your sacrifice, dude.
They should at least let us know they're usernames.
So, what’s the peak for NIO?
TSLA said hello.
Because they only get a single grain of rice every week... 

1455 shares of NIO
[deleted]
🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
CRM HULK GREEN AGAIN
Support at 44
I would like “ONE” early retirement my good sir 🥸
Look into BBY. It's super undervalued. Stock going down despite them trimming fat and murdering margins. I'm going to post a DD on it later today or tomorrow, time depending.
SQ bulls, hear me out. Let’s hope this dips so we can scoop up more shares. 2021 will be massive once small businesses come back in full swing and look to Square to make the start up easy. Point of sale profits are down for them and that is the essence of the business. The fact that we mooned this year is pure intellect from Dorsey.
OKTA please fly
If I had a broker that would let me lend shares for money I'd lend them out for days (and buy more GME with the profit). You all could get burned and I'd just make money for having a broker that supports my diamond hands.

Unfortunately I don't have that :(
How many times do I have to tell you retards? Steel is heavy, therefore it moves slow.
Should've sell on last week
Thanks!
Bought leaps this morning
[https://worldstar.com/video.php?v=wshht3av1CRL3Uh9fRVX](https://worldstar.com/video.php?v=wshht3av1CRL3Uh9fRVX)
[deleted]
I need this rocket to launch
NIO expanding to the Netherlands or Wakanda or somewhere
Crm and splk and fuckin Fsly taketh away. NIO giveth 🍻🎉
[deleted]
how fucked is the dollar
You're only an idiot if you lose money.

But I wouldn't expect someone with CFA MBA FMVA FRM in their name to appreciate that.
bidu don give a fk
Is going to tank tomorrow cuz EOY then we buy shares
[removed]
baba its your time
i cut myself at night :(
Sold my shares after the peak. I will buy again at dip
Riot is melting asshole
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/elmarquez3 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
When they were units it was 1/9 per unit and that already happened when the units went to shares.. now it’s 2/9 per share I thought but you have to hold through merge
Damn, so I’m the green guy. I’ll take it!
LFG Amazon
If you bought the dip it would’ve been very easy to at least double your money this year.
Put som in the game makers
Kinda looking like it did last time it was at 22, before the big 17%day
We're about to become his wife's future ex husband
Lmao big facts. WSB is where I belong, I guess.
I'm not trying to be mean but does anyone else find it funny when you go on those investing subs and you see overdiversified 12% growth investment pies with like $5 per slice and 20 stocks (and there's always something like 1/200th of a TSLA share)
[removed]
Chinese stocks are hardworking and have high IQ unlike lazy and fat american stocks
If you think GME is dead I dare you to sell and watch from the sidelines
Imagine betting against America
GME God has spoken
NIO 🚀🚀🚀
ha.. not a chance it hits $70 in the foreseeable future.
[deleted]
Bought calls when it was at 45.5, so yeah... nice 30-50% gain this morning
Piper perri
🤡 Today is *definitely* the bottom for FDX 🤡
We about to end this man's whole career
GME: when 4chan and WSB pile into a meme stonk

this will age well

short squeeze theories, solid DDs
send me 1 dollar

i give u 2 dollar EOY 2021

you're welcome
gonna decide on Jan 5th or so, trending up now, lets see!
Dkng is like that toxic ex you can't stop fucking with
What levels are we shorting SFIX again?
STOP THE COUNT!
Baba please do something
32 * 300 $SNOW Puts 2/17/2020
(75k yolo , Up 18-20k rn)
Sir Jack is back btw, he got unbanned.
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
[deleted]
Boomer V making a 2.5% run
Fresh used games from new consoles like fresh stim. Incoming
Tim Apple I want your huge green dildo
Dr Ass.
I’ve never seen my portfolio so green 😍
Me too, very bullish on this one
The stock isn't bright fucking red.
I leave for Red River Gorge Kentucky tomorrow. Should I stop by and give Bitch Mcconnell a hello from WSB?
It's been rumoured that ARKG is buying in.  
It's all over reddit but not WSB.
Gme is not dead. Melvin throwing any and all manipulation to delay the rocket launch.
Most of this sub would be fucked if you couldn’t
Intellectual? I was one of those bears and that's not how I'd describe myself 😂
Chinese Elon was in my wet dream last night
That was very well known when they apple purchased intel's failed modem division in 2019. They can try all they want and it wouldn't be for years and qualc0mm would still get paid because of their patents. 5G isn't for really for smartphones it's for automobiles, smart factories, IoT etc. But they will still bank off 5g phones these coming years. Qualc0mm defines the standards and is incredibly well positioned. Their forward PE is so cheap. Watch what happens after earnings in Feb. They're making so much money and will continue to.

Apple's (stale) modems news was a bloomberg led short, manipulation at it finest. Fantastic buying opportunity despite me losing thousands on weeklies, i got even better positioned. 

By the time apple has their own modem - which is a huge if - qualc0mm will not be counting on their revenue and will be miles away. 5G is qualc0mm's time to shine and it's just the first inning. 

Should be 200 by summer, likely spring.
Still 4 more hours, but this morning was **YUGE**
They've said it all year long and won't stop saying it
its ded mon
NIOOOOO
Awesome I sold my NIO calls a half hour ago, now it decides to moon
If my account keeps going like it has been today it might be I guess lol
I had the iPhone 6 once, it was trash AAPL is fucked.
Come on BABA, don't be CACA
was BBBY pump & dump?
Think I’m gonna sell everything and go long on NET calls
Sell your wife to buy Nio
The R word’ll getcha!
I wasnt saying u need to buy the shit damn i was just happy it was green bitch. Anybody buying in that shit now is gonna be wrexkless with some other meme bullshit. Use ur tears for lube dicknose i dont need ur fucking like

But i did forget about #4. Thats my bad.
Fucking B team on this morning.   Might as well just show a picture of Cramer for 2 hours.
NIO why do you flash me your huge tits every time I try to sell you.
ANyone else making gains while making gains?
When you use it as an excuse for why you can't pay, it becomes a turnoff.
After Xi dumps him, Jack Ma will go back to being Ma Yun (his real name, as on his passport). GTFO with that made up name.
Look at their long term graphs 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Buy CRM they said! It will be great they said!
U gotta look into the uptick rule to understand but basically shorts can’t short below the asking price when uptick rule engaged. = they can’t drive price down really, natural sellers have to be the ones lowering the ask

But yea on the 31st it’s go time
Batteries 🔋 batteries 🔋 batteries 🔋
Price being held down because it needs to go sideways for a bit after the big run up. Pretty big move is coming.
CLDR 🥳
[deleted]
Looks more like a walk / crawl than a run
Are we gonna crash here?
I got hundreds of thousands of points this year alone and I redeem them all (periodically) as statement credits cause I’m not a fucking weirdo
1600 shares in cash accounts. 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Hoping to add 200 more shares tomorrow if it dips to around 18.20
TSLA 700c 12/31 WILL PRINT
lol
[deleted]
PERI about to Pump. I hope
Calls on virgin 🚀
No worries. Best of luck brother.
It already went from $5 to $42 in the last six months... isn't there anything more hipster / hasn't taken off yet?
Nio Day hype.
[deleted]
*Little did he know....he fucked up*
Nio going up while XPev is flat as fuck. What?
[deleted]
NIO wants to take off so bad just let it fly!
Me
BABA 6million EOD LFGGGGGG 🐂🐂🐂
So what happens in Friday with the foreclosure order expiring? Will it be renewed?
GameStop is done. The interest is gone.
looks like PSTH doin the ol dip and rip today!
Today is BIDU day.
I went to the best school on the west coast, and got a useless humanities major, and now I drive the short bus to work every day
Thanks dude, I've been super confused for a while. This helped a lot.
not I
right now
Just threw more cash into the retard pot ( GME )
Should have mentioned I’m straight
Ban. Under 1BN market cap. Stop trying to rip us off.  
  
Rule 4:
No non-reporting penny, microcap (Less than $1BN Market Cap), OTC stocks, low volume options, cryptocurrency, or any other worthless securities that are susceptible to scams or pump & dump schemes.
TAN 2/19 104c
Has that Cyber truck pop potential too 🚀
She has all of them since the beginning except air which she was learning.
NIO starting its run to 70 🤩
I sold this morning and doubled down on the dip.  Chart looks stronk to 48.
Thank you for the post!
Well hello $HIMX !!! 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
This dude has a hard on for the WSB boys 🤣
[deleted]
No doubt. I’m just betting on the industry rather than trying to pick the winner in the space, less risk less reward. Apr21 $28c got them for 1.03
For hedge funds, especially shorts, it's the opposite reason why they're driving the price down. They want good numbers to report at the end of the year so investors don't pull their capital. Jim Cramer mentioned it back in 2006-7: https://www.reuters.com/article/cramer-interview/jim-cramer-draws-fire-over-manipulation-comments-idUSN2036292620070320

If you're Melvin Capital and looking to take a loss to the retard army, you want to do it in January when investors have already given you their money for another year rather than now when investors would realize in their financial statement that the company they trust their money with lost against a bunch of retards on the internet.
What if he actually bought a ton of $25 calls and he’s just tryna use reverse psychology on yo asses
[deleted]
You can do it. Let the degeneracy flow through you. Dont fight it. Open that RH account, make that first deposit, sign the BS disclosures and get options access, get margin, and then YOLO your bankroll until you get to zero. It’s like receiving the clarity of busting a nut. Then you will be ready... this is the absolute way.

Being a boomer is a mindset, not an age.
NIO going to moon so hard in January. Don't sleep NIO day 2021
Theta gang seeing 100% returns.
99% sure this is a troll account. Look at that guy's post history. It's most sarcasm and jokes.
[deleted]
Hedge funds sell now, price drop, loss for taxes, but buy next week in new year, profit when it rockets through 2021
NIO MOONING LFG!!!!!!🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀shskskckdnrenjssikzclkftnelapxovwlnff
650p on TSLA for Jan 8.
Does anyone know who this dude is for real?
[deleted]
1/8 750 calls are 3 something... worth the risk. It might blast off through the roof. who knows
Ban this guy
I cancelled my buy order for $200 FEB yesterday :(
We used to have real bears in here. Brave bears that went all in on puts during the buying opportunity of a generation. They were vaguely intellectual.
Gme dead? Or is flight crew lighting off boosters?
🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
[deleted]
Low volume / open interest = worthless (0.01)

What’s the expiry?
[removed]
The value you see is the median between the best bid and the best ask. 

If bid is $1 and ask is $2, you’ll see $1.50

If no one exists to buy your option from you it’s value is zero, or 0.01
True
ATM SPY put
Not so sure about that.  I think it is very possible at least 1,000 people here have $1M.
🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
$SLV $30 the collapse of the monetary system
Disclaimer: I wear a helmet, but my thoughts are: market makers profit off of the spread of options and therefore want to remain directionally neutral (delta neutral on options). If they sell Melvin a bag of puts, they will want to short the underlying to remain neutral on the position (underlying goes down, put value goes up, they need to be short underlying to remain neutral on the trade).  The important Greek here is delta as it affects the price neutrality of the trade, but delta changes as the options gets further out of or into the money (this is gamma) so the mm is constantly moving their position, as a position gets close to expiry (if it’s out of the money) it’s delta will be low, and therefore the mm will not need to short as many shares to stay neutral. I actually believe that Melvin is suppressing the price by rolling the puts. Holding out of the money puts doesn’t put a lot of downward pressure on the stock, but holding at the money or in the money puts does as they have higher delta. 

Where you see the parabolic shit is where there are a ton of far out of the money options that move closer and closer to itm. This forces mms to grab more shares to hedge delta and pushes stock prices up, moving the otm options farther itm, causing mms to buy more shares, etc etc. this is the infamous gamma squeeze that has propelled Tesla (IMO). Anyway, long story short, I think puts expiring worthless don’t actually affect price that much, as the mm shouldn’t have to hedge anymore and there’s no movement from the underlying from the options contract.

Again, just my rambling thoughts.  I could be completely wrong so would appreciate if someone smarter than me could help out
Same over here. Bought that first BABA dip at 284, sold half when it started going near 300 and then cut my lossses at the first bad news at 270, basically broke even but it was a wild ride. Anti China now, NIO is scary despite its good outlook lol.
Looking at all the gains in BABA, TCEHY, PDD, NIO, XPEV, and BIDU.

This sub turned into Chinese bulls 🇨🇳🧧❤️🐂📈🚀🚀🚀
When you move your finger left and right across the screen, it moves the bar left and right.
Will pltr moon first or gme.. i really want to go long on pltr but currently moved all to gme, thinking this will moon earlier than pltr
Typical MT day, will end up 0.3%
It's funny, you can keep lying to yourself about non existent voter fraud, or you can return to reality and acknowledge that your guy lost--Get the fuck over it.
Buy baba rn
[elon's baby mama's most viewed YT song, I like it](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1FH-q0I1fJY)
What strike hoe
Ban
M
And how else should I interpret this?:

Eligible Accounts:
US Retail Investors5

Institutional Accounts6

Advisors7,8

Introducing Brokers9,10,1
This guy Africas
Understandable. My expectations were lower for this show because I knew it wasn’t gonna amazing as The Last Airbender.
Bro my $30c FEB are fucking doomed anything shorter is completely fuk
Because Robinhood is also retarded
I make 275k in my 9-5 job....I started investing in April after the crash with 90k cash I had sitting in a money market. I've made almost 350k profit off that this year all short term trend investing, a few day trades, and no options. So yeah, been a good year.
how the hell is the CNN sentiment index for stocks at 50?(Neutral)

" Safe Haven DemandExtreme Fear

Stocks  have outperformed bonds by 1.95 percentage points during the last 20  trading days. However, this is close to the weakest performance for  stocks relative to bonds in the past two years and indicates investors  are starting to flee risky stocks for the safety of bonds."
Two of them only consume liquids and as a hint I’ll tell you it is not the one you think is an alien
Just checked. Whoever said get in on SQ I love you
Neeeeeee YOOOOOOO
Pleas TSLA don’t sell off.
Communist chinaaaaaaaa
May your tendies be extra spicy.
What the Fuck - did NIO just wake up from a nap?
Palantards, show your love to Emperor Palatine.  Diamond Hands will Crush the resistance.  

https://youtu.be/mQ9iBn7ut1A
You’d be doing it right if you bought 3000 shares instead.
Y’all realize it’s a parody account, right? LMFAO
Did u record this with your boomer 2001 nokia phone
Anyone going to buy BABA calls?
seriously when is CRM gonna moon
[deleted]
wtf is happening with NET
It's a sign of insecurity.   The only people I address with a title is in formal moments, like a lawyer or a judge. I've never included my titles on my business cards except "founder". Cause i'm too proud of that one.
nio i've never doubted you bb🚀🚀🚀
Is GME not a chad anymore
Yes, price is moving
Need a 2 month out play. 3k to yolo
I made $5k on a 2 hour flight one time. NVDA calls, but that was back in May where everything was ripping like 5% a day back to back for weeks on end
Worse bro. I promise lol.
Oh lord, VIX boutta rip
Appreciate it!
STLD way undervalued.... low IV dirt cheap calls on steel
Whats DA?
What a coinkydink I consider myself a professor of ass as well.
[deleted]
soldier dps 1350 channel 4
Fuck yeah dawg I got $26c 1/15
I definitely saw it on here first. But. . I did an extra 3 minutes of DD before hitting buy.
Appreciate it man. didn’t know about that deal
I did like the season but not as engaging as the 1st season. I get you tho
What remained of my day’s sanity ended with the word “wackadoodle”
Last calls for PLTR calls
Now
Throwing all my money on PLTR leaps and 03/19/21 calls
TSLA calls in the dip?
[deleted]
Maybe you shouldn’t buy FDs
Fishing forum lol? Just put your lure in the water like lmao
JD is starting to spike as BABA run cools
Theta gang has been brutal on my Jan 15 calls. Even if we get the most divine UK news, everyone holding $140+ Jan 15 calls will marginally make their money back at best
Touch stone explo ration
God damn dude I had a ton of BIDU the other day at 200 that I got stopped out on the day I bought, fuck this game
[deleted]
I'll have you know I started in April and am down because I am just that good 😎
How tf did you know
Walk me through your play
No real resistance on TSLA until the sell wall at 700 🚀🚀🚀🚀
Dr. PP liked it, so it must be true!
100 shares of vix thank you
For real? I was looking at the 4 series but at that price why not just spend a little more for the 5?
See in membersee must stand for cuck.
Epstein bought calls.
New venue is more GME
[deleted]
"Africa" has that starving children - flies crawling into children's eyes image in the west.   
However, if you were to visit some of the top cities in East or West (or South) Africa, you'd see hyper-speed development and commercial activity like none other.  
JMIA leaps on the dip. They're gonna monopolize e-commerce in Africa, and who knows, might even penetrate Asia, Europe and or the US.
Take me home, NIO
Tell him to get you some new socks with his stimmy money
They don’t even know what their retirement is invested in
[deleted]
Does anyone know when FDX is going to stop losing money every single day?
fuck yes NIO
BABA 🚀
Any reason why MARA and not RIOT?
NIO wants to run, let it goooo
Make GME great again
Yes. Flight wifi is public robbery
"My bad g I only got 10%"
Literally everything I have is flat, I am down $0.08, this is so fucking boring
OP of the DD doesn’t understand shorting and incorrectly thought that having more shares short than float is some sort of magic formula for 10,000% gains. That said, he made a shit load of money on it as  a pump and dump. The thesis was basically “they will have a really good ER from selling PS5s and there will be a short squeeze”. The entire thing is just delusion. But there is money to be made in delusion if enough people have it.
Cut my losses sigh
Im not sure what made me buy fedex in the first place. But id like to return to sender. Their stonk is not working.
Lemme guess

AMD going to weakly push back to $92 then sell off again. Surprise surprise....
Exactly
Is that considered the best season?
[deleted]
PSA: if you block anyone who just posts a ticker and some rocket, this thread gets way more bearable
Good luck bro
[deleted]
Just cut it hurts
eoy low volume
[deleted]
What happened to that massive dip all the bears were telling me was going to happen this morning? Been more than 2 hours and all I see is green...
God I love this fucking site
FUCK YOUUUUU NIO TO THA STRATOSPHERE🚀🚀
GME gang. Show me some rockets!
PDD is the new BABA >:O
Why? They are up daddy.
Shit yah on dat Billy
Narrator: it did not break 29 next week.
Idk, Degiro is looking pretty good as well.
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/Jomama_iLoseMoney the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Right. This is one of the reasons I stay away from chinese stock. You never know when xi will fuck someone over
Did they put it in fds like they are supposed to?
[removed]
Right now
PLTR and MARA calls

CMG puts
Friend got his deposit today
Its about the friends you make along the way
I read and responded to one his tweets. Hope he gets hit by the GMExWSB steamroller.
How you make blue line
Okay ARKG you made your point. Go back up now pleas
[deleted]
based
🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
The moment he started pushing penny stocks was the moment I knew it's unsub time.
How bro?
Democrats win House?  Raise my taxes immediately good sirs
Tesla goes higher
Is it a sign of addiction if I pay for wifi on a flight so I can check my stocks
Who tf keeps dumping MT every time it opens 2%
any day now....
Master of Puppets on Max volume
[removed]
50+ soon
CLF🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
We'll make it, just watch.
Gme
Lucked out that I was in business school working part time last year. Otherwise I would've made too much to receive stimulus checks haha
like I knew it was gonna drop but I'm so fucking impatient
Be brutally honest bro, did you decide to buy it after seeing it on here
For me they'd have to prove they are able to secure longterm exclusivities with Sony and Microsoft to sell some limited editions consoles/games and pre-order goodies. They would have to show a stronger hardware selection and their stores would have to improve dramatically and loose the pawn shop feeling, I entered a gamestop in 2020 and I felt like I had herpes when I walked out. Did I have it before walking in? Probably, but that feeling is hard to shake off.
I'm just too lazy to do that.  Someone should start a company where they will collect the credit card points for you and then take 20% of the points or something.
You sure? Thot 1 Unit was 1 common share and 1/9th warrant
SQ up up and to the moon 🚀🚀🚀
Most underrated stock on this sub tbh. Blows my mind why Disney land meets amazon doesn’t meme
That’s crazy, was at $40k would drop $10-$20k and then go right back up
meme stonk
Whoever said get in on SQ go fuck yourself
[deleted]
As long as its over 35 idgaf
I don't like this flat shit I'm seeing from BABA.

Better than straight up downsies, I guess
Wish you told us that when my portfolio was worth 1.6k not 0.8k

Not much but it's a big loss to me lol.
🤙🏼🤙🏼🤙🏼
My pltr 29c and 30c 12/31 is doomed
A nice US Savings Bond or maybe a high yield 0.55% 12 month Certified Deposit
the runup in FCX is not sustainable.
Tsla struggling to hold 680
Lots of small dick, online dating energy in this thread
Same reason it was be4
When will reality hit 🐻 ?
bet you he still holding
PLTR suspiciously stable today
I can’t stand this guy. Now he’s pushing bullshit Spac companies to his followers. Super sketchy considering the volume on those are small and his channel could cause artificial bumps.
What he is holding now mostly?
Probably on your head.
puts on KIDS

https://twitter.com/DeItaone/status/1344319055688327169
wait a second...municipalities...like wasting money on expensive public works projects that appease their progressive constituents. now that's an idea worth investing in
Any good dip to buy out there? Anyone
Yall have been saying its gonna squeeze every day of this week just shut the fuck up jesus
This is tradition. We are the givers.
[deleted]
NIO TO THE MOOOON 🚀🚀🚀
TSLA no... pleas keep flying 🙏💰🚀🙏💰🚀🙏
People knew to inverse, came time to inverse the inverse
Nio has wiped me yet again
Being a bull is awesome. let's be honest though. the market is close to full pump right now. All the models have the republicans winning in Georgia. Sanders pulled a seasoned Senator move and is keeping both incumbents in Washington through the weekend. Dem chance of winning in Georgia are looking better- early data is looking more promising. Would be great for a 3rd round of Stimmy, but would also throw all of the projections into a whirlwind of speculation due to potential tax changes and regulations- let alone any additional covid news with a dem controlled congress/WH. 

In conclusion- I think it's smart to be a Volatility Bull. (Which is fun cuz you're still a bull right?)
I just bought 4k more share. Fuck this guy.
Crush Melvin Capital’s hopes and dreams !
But not of rope
Upvoted for the big balls not because of the retardation
Don’t forget politics.
hope you sold
Didn't know this will blow up so hard lmao. Some fucking legend gave my post an award worth 40000 coins.
You da real MVP.
Because QCOM has a much larger market, as well as higher market share, larger product range, etc
Make it stop
BIDU 10 baggers today who caught it?
Well wehre's the fun in that?
PLTR is not a destination, it is a way of life.
Yea what’s with all these sketchy pump and dumpers trying to get you to baghold ass stocks
Became a doctor, now have patients. This actually made me money. What’s the next play?
Get in BABA
Sellers are tripping over themselves trying to undercut the lowest ask price.

$236.87 EOD
[removed]
[removed]
Tony Ferguson is the type of guy to short meme stocks
If you gonna sell covered calls, sell weeklies around .25-.30 delta
Nah Too much to ask for
Getting bent over by CRM
I have some family that got it last night
Govt always be lyin
All I know is that EV stocks are bananas right now and this company makes sweet batteries that all EVs are gonna need.  I'm all in
100% very complicated. I’ve been saying this since the first BABA drop. China is a different animal that I don’t think many Americans understand, not to mention how much less that knowledge is for this sub. Adding: China also owns BABA... just because the stock suffers doesn’t mean their profits suffer...
SPY puts are on the menu

https://imgur.com/gallery/sqIrVqu
Or DA?
Will PLTR finally get off its ass and break 29 next week?
My two HMIX weeklies to the moon!
wish I bought on that FCX tip this morning.. anyone take advantage? Why are they up bigly?
Just you.
Squeeze, the short way
I'm sure his father is very proud of him.
Yesterday begs to differ
9 shares for 2 warrants broheim
Garbage
You are missing the March crash. People are only looking at their returns since March.

If you were fully in the market and rode it to the bottom and backup then you are just breaking even for the year.

If you only started in April/May then you have doubled or tripled your money with very little work.

15% is a really good year and doubly so in a pandemic.

The issue coming now is the easy money has mostly been made so it will get harder to get outsized returns going forward.
They would poop their pants.
GME why u do dis
I bet Micheal Burry is playing his drums right now
How many time is SPY gonna bounce off 372.20
BOEING taking off with a bear on its back. Inverse of spy rn
I sold $47 CC’s against my shares. Don’t really want to lose them. Needs this thing to slow down.
What happened baba
“Stimmy check hitting bank accounts as early as Tuesday night” well that was a fuckin lie
POGGERS
Shut yo bitch ass up velma
Some shorts hold onto a shitty thesis for years
War he shall have. 


1 2 3 4 I declare a thumb war.
Apple is going to have an absolutely monster ER. Apple early feb calls 5% OTM.
Thank god I got out of FB
I found my next short: this guy's hair
[deleted]
Yees
i watched most of the first but idk just didnt really get into it, doesnt she like learn all the elements super fast? i guess im an idiot who like, expected it to be like the last one but just really didnt continue watching
Let’s get our minds off this flaccid ass market. What did y’all think of Belle Delphine’s porn shoot ?
So, this confirms my [122% institutional ownership](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kmsyhf/122_gme_shares_held_by_institutions_wtf_does_it/) post. When I first saw that number being higher than 100%, I knew right away it's the stock market fughazi-fugheezi, but didn't understand the underlying mechanic.

New long positions coming into existence out of thin air sounds fun though. The more shorties sell, the more buying opportunities for us longs, so let's keep it up before they have no choice but to beg us to sell them back those shares for triple the price!
They are all way above NAV of 10 so there's a ton of downside. Go find some spacs below 11
Think that’s good? Check JNUG
Not falling for it tesla sorry
GO MVIS you son of a bits 😝
Damn it reminds me when all the boomers discovered facebook
Guh
I got a kind of a rude message. Something along the lines of "Hey, only 2% donate, will you keep ignoring us."
This is the way
3750 shares in cash account， never had margin account lol
Wait is this real?
I lose so much money intraday
Me and my tiny account just bought 24 shares of GME. Fuck it
What's more likely, a multi-billion dollar fund like Melvin is struggling to short GME after likely making bank in March, or we'd like to think we have their balls in a vice?
use the search function you lazy twat
The guy is THE CEO of Lehman. Not his dad.
bears r the worst guys, how can u live ur life so full of negativity
Do you know much about NET? I like the low IV but it appears to be in a multi week downturn.
He isn’t wrong
the dude who made chewy bought 13% of the company and he said hes gonna make gamestop moon even if he has to get rid of the current ceo and board to do it
[deleted]
NIO through 47 LFG!
Sold my $BIDU calls too soon. 🥲
Shouldn't tesla good delivery numbers be priced in at this point?
Yo pass me the bread!
Because people think it will go down and it has real low IV
No thank you, I will not be having any patients.
This is what I like to hear haha.
Same with those 1/15 10c
Can I ask why? AAPL’s making their own chips now
I just lost my glasses. Do you guys know where they are?
For a year plz 🙏
Another day with my portfolio in shambles due to GME. Will not sell this shit. Got a month till expiry I will 💎🙌 this trash. Go big or go homeless
Sold my $2500 at a 10% loss on Friday. Going to regret...
B-b-but cnn just rolls it’s eyes and doesn’t report it either
NIO... are we gonna dance around all night with your hand on my ass or are you gonna make your move
just keep buying shares, throw money anywhere and it eventually goes up
HELP
Yes sir
>patients

Excellent DD
this market is whackadoodle
Problem is some SPAC’s don’t have options available
[removed]
I was getting mixed messages from the last few minutes that I saw as well. This issue must be complicated
Even my boomer boss asked me if I heard about WSB and he comes to check posts :(
Send 1 gold to support my family in africa
need 9 PSTH shares for 1 warrant, correct?
For hedges mainly. It’s when implied volatility goes up
Yes sir!
Nio will likely rise more after December 31. There's a $50 call-sale ceiling that those in power are successfully pinning it down to (they don't want to sell shares), but I can easily see this breaching 50+ starting January.
What does this mean?

I just bought a long call and the premium plus the strike price is exactly the price of the stock right now.

Why?
It's Ma Yun, Jack is just a name he adopted to sound western.
It's not bad. It just isn't as good as the first. Which wasn't as good as the last airbender.
Oh look he's back
Better yet buy 6 or 12 month calls and 3x-4x!
big brain thinking.. literally.
Never done options trading before though I've been reading about it for awhile now, buying just one 1/15 85C to dip my tiny baby toes into the water bc it's only like $21 for a single contract so fuck it why not, please don't lead me astray sir I am just a humble degenerate trying to lose more braincells.
Garbage trucks.. genius
dROP THE  HAMMER MMs. I need to load up on cheap calls.
Zombies eat brains, but do they poop?
[removed]
[deleted]
He said it retards..NET. Smh
Anything after next earnings, 360-380
Ok i feel better now, thanks
The fact that some boomer with so many expensive fancy letters after his name stands against WSB proves one thing and one thing only: 

We won. The time of the boomvestor is over. The time of the autgambler, is come.
looked way too sus so I stayed away. try not to lose too much, all that can go into shares 💎✋
if you like semiconductors you should also be in $UMC
sold nio call spreads. Be reasonable NIO, you don’t have to do this! Nice and easy now. Let’s talk it out. Just chill.
1000 @ 1.3 bought yesterday
Ya well the way todays trending its ending red
Lulz
Week of Jan 4 should be good. Fuck trading during Christmas and New Years.
What happened to inverse wsb... weve been right for too long :,(
They have the cash reserve to buy into any market they like. With no moral guidance and what they won’t do for profit margins.

Aside from low wage markets having a revolution, not much to stop them.
You haven’t heard? The new PT is +2k. Another round of split coming soon
QC0M making feel good about going all in on every dip.
When CYDY gets uplisted...get on board kids
TSLA 700 EOH lol
of hopes
Baron von Fuckaround, Duke of Findoutington.
Bro I can buy a brand new IPhone 12 with that shit
When rotation back into battery stocks hits, 🐝 will pop.  Today people are fixated on charging, but could quickly change...
S2 was the most boring season of all, cool fights in 3 and 4 tho
You’re really in for it when u watch season 3
🦘market
I'm loving Cyberpunk 2077 on PC!

So I went all in CD PROJEKT RED $**OTGLY.**
I’m flat with BABA, I guess that’s what I’m doing
What a cuck
Well they are a financial news network.  It's not like they are CNN.
SPAC’s are literally free money if you’re patient. Idk why half you fuckers don’t just buy B F T, G I K, and T H B R. And just sit on them. Like fuck have some patients and you’ll double if not triple your money rn
If PDD gets to 180 imma bust
Bull flags everywhere
dog shit is more nutritious than cat shit

&#x200B;

edit: not by much tho
so it's like reddit.
Let me know when you buy msft or aapl
they don't call him Bitch McConnell for nothing
She's trying not to offend anyone explicitlyy
yeah, agree what that chinese chick on cnbc was laying down..china ain't done fucking with ma. dunno if i'm buying baba resurgence any time soon
Well PLTR saving my portfolio today so idaf lol
Strike and date foo
Gold and I’ll jump on this 🚀
Doubt it
When they'll announce they delivered 510k and everybody will be disappointed and not enough.
Yes, correct
Whoops, still getting used to the lingo, lemme try again Sorry for any lexical or metasyntax inconsistencies x)

🦹🤺🐻🤺🤼🐂🕶️🍌🌋🚀🚀🚀🤑🚀🚀📈♻️ (•Y•)
Is it just me or does mt have the same exact chart every single day
Angry Penis confirmed
McConnell is the kind of guy who sign up for Yoga so he can eventually suck his own dick.
If NIO can break $47 it’s going to moon
WTH is causing the run up on Matinas pharma stock?
Def a Ma fan, however that didn’t stop her from saying Xi is still the king
IS it just me or does it seem a selloff is brewing? VIX elevating again. SPY chart is consolidating in the wrong direction and volume seems super low.
That’s because 50% of this sub bought PLTR at the peak
 Big selloff or what
Chatter: AMZN is going to buy CYBR.
Spy
A lot of talk of a big pull back but throwing my 2021 new Roth money into QQQJ on Monday.   Fuck Boomer shit.  Tech drives our economy.  If we get another true tech wreck going to have more problems than just my Roth.
[removed]
Big 🍆🍆 energy for Papa Elon 700$ EOW 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
I'd guess an overall market downturn and poor earnings will do it.
You mean buying into a business model built around physical discs and gaming systems that no longer require physical discs is a bad long term idea?  This shit is going to drop like a rock at some point.
Same brother!
[deleted]
BABA ➡️ PDD 🚀?
Unusual Call volume for FUBO 12/31 OTM
MRNA
But does he look like a bitch?
Where can I buy my own starter pack like this? Let the profits FUEL YOUR ROCKETSHIP🚀🚀🚀
[removed]
[deleted]
how do you choose your flies? just a price target, or do you ever target skew/vol and manage early?
Presuming it won’t get over $50 a share which it 100% will. 

I’m writing all I can of put options at several strike levels slightly below its current price to fund deep out of the money calls that expire by end of January 2021

Edit: no way this strategy fails
people were shilling Baba for 1 day you retard.
Y’all chose the wrong Chinese B company. Baidu is up 11% this morning.
No news?

Gimme tits ( . Y . )

😎
🌈🐻gang gang gang. To do moon fellas!
[deleted]
AMC marketing not adding movie subscriptions with vaccine shots yet? Haha
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/hamxa99 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
FB Calls
As soon as I load up on AARK it drops and stays low
here for the eventual reeeeee as well
Uhmm there is no top of GME
DAMN yesterday I was anxious as fuck about getting no calls back for any of the jobs I’ve been applying for. 

Got an interview at 1pm 😎

Positions: balls deep in TSLA AAPL, ABNB, and LEVI
Lost $10k in the last week but I’m up $50 today so I have that going for me, which is nice
People on WSB are truly illiterate retards. Almost every non-retarded European trader uses IB.
MT to the moooon!
Dkng cant hold shit jesus
market rises on hopes that hopes of more hopes will hope
When do we buy more amazon calls
yup
[removed]
I hate you how many shares?
I'm long GME but believe you will regret it still... Option prices for GME are excessively expensive 

But I'm just me with my few $
another EV trash company
To start lose the buying and selling used games model for online copies. Will piss off game devs.
My current favorite etf and current favorite stock
Yeah, feels bad for anyone who bought weeklies at the top. Even with the fade I'm still up
I wear his wife’s ear muffs
Tesla will never use these over the long run on production cars. They will be useful in other spaces but Papa Elon is convinced no Lidar.

Almost definitely they're using them to build ground truth datasets to train their vision based models for edge cases that are difficult to model in simulation. Once they bootstrap out they probably won't even need them for training over the long run.

Also they're probably using them because of cost but would easily switch to velodyne once they're cheaper.
Tbf education in business and finance has almost zero correlation with success in it.
NVDA you cuck bitch move up. I've been bag holding for 3 months
When everybody was shilling baba and nio. I loaded up BILI calls.
guh.
This ROKU dip maybe the last entry point for calls for a while.
Sell off price.
It might be worth a look. A lot of the work is pulling data and displaying in reports. It’s a big field. Data Scientists need to know math, but it’s one part. There is also setting up the servers (AWS, etc) that’s the Ops side.
Broke ass couldn’t even get an iPhone. Peasant.
My bet is they are positioning themselves to sell PC hardware. What other brick and mortar retailer has a competitive advantage in PC gaming apart from Microcenter and Best Buy? There aren’t Microcenters in every city, which just leaves Best Buy if you really want a PC component quickly. There’s room in this market, and PC gaming has been exploding the past year.
eh
Probably
Sold my gme bags for tsla 700 fd and couldn’t be happier
I just want Cathie to tell me I’m her little pogchamp
[removed]
What are we buying calls on boiiiis
Imagine being the dumbass behind the screen, placing orders on options worth 1/3 of a billi

That’s someone’s life out there man. How crazy
You love to see it
McConnell the type of guy to look like McConnell
Volatility shaking a leg
TSLA really going to live up to that guy's DD of current price + $600 stimulus
Most boring man ever:  "I collected hundreds of thousands of credit card points over the past 10 years"
Because we’re up $1?
The amount of awards in this thread. My wife's boyfriend said he might give me one too.
Yippidy
Mess with the bulls, your wife must be a cow
Always has
Pretty much
[deleted]
LGVW to the Moon!  🚀🚀🚀🚀
This woman is getting way too much air time on CNBC. That’s when you know there is no news
That 47 wall on NIO is strong
You seem like a smart guy then, how can you not see a winning play when it slaps you across the face
I know the bar is low here but let’s give wsb just a tad bit more credit haha
I don’t think TSLA shares are based on making products though.
Nio abt to bust
I'll think about getting in when it hits $240ish
Yes, unlike most of the people here I like companies with revenue growth
What is a wall
I was fucked once by this sort of pump and dump garbage, trying to help my comrades out
Red by EoD.
I missed most of the jl warren chick interview on CNBC. Is she a ma fan or a xi fan. I can't tell
If you have the Capital to buy and hold, then sure. I agree. I think BABA bottomed out.
My positions haven't been pumping with the DOW but I sure as hell expect them to go down 2% if the DOW goes down 50 points.
Is it too much to ask to double my account every day for a month? DAMN
BABA still has room...to fall.
“Say my name”
[deleted]
MT been sitting solid for a month, supposed to take off around March I hear, buy some 3-6 month calls
MVIS $$$$
For realz
Take the money you are spending on rewards and buy GME or at least a GameStop rewards subscription.  Who am i kidding, this retard isn’t going to stop. Whatever. 🚀🚀🚀🚀🌕🌕🌕🌕
It sounds like that’s all he’s been eating
i'll trim some fat EOD. Thanks!
Hey beans, fellow retard here trying to understand the lingo. I look up most things, but I can’t exactly understand the concept behind a pump and dump. Would you mind sharing your wisdom?
GG my brother.
I smoke weed and gamble on companies that make products I cant afford. Thanks but no thanks
The 47 wall on NiO is so serious rn...
Fuckin perfect
Elon is the king of all kings
[removed]
sold at 670 /:
BABA either finishes strong today and rally continues in overnight trading in HK.  Or stays flat/dumps and either causes HK to dump overnight.  Looking for significant volatility tomorrow.  Doesn't matter the direction.
There's only one trading day before 2021 so I think it's a fair bet to say SPY won't increase like 20% by tomorrow. The delta on SPY 420 calls are .002 which means the market is assigning that a .2% chance of happening.
I went from about $200k at the start of the year to $413k with mainly shares, lol. Sure options are fun and you dream of the home runs but I don’t Yolo my entire account on them because in reality I’m terrible at it. I just do a small percentage on options. I still try for the home runs but I’m starting to go with leaps now 😄
I guess a car company that sells a handful of cars each month is going to be a $1 trillion company. 🤷🏻‍♂️
market so frail hah
I told you fuckers about $HIMX:

[https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/k5j08h/some\_dd\_on\_a\_low\_marketcap\_gem\_himax\_technologies/](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/k5j08h/some_dd_on_a_low_marketcap_gem_himax_technologies/)
[deleted]
20th tsla pump in last ten minutes here....look for it to dump very soon, git ur putz
If this happens I'll do something dumb to make all the autists here happy...
I'm already up over 400% 🤑
[deleted]
Vix moves up with QQQ because the higher it gets, the more nervous people get, but then when QQQ goes down any amount, investors see it as a bargain, and sell their vix hedge and buy more QQQ.
$NET is just a tangled mess of $ROPE
Well what if GameStop starts producing its own restricted games? What if GameStop starts buying the rights to certain games?
Did people have a problem with The Legend of Korra S2 or was it something else? I find it another good season but kinda slow. I’m gonna finish the last episode later today.
ΒΝGΟ saved my portofolio

🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
I'm sorry I'm not a millionaire like you lol, I put my leftovers from PLTR, LGVW & MP trades into APHA. And sure, I remember Frankel's absurd take on the EV market last week. That doesn't mean that all authors from TMF are suddenly bad.
Anyone else buying SPY and QQQ puts as insurance to follow the herd?
Tattooed chef? xD
Just because 38M shares will be eligible for sale doesn't mean they will all be sold at once.  In fact, I bet the majority WON'T be sold. IME, few people sell all of their shares on the 1st day they're able to.  Some sell a little and keep most their shares.  Some people sell none.
You dropped one bro 🚀
This sub trades the same ten tickers tho, lmao.
Damn DIS fade....................................
That was what yesterday was for, retards.
It was just above it, the contracts were at like $800. Should have got in. I lost my touch on TSLA so I may stay away. I dunno.
No BBBY, thats down, youre supposed to go Up.
ban for being a tattle tell
Nice. This sell wall might disappear and really moon us
[deleted]
[deleted]
on the fucking day
[removed]
[deleted]
nice I'm in for the 3330c, been following it all day
PLTR 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
The most fun things are dangerous. Like 0DTE FD’s
TSLA is up cuz they probably gonna crush the 500,000 vehicle milestone
Yes, just enter your cc number and I'll ring those up for you
Where moon
Best thing ive seen all week
you are going to get a lot of reeeeeeeeeeeeing saying that lol
Complete speculation, so this is not a strategic play, but LAZR might be acquired by a bigger company like AAPL or TSLA.
[removed]
Just bought some more potato stock, LW.  Who doesn't love fries?
Awesome info! Thank you! 🥵🥶
You son of a bitch, I'm in!
Not really pumping if these retards have personally been bag holding for a month+ 

Most are genuine believers at this point / broke kids trying to win the lottery

*I am not involved in GME in any way*
ICLN printing
>My dog shit pays more than your cat shit

 My dog shit pays more than your cat shit
Man, these daily threads have lost a lot of the traffic they used to have. These few red days for meme stocks must have annihilated people
good catch. wtf is going on? im not loading up cuz i have no idea what is happening
Already up 40%
When does reality hit tsla?
has amzn been cleared for takeoff?
I bought shit ton of SHOP in 2017 so yea, totally. Easy 10 bagger!
My parents gave me $300 for Christmas and told me not to "invest" it. Well, weeklies really aren't "investing"
Hey is this guy gonna eat his own shit too?
[https://i.ibb.co/2t91z6g/image.png](https://i.ibb.co/2t91z6g/image.png)

Another big SPY same day dark pool share print

900,000 | $372.65 | $335,000,000
February and May are great stocks tbh
You have time to explain to a fellow retard what you mean by this?
It's fine if it takes a while? Downside is minimal.
Wtf does that mean
it's ok MSFT, you go up when you feel like it.
My dog shit pays more than your cat shit
I’m not gonna cash that stimmy check cuz I fuckin hate socialism, yo. Straight up. All my homies hate socialism. Now excuse me while I go collect cans for money.
I think Cohen can really ramp up the e-commerce business and he will be innovative and have foresight to probably enter e-gaming industry, I actually believe in the company now thx to him 

&#x200B;

AND I THINK WE CAN SHORT SQUEEZE MELVIN! lets go people this week is a FUCKING WAR! Buy buy buy, don't sell paper hand pussies
Dude There is a million stocks not that hard to be on the losing side fam 😂
Gotta have long dated calls on disney. Daily intraday swings don't mean much
Short the FCEL rip, retards.
Peloton is peasant trash, Woodway or bust
next stimmy to fund Autism cure. Stocks tumble
Its dangerous and sometimes fun
hey where can I get the original video?
Lol i just tank TSLA. Buying calls at the top, I'm so sorry guys, ill just sell goodluck.
NET
I'm down to run outside. I'm also down to run inside in my garage when its 30ish degrees outside too. Gyms being closed sucks.
Too risky
NET
No reason for Tesla to stop here
McConnell the type of guy to read through WSB all day reporting people who post SPAC tickers
[removed]
Dicks out for Nio
[deleted]
QS pls fly again!
That's literally me. 

I'm Genx, but it's painfully accurate. 

I used to be kinda a degen poker player in my youth,  and I enjoy watching you retards build up and win and lose massive pots.
[removed]
Fair enough. I have a 2022 30c that I'm selling calls against. Although mathematically my sentence still holds.
Baba gang should’ve gone NIO gang🇨🇳🇨🇳🇨🇳
Buy the FCEL dip retards
Highly speculative stocks are selling off.

Pharma was nailed yesterday and is remaining fairly flat today.  More speculative SPACs like SpaceMobile and TRI-T are all down.

Typically this forecasts a sell-off over the next few weeks, at least it did in October, same pattern.  I'd get out of your Jan 15th calls, personally.
Yea for sure. And dems wanted more accountability to the funds but it got poo poo'd by other people. It's just a joke how PPP was abused and it didn't need to be that way.
Arkg isn’t going back up
Tsla 700 eod buy calls now
Lol, i remeber when i used to invest in profitable companies
so glad I doubled my PLTR holdings yesterday :)
I have been promised a squeeze.
JL Warren Capital - China focused research firm.

They like to pump up all China stocks because thats all they do
[removed]
For?
[deleted]
I may be retarded but i dont speak retarded. Ban.
[deleted]
SHOP can you plz fly?
Sounds fun but dangerous
Ipoe
Sweet. Really helpful without the ticker.
fucking lol
baba preas fry again
“Stocks higher on hopes of vaccine-fueled recovery”

🤣🤣🤣🤡🤡 they just make up anything now.
Can NET pleas stop dumping for 3 straight days. Thatd be nice
All you autistic virgins posting DD on GME have no idea what you’re talking about
I’m up 10% on the day in mostly meme calls idgi
LOL yea man this morning has been crazy
These CNBC women all have super long faces. Ovals only or you’re fired.
That does look good but also seems to be restricted to US residents.
Bro! Lay off the drugs
it did for a moment... around 12:30 it will go below 680 if it hasnt borken 685 by then
China to cut crude steel production in 2021. Fuck my ass, where is Vito?
For one, plenty of religions would condemn it since it's against their teachings. Plenty of law makers are/have been religious.    
 
On top of that most polygamy laws originate from a time long ago. Many western states during expansion had a shortage of women, with some actively trying to get them to come to their states. Polygamy would have been seen as a problem in that regard, possibly reducing the rate of settlement.   

Whether any of that is right or wrong is another question, but these are some of the reasons. Obviously, religion is still a factor today. The second point is dated, but many current laws rest on dated ideas.
Buy stimulus neck with stimulus check
But if you sell a stock short it doesn’t show up in the sec filings right? The 13-F-HR just shows things you own like shares, calls, puts.
I sure am!
What to buy???
ill probably forget you exist in 15 minutes but ok
Yeah but dont sell when average volume is 12 mil and days volume is 2 mil. Its painful to see people see it dip -0.15% on 1/6 average volume
Go TESLA GO
 Some 667.5 1/8 calls
Yeah, I feel like all the news flamed out. Time to strap in
They can’t have an investment thesis if they go broke and have no money to short with long live GME 🚀🚀🚀
No.
For which ticker 🤪
Oh PLTR you rascal, I knew you'd sheepishly come back. Now keep moving, that mountain ain't going to climb itself.
Chinese people have always disliked Jack Ma for some weird reason. Just talked to a friend who has ties with the CCP, and he said that BABA's suppression is bad for the stock, but good for China. Hmm.... That worries me, for BABA holders. It'll probably return to 300+, but I think it'll take a while.
ARKF calls?
How is steel doing? Plays on CLF and MT?
My daily fuck you DKNG post
[deleted]
[removed]
Easiest way to gather followers on Twitter
Yes
Months ago in with RES I tagged you as "GME RESEARCH MAN" (in dark green because of all the money you make). This has proven true time and time again here, ST, Twitter, and in your podcast. 

And today, because of your contributions, I'm adding a rocket to your tag. 🚀 

Thanks for your DD!
its more like sliding around on the pool floor
MVIS bag getting lighter
Thank you Elon daddy
why are gas prices so high
he hates money
The Munchkin said direct deposits would start as early as Tuesday evening. How much do you want to bet that Georgian's will be seeing them before anyone else?
Everything setting up so textbook for beginning of January selloff
VIX staying elevated 
Bonds right on the edge of the bull flag looking to breakout
Once the dollar finds support its over
That makes a ton of sense now.

Thanks cycles for sharing your wisdom
WSB’a stimulus checks going straight into PLTR, apparently.
I think PLTR is just super leveraged of a stock rn.

Defense bill will only get passed if the 2k stimmy is passed.  So PLTR’s military contracts will be in limbo without the former, and all of wsb will buy a position with the 2k stimmy.  Thats a lot of upside if mcconnel isnt a cock
[deleted]
Too late to get in ?
sounds like the day.

meme stocks getting rekt
And just like that, TDOC stuck it in my wrong hole 

Edit: oh shit it’s my cake day let’s gooo
BABA puts on the menu
**ROKU**

**Roku**

ROKU

RoKu

rOkU

  
SAY IT WITH ME
haha saw it elsewhere on reddit but "Stocks and Prayers" might my new go-to term when greeting or saying goodbye
what do ppl use VIX for
Where my <$100 bull contracts? Need to park this ~~wealth~~ Taco Bell paycheck somewhere. Maybe a swiss bank?
Is swimming with ambien enjoyable
Fuck a stimulus check I need that stimulus neck
They’re raising their prices Jan 1. People are still gonna use it regardless of how much they bitch and moan. I also love how the article is from Seattle. Land of hypocrites. 

https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.seattletimes.com/seattle-news/transportation/embargoed-uber-raising-its-prices-starting-jan-1/%3famp=1
If you want to make money, go and buy NET for either February or May calls for 85c. You’ll be up huge in like two weeks.
When to buy spy puts
stick your fingers in my thrusher
[deleted]
Main reason is tax loss harvesting. This is purposely closing positions at a loss so you can lower your tax bill for the year.
or, "baba is asshoe"
Anyone with a chinese accent knows exactly what they're talking about when it comes to baba
Got eem! Lol
TSLA just reloading. 700$ EOW
I've been diamond hand holding since i bought in at $290ish
 [(1) G. Kennedy Fuld Jr., CFA, MBA, FMVA, FRM (@MemberSee) / Twitter](https://twitter.com/MemberSee) this guy seems alittle butthurt we're gonna fuck his wife
cheers
[deleted]
This literally isn’t moving. I’m just lighting money on fire now. My New Years resolution is to make $1 next year.
[removed]
Why is my brain so smooth 🧠
did you go cash gang?
Bezos fs
Yea I don't mean to be a dick about it just trying to be pragmatic. I mean at U12 club soccer if you haven't been playing since you were at least 9 you aren't making the local club top team unless you are insanely naturally gifted.
1/15 GH-IV 12.5c are a better bet
PLTR short squeeze imminent
kudlowe!
not for long.  200 here we come
Nope
Unfortunately I was one of the unlucky ones... Happy you were able to retain your job though! Many I know had their work/internships postponed or completely halted.
You are retarded. Straight up
Fuck this guy, but thanks for the pep talk. This retard cyrcle jerk just snorted a line of coke from your statement and we're amped to become your wife's new boyfriends.
rocket ship
all you people pumping game should feel bad
Only up 1% so far but it's better than the dick kicking I took yesterday.
BAC calls are trading at a discount right now
Dis wing way
13x 22c 1/15 - tards, how am I looking?
Who sold their UBER calls yesterday because they’re a paper handed bitch? 🙋🏼‍♂️
Maybe. Apparently BMWs sees a lot of issues over its life so I have stopped caring about BMWs now.
When they say broccoli is good for your joints, they aren’t talking about marijuana my dude.
Amzn to 3333
$2.5 dividend in my acct today... just enough for 1 more ARKF share 💪
If they are they are retarded
Prob because F C E L has lost money every year for the past 10 years, whereas bee has no track record for losing money yet.
Bro how on the day or all time
I've got 3x 220s for 1/15. Up 100% on them already. I might sell one and hold two.
This is the way.
thanks for your sacrifice
This is my very first comment on WSB and I just dumped $3K into GME shares. Let's pump this shit UP!!!
Woman on CNBC just said China is done messing with BABA.  It's a sign.
Hey we're all retards here. 

Yes! Part of the reason why most DD posts here are pushing for shares (in GME) is there is a large short percentage and those shares need to be held long
[removed]
[deleted]
BABA staying flat af
Anyone not buying Roku calls is NUTS
Congratulations, you've just stated the short thesis. 

Now, what would need to happen for you to reevaluate that thesis?
Mazda3/323/Protege
Looks like TSLA recharged for another run...
Picked up some FB Calls let’s see if they’re gay or not
Marry Elon
Fuck Cathie
Kill Bezos
Nvidia not when I decided to sell my contracts for lost 😭
All that money for all those degrees, just to make a stupid ass statement in which he will be proven wrong. Let’s go boys 🚀
NET is good at this price.. Itll be back to $100 soon enough
Because the tax year ends tomorrow, and they want to take their profits on some things, cut their losses on other things to reduce overall taxable gains
Puts are on a downtrend overall
Position?
Then why do you think it's impossible if you knowingly don't know anything about it?
[removed]
Can MSFT take some notes from AAPL and act like a proper tech stock
If no thesis on why it should drop, I'd cut my losses. Beginner here so careful taking my words for good.
You cucks fucked baba up for everyone
TSLA > $1000 by the end of 2021! mmw
#BAN
What if my options aren't totally naked but are erect?
No matter who you are you are below the party. 

Screw that.
What does this mean
They been mad
Ban. Under 1BN market cap.  
  
Rule 4:  
No non-reporting penny, microcap (Less than $1BN Market Cap), OTC stocks, low volume options, cryptocurrency, or any other worthless securities that are susceptible to scams or pump & dump schemes.
Don’t worry about lock up.  Look at lemonade. Also major shareholders are already wealthy. Key.
Moooooom! Tsla’s doing it again!
M3 still nice tho right?
make
[removed]
How can I trust someone who doesn't say moon or  🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀. Going to take a payday loan real quick.
Thanks!
Well, it seems like its gonna be flat all day... Im going back to sleep!
Now do IWM
I sold my BILI options yesterday...
Overbought, headline news blows, tax harvesting, and more
There’s 500 shares of gme floating around, big money has to short 1000 shares. They’re gonna have to buy some from us to get the amount to sell
They sound retarded. Never heard a model 3 be referred to as a 3 series.
Deciding whose hotel room to go to after dinner
Does it count if I hunt for bear hunters and use their hunting grounds to find the bulls their bears are hunting?
Down 40% FUCK
I love you guys, seriously
They don’t work, so they can shitpost all day long.
WHAT DOES IT DO, MASON?! WHAT DOES IT DOOOO?!
End him
weird how no one talks about Chicken Genius yet. that guy got the balls to show his portfolio and went balls deep on TSLA back in 2019
promise?
Can't believe spy is still trading sideways...
Weird how charging stocks, fuell cells on fire and 🐝🐝🐝  is not.  Thinking about upping my stake.
[deleted]
positions?
Jesus Christ. Your long assets would be used as equity against your margin. This is one of the stupidest posts I’ve seen in a while.
I'm out of the loop. If physical games stop selling, what is GME going to do?
It’s ok BABA, 237 isn’t going to hurt you. Go closer to it
yes for sure, lots to look forward to in Jan. think it will close tomorrow below $26 tho
Saw this too. But we have the stimmy catalyst right now so idk
Why do you think it would?
Newly minted autist reporting for duty.  Funded my Roth IRA 2 weeks ago and split my positions between a handful of stonks mentioned here, including GME.  Waiting for the new year so I can max my contributions for 2021 and dump more into GME 🚀🚀🚀
COOL, THANKS MAN
You straight up trying scam other people in here with your pump and dump. It's you nobody likes.
Hold forever.
sorry but not really
Just waiting for that 10% day.
https://www.interactivebrokers.com/
[deleted]
Played out. Move on.
PLUG is similar, but only $1.5k in 2000
B N G O make me cooom
[removed]
Why aren't AMZN 12/31 3335 in the Robinhood option chain the fuq??
Qcom taking off 🚀🚀🚀
I mean...it’s flirting with it
Full day
Positions?
This video is from Scam 1992 Web series, Good flick on India's biggest Stock trader.
Fuck net, single stock erased a month of gains
It's Ass. Prof. thank you very much.
Nothing yet. Mitch, wheres my money?!?!
Those who bought dis puts at the top, you’re welcome 😇
[removed]
If they don’t have a steam competitor soon they are RIP. Look at last console cycle. Pump up for new console release, then look out below!
My MoUtH dUh
Its so weird lol
[deleted]
Apha
What’s your thinking? Continued tax harvest?
Could be worse, could be on the left coast and have 8 hours left.
It's posts like this that make me feel good about putting the majority of my money into leaps/shares
If the bee could fly again that would be great.
I'm only up 1.64% so far today, but that's over $4k chaching.
Man, I thought I was retarded. Good luck brother. I've got 1700 shares and am praying we both win.
Still a buy?
if you didn’t make money today, i’m not sure what you were doing
I dunno about the moon; I mean, this road has been fun, but I'd be happy with just a little 🚀 to get me account out of the red.
Textbook bull flag on GME 5 min
under $300
Pltr always goes sideways when nio moons. When nios done moonong pltr will gain. The stock gods are in power rn.
I'm going to need your healthcare, comrade
Reddit crashed reading these comments, too many awards.
Yo i asked a question, you can just say yes you know?

But yes, I'm retarded.
This CNBC guest is basically saying China is not done fucking BABA
Can we please get a power hour today!?
Get FUKT
AMD TSLA coming back to life. FeelsGoodMan
Picked up another 50 GME! Let's go!
Did chamath sell again
And the foursome afterwards 😎
You ever wonder what’s happened to all the boogers you’ve picked over the course of your life
Vix creeping. May be a repeat of yesterday
We'll see who's laughing...
thinking about fomo into baba
Need to break and hold 47
"u should have bought lower...and sold higher..."

Fking autist
What do any of the online game hubs PlayStation, Xbox, Microsoft, steam, etc have to benefit with partnering with GameStop?

I don’t think GameStop’s name holds much value and it lacks a competitive advantage to entering the online sales market seeing as A. It doesn’t produce any games and B. It doesn’t have its own gaming system to restrict games only to be purchased from them
GUHcrosoft and GUHdex GUHing me in the ass today
A company like VLDR is begging for a buy out. right?... 4b market cap. If google wants that, its going to gobble.
Half day tomorrow yeah?
[deleted]
[removed]
This mf is gonna go on wsb again just to see everyone roasting his ass
Think Palantir will get bought out by the big boys when it hits non-gov markets as a proof of concept.

Quality data analytics with actual use case will be a big value add to data capture firms (ie, everyone).

With google no longer caring about do no evil, they might be an interested party, maybe.
Ty daddy elon for the $1600 gain today. Who needs stimulus checks when tsla calls exist?
Bruh I’m a retard I needed it dumbed down

So if I’m reading this correctly, you buy calls when you know people are investing in the shares and holding?
ty
give me gold I buy 500 shares rn
TWTR trading retarded as usual
They can rot either way for being idiots. When bullshit hits the fan you step away from the fucking fan. Not shove your face in it.
Are ye green son?
RC made a large investment and sees overhaul ability and / or untapped value in their extensive Rolodex of customer data
Clearly you have no concept of the value of time and money, why are you even here?
Noticed people getting leveraged bull certificates on DAX, so could be expecting a bounce back.
Can NET just have like a single +3 day or a run of +0.75-1.50 days?
Of course. I understand. I appreciate your post and thank you for the information, I learnt a lot from your posts and comments past few weeks. I was just curious on your take on my situation.

I will keep those shares under Saxo margin and look to add more under my own cash account when able to. Thanks.
Glad PLTR hasn't shit the bed for once but that volume seems a pretty low
Obviously. No one talks about the brand for douchbags anymore
LOL same
Oh shit thats great. Now i dont mind you spending money on reddit awards. You do you
I raised my price target on PLTR to $51. I came to this valuation by taking the current price and multiplying by 2
Imagine sitting at a table with Bezos, Elon, and Cathie and having dinner and drinks.
If the chart has a cockload of green bars in a row, it’s probably too late.
invest in weed infrastructure, not growers. weed is too competitive and there's no brand loyalty for products.

$SSPK, $HYFM, $GRWG
Just be aware if you buy atm TSLA weeklies you need TSLA to get to 700 by tomorrow or you lose money. And if it doesn't get there like right now you will be posting a loss due to theta up until the last minute. If you aren't literally a retard you should look up the Sharpe Ratio and see how TSLA has performed vs. just SPY recently. Here's the cliff notes version. TSLA gains haven't been worth the risk since inclusion.
All the deals were yesterday. I am just watching them trendies print now...
I’ve Jan 15  bidu calls and I’m not selling
I much prefer PUBM
Another day another nickel!
Rip
I don't think fidelity lends out your shares even on margin.  I have a margin account with GME shares and I was interested in if my shares were shorted.

Found this on the lending program:  [https://www.fidelity.com/trading/fully-paid-lending](https://www.fidelity.com/trading/fully-paid-lending)

requested more info  and got this email the next day.  I'm not signing!  :  [https://imgur.com/a/16kwttG](https://imgur.com/a/16kwttG)
That shit is like half the Roth for ya boy, hope it keeps mooning
I'm so pissed. I had calls options for amzn, apps & tsla


Only problem was they expired last week
It's very bad, you need to put it all in NKLA FDs and pump those numbers
PSTH in the uterus formation.  Getting ready to birth tendies
[deleted]
PENIS IN SUIT CONFIRMED - SHORT THE HORSESHOE BALDING PATTERN
Has anyone received their socialist money yet?
[deleted]
Shit you good.. it's moving.
Uh excuse me gme I bought another 5 shares why are you still going down
Back when I owned a DVD player I would use redbox out of convenience...
no
No one likes people like you
Nigga really wants to play the game against 1.5million retards with stimulus checks? The balls on this one.
[removed]
Done.
He’s an angry penis.
Be careful out there gents

🌈🐻

https://imgur.com/gallery/sqIrVqu
 NET looks pretty good at this price.
could be better
AAND off goes bionano, should be 1b cap by next week at this rate.
[removed]
And that’s why i don’t trade options and I only trade bull chip stocks. That way I can wether the storms #StonksOnlyGoUp
SSPK, Weedmaps
[deleted]
naw shawty we bleedin all the way to 2021
Ever get assigned?
Im feelin old, when someone says a 3 series, are they no longer talking about BMW and mean Tesla model 3 ????
FCX on the rise
sorry but can u explain to a retard why do people close position for tax?
Lol you have to learn how bid and ask works.
Do you even internet?
[deleted]
I think DM has just given up on life
dont humble brag phaggot
205p
Is the market open until 1 pm tomorrow like last week?
[deleted]
🚀🚀🚀
buzz buzz
I like my AAPL 🍏 not 🍎
He’s clearly a smooth brain.
I got in and out of some 215s. What calls are you holding?
Yep. A last ditch effort to lend some credibility to the voter fraud theory which has been debunked multiple times over.
onem is ez money
no
[removed]
No, it is a loss if it goes above 705. The goal of a butterfly is to have the price as near to the short strikes as possible. That's where the profit is.
TSLA put??? Who is this heathen! Let's burn this blaspheming bastard at stake!!!!
What’s the strike
Strike and date
You should sell, then it will. Or buy more, then it won't.
It's time if ever to go all in. No one likes a receding hairline.
Bingo about to hit 500m volume with a 150m float 👀
I won’t but thanks
Remind me after earnings.
TttttttTtttttCcccccFffff   is the way to guy you libtards
Tell me what to buy and why dammit
NIOOOOOOOOO💦💦💦💦💦💦💦💦💦💦💦💦💦💦🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Mitch the bitch is what you get in when you cross a lizard with one of those deep sea fish from the bottom of the ocean and genetically modify it into a humanoid form.
Nio mooning
BYE BYE BABA, GO PINDUODUO !!!
Then you give her a second chance and quickly learn why you left in the first place
Yes. I just bought weeklies
Me too. The calls ive sold have helped ease the pain
pain
Mostly ARKG, but also IPOC, TDOC and some other random shit.
Not a joke: 100% of spy gains since March have been outside market hours, if you add up all the price action during normal hours vs after hours and futures.
depends how much daddy gave you
Simple - what they do and excel at is very necessary.
Is a 22 year old asking stupid questions bad?
Wtf rmo get your ass back up there
[deleted]
AAPL is that you rising from the dead?
3340 for tomorrow purchased. Was 6.75
REEEEEEEEE

heavy too.

Thank fuck my OR calls printed today or I'd be down
Apparently!
[deleted]
ya don't fuck it up
Does the market close early tomorrow?
This is the chance to load up more 700 call
Trapping more longs?
PLTR leap
The Georgia run-off election is going to pump VIX to the moon in early January.  Get in retards, we're going for a ride.
30 shares and linking motley fool. Good luck ?
6. sold half keepin the rest until bigger drop
What the hell is going on with NET?
What’s your favorite SPAC rn?
Just answer my question wtf
Can someone translate all the GME stuff to retard for me?  Still new to all this and I'm not understanding why WSB thinks it's going to the moon.  Isn't Gamestop dying?
Tesla Nio just moon everything and end 2020 with a bang!
Mr doctor over here
[deleted]
Damn. Missed out on a good gain. I still think it has legs. There is no doubt to me it breaks $100 in ‘21. Might not be as big but still gainz to be had
Fuck off
Lower avg price doesn’t show losses... hmm
How do I buy so far OTM on IBKR? It doesn’t show
I feel like Mr. Krabs staring at my portfolio all day.
I FUCKING SOLD MY TSLA 680cs YESTERDAY. I’M SO FUCKING AUTISTIC.
Just plug your drive in like usual then go to BIOS settings and select it as boot drive
Time for the daily MT tank to erase all am/pm gains 😒
lol I bought some baba calls yesterday and sold them at open today for a nice profit. 

There's always gonna be some news from China that tanks BABA, not worth holding long term, take profit and wait for the next opportunity. Baba is the Boeing of Chinese stocks.
TSLA BEARS R SOOO MAD RN
I’ve owned just about every model BMW and I can tell you that once I went TSLA I will never go back. 

The BMW 3 series is a great car but the model 3 is basically a laptop on wheels. So much fun to drive.
idk who you are
This is place is like watching Doctor Who, everyone is on a re-tardis adventure
how you feeling now?
Fcel
[deleted]
[deleted]
That theory has been fairly accurate in predicting price movement without unforeseen major catalysts. Especially for FD’s.

Good luck you’re going to need it.
My ARKG 110c 115c 2/19 coming back to life, PLUG 35c 3/19 on the backup 👍
I’m making progress
Receding hairline is angry
[deleted]
TSLA oh fuck you’re going to make me FOMO
Actually woke up at 4 am today, and not by choice. But since I was up, just stayed up.
Why the fuck would you buy that
Sure hope so. Loading up on OKTA leaps
Don’t you guys realise he might just try to pump GME, by lowkey telling yall to buy it?
I'm down 30% tho
He really does look like a penis in a suit
let’s check back in and see how he’s feeling now
8====**GME**====**ICLN**====**QQQJ**===✊=🚀💦💦💦
I feel missed opportunities in the markets make me a cuckold
But there aren't more of us than there are of them. Anymore, the vast majority of this sub is shill accounts and 18 year olds who panic when they realize they have to tell their parents about their trading losses.

More importantly, the buy and hold strategy has worked exceptionally well for Apple stock. The goal in this game is to make money. If buying and holding works for a stock, then it makes sense to do that.
“No one talking about”,
3x gains in last 3 months...
[removed]
can PLTR just go up to 30 by close like the good ol days
TSLA puts locked and loaded, fucking drop you stupid piece of shit.
Why? For some reason I like the idea
Thank you for the kind words. The reality is it doesn't matter much what WSB does at this point because the price has re-rated by enough that it's been durably above the $1B threshold which has more eyeballs from bigger institutions on it. Senvest isn't in it for a quick flip and surely Hedgeye's institutional clients see their ~$50 fundamental price as achievable, too. I'm with you, the fundamental story is far stronger than the FUD would lead one to believe. Once 4Q shows the positive y/y performance, even amid Covid and supply challenges, I think that we'll see even more buyers. Plus my take is that RC Ventures isn't the type to be placated--we're looking at proxy 2.0 and there's no way for the short position to escape this quandary they find themselves in. I just hope the WSB paper hands realize that this was never a one or two month swing but a fundamental re-rating play with a unique short squeeze option built in.

EDIT: The shorts can 'escape', but none of the routes lead the price down, IMO.
Tomorrow yes Friday no
Leaps?
[deleted]
Grimes gave Musk that slurp gurp and said we goin to mars 🚀
I hope we're trolling TF out this boomer on twatter
1k play?
Interesting.

If you don’t mind me borrowing some knowledge really quickly, what would be the deciding factor between buying calls or buying shares?

Like, is there a set reason to do one over the other
8k in $40 feb calls.. selling for profits and adding to $50 leaps if I can
Why are there so many dumb Marxists all over Reddit
Pltr is being a pussy ass stonk
BUY SHARES!!! 

&#x200B;

WE NEED TO BUY ALL THE SHARES REMEMBER THAT!!!
[removed]
TSLA is that ex that dumped your ass
Surely he made a typo -  Should have been -

 "terrorist fighting organizations like ICE and the Dept. of Homeland Security, etc. "

Just giving him the benefit of the doubt.
anybody consider buying ZM at these levels?
monthlies and leaps
Rest In Peace to all the autist who thought Tesla was going to crash after it became implemented into the Shit $ Piss 500. Please leave black flowers at my grave
Man I swear people just turned their heads while we went through that 695 to 575 drop. I can't blame them as we all were in very bad disrepair.
So are futures the only place anything happens with SPY anymore?
just saw pictures of that landslide in Norway.. yikes...
If dems clinch this Georgia senate race I have a feeling 2021 will be the year of the weed stonks 😚💨
DKNG Stoppppp 🥺
Because Cathie’s brain hot as hell
THBR
Why is this thread so limp dick today?
no volume though
What if he's a mad genius, and this is just reverse psychology?
Well I just went Red. Why do the stonk gods hate me
No, ex dividend date was yesterday. Hence the sell off that occurred yesterday. No real reason to sell for dividends now because if you owned stock before yesterday you will be receiving the dividend
My brain hurts from this 😸
Crazy how quick it recovered
Is market open tomorrow? or friday?
buy shares.

&#x200B;

If it dips buy MORE SHARES!!!

&#x200B;

WE NEED SHARES PEOPLE!!

&#x200B;

100 share ganggang reporting in o7
Don’t believe in that theory
Spy 180 P
What will be really interesting is to see if Sony and Microsoft make an customizable console, it’s still hard for me to believe that they would just stop the production of consoles (because of their giant following)

Edit: but I guess that would just be a PC? Idk
The more old rogain taking Boomers say they are shorting something the more confident one should be. The guy can't even save his own hairline.
I think Europe is going to correct, DAX kept getting sold off with big red dildos after climbing.
Before I got involved with this subreddit I randomly saw they went IPO and was super happy because I love their products and bought some shares. I was an idiot as I should have put more into them.

I think I sold the shares when it was around 30.
A statement equally true at any point in the last 5 years.
Somebody tell him position or ban
What does clocking mean
no. more for like 8 hours.
2$ a share won’t make anyone sell
[removed]
PLTR! All those days refueling for this?! Give me 10+% or give me debt!
That guy can fuck off, just bought 25 shares
[removed]
[deleted]
hahah I almost exclusively trade flies, spreads, and sell premium. I'm all about reducing my exposure to loss - I'll take consistent $250-500 trades than one 10k win and 20 1k losses.
Everyone here is making thousands of trades this year only to see their portfolio at -40% when all you had to do was buy TSLA to be +700% for the year .. one single trade
With a magic trick I will transform TSLA ==> PLTR
[deleted]
Anyone else with PLTR calls? Who thinks it will see $30 in January?
Bro.... you went full retard. Are you really buying meme stocks, then trying to do analysis of hedge funds? Thats like being a tendie fryer at Wendy's with a GED, and talking about haute cuisine in pre-industrial Paris....
If you ever feel dumb about your trades just remember that someone somewhere bought all 5 of Motley Fools hot stocks recommendation
Tesla to $700 eoy madda fakkas!!!
GUH still diamond-handing AAPL and NFLX calls
how did this happen? How did we enter a paradigm where 500k worth of cars means a stock will shoot towards a trillion dollar valuation? This is fucked
just to understand, this makes $$ if TSLA goes before 695 or above 705 by tomorrow right?
TSLA puts are fucked
Green energy having a good day today
BB + NOK  = boomer stock res*Erections*??
Max pain is at 372. So you’re fucked unless some major news forces downward action in the next 48 hours.
Bought some shares and immediately lost a bunch of money  👍 

Moon time baby
Whoops I meant Europe.
Oh I get it. 3 series as in a Tesla? they always called the BMW 3 series, I have no problem if its a new Model 3 Tesla.
no less than 100 shares.
You do realize PRPL rocketed after WSB stopping paying attention.

You can see exactly where the WSB purple gang came in and left on the six month chart.
Trading much more closely w QQQ today
TSLA is that ex you regret breaking up with.
I'm holding Calendar Calls. I know what you mean. I'm profitable from 505 to 542
3 days after EOQ
These idiots won't listen. 🤷‍♂️
Yes. Shares held will make price go up
Going bankrupt. Actually they’d just blame WSB instead of accepting their thesis was wrong.
700c still pretty cheap
Just sold at the top my guy 🙏🏻
Im 4 for 4 on buying T FDs at the very top.
[removed]
So ARK dividend pays tomorrow? So we are expecting a sell off tomorrow?
If you place words upon the digital expanse intending to incite the less mentally handy and their management of fates of executive portions of society, and thou shalt receive unto your wife the cocks of Jupiter.
Yup
Glad someone sees exactly what I am seeing. This is pretty much spot on to my prediction right now with this play, I'm waiting for this dip to hit lows before entering huge. I think we might trade sideways or down a bit for the next couple weeks. Just checked my crystal ball🔮
Goes without saying
Thats actually big.
\>end of the holiday season  


\>why is a shipping company stock going down
Always has been 🍆
I wanna get into Cannabis, but these Canadian companies are limited to Canadian growth. The US market is closed state by state, and if it were federally legalized, likely there’ll be a lockup period for the bigwigs to setup shop beforehand.  Probably IPOs from existing weed companies in the US.

Oregon as an example produces a huge surplus, of it becomes legal, they can drop that surplus into the federal market.

So yeah, I can’t see Canadian companies getting much of a look into US markets.

If I were into this stock, I’d hold until feds legalize then dump it the day after.
Been buying the dip the past week. Let go!!!
AAPL green!
KEEP PUMPING TSLA YOU DEGENERATES!!!
[removed]
It's not exactly pumped.  Each share is worth $20 if the entire SPAC goes tits-up.  A 20% pump on a stock that could literally go to $100 overnight is nothing.
I think so too.
this dudes a bitch on everything he posts on, look at that mofos hair, i mean come on
BIDU 🚀
That's what I meant about paying thousands of dollars to cover the margin. But yeah, it's not like robinhood accounts are free reign to short. You still have to cover it
[deleted]
NIO waking up
Ban.  Under 1BN market cap.
  
Rule 4:  
No non-reporting penny, microcap (Less than $1BN Market Cap), OTC stocks, low volume options, cryptocurrency, or any other worthless securities that are susceptible to scams or pump & dump schemes.
Totally. I’ve been in leaps at $7.50c since before the election run up.
bro u still in that? lol
I've pondered long and hard on this one and I think I have discovered where I went wrong: I believed that NET would soon go up bigly, whereas in reality it soon went down bigly.
just think if u fat-fingered and bought fcx instead of fdx..you'd be roll'n
TSLA short loss harvesting squeeze imminent
Does JD have room to run?
[deleted]
MVIS on a mission 🚀
MUSK DADDYYYY
Pissed i sold at $30
new account with zero positions shown.

if OP is legit, how hard is showing some positions compared to making multiple texts with long posts?

used to believe, now i'm skeptical. cuz i noted how other posters hyping up MT are new accounts too. coincidence?
Rotation back into tech.
it definitely will in a moment...
Full day to short the market
Lol I’m done for at 2k put rest in Nio
Tsla goes up and spy goes down? Boooo should be more than 1%
NET coming to its support?
It is maintaining the 75 support really well, its time to buy for sure
TSLA 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
full
it did drop it just recovered really quickly
Going to be a lot of people being completely fuk next time baba dumps. Don't say we didn't warn you.
Apparently itll keep running... I'm holding to see if there is news AH.
are you me?

[https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kn09ji/daily\_discussion\_thread\_for\_december\_30\_2020/ghi29b0/?context=3](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kn09ji/daily_discussion_thread_for_december_30_2020/ghi29b0/?context=3)
[deleted]
Wants it this week
How many
Got 100 shares.  I'm doing my part to fuck the 🌈🐻
Oh. Don't click that. It's one of the early posts in here: https://archive.4plebs.org/o/thread/23256339/. Thumbnail is a picture of a car park.
TSLA 8000 strike call
🤦🏻‍♂️🤦🏻‍♂️🤦🏻‍♂️
Lmao dr patel
He got the bald gene from mommy though
Full day or short day tomorrow?  Nevermind full day
Thoughts on $PENN?
there *are* people who bought today

yes there are
holy shit someone else trading flies

rarely see that here usually it's just naked calls
What the fuck is wrong with these melvins thinking they can outdo WSB? they are fucking the wrong autist hedge fund
Anyone just stare at their work computer for 2 hours while accomplishing absolutely nothing?
Fml 🤦‍♂️ bidu u actually ruined my week
Some people can't read. Buy shares!
NIO NIO
T
Let’s get that update we’ve all been waiting for.
Elon’s a billionaire he can fuck supermodels why would he choose a geriatric
Tragedy of the commons incoming :(
BABA and TSLA. Rotate into FOMO!
With these paper handed motherfuckers?
So much for TSLA dropping after inclusion.
[deleted]
Must be the pop from the knicks being in Soul
Inshallah Habibi
Has anyone made a master list of all unprofitable companies? I'm trying to find where to dump all my life savings and don't want to do work first
$USO

Oil is still dirt cheap.
Yes, I ordered my new model Y on 12/25 Xmas morning and the car was ready to be picked up at the service center the very next day.
TSLA bout to hit 700 EOD
Be cause it’s true
[removed]
Dr. PP liked it ....
[removed]
Where should I put my $4.20 in?
B N G O ftw again
God Speed. Send us her only fans in 2 weeks
And that’s bad
False. Not even in same class as BABA or JD.
No cloud computing
😤
[removed]
Tsla starting that pre delivery climb it does
Those fake azz futures yesterday really fkd me gud
You just reminded me I have 5 hours of work left. Fuck
Uhhhh holy fook ... is Elon and Cathie fucking right now?
This guy is a troll, but we still going to prove him wrong. Stimmy going right into more GME shares🚀🚀
Technically correct is the best kind of correct.

But fuck Nikola. They've had 3 scandals, each of which deserved to send their share price to 0.
he clocks about 120k a month. yeah, he's a baller
Hello Sir, this is Wendys
Don’t doubt the TSLA vibe 😤
NET wants to move. Needs to move.
The problem with Dorsey, (well not necessarily a problem but a business problem nonetheless) is that he is very generous when it comes to the benefit of the people. Very liberal dude which isn’t a bad thing, but given that Tidal is a company that supports the musicians I can see Dorsey overpaying for it. I also want to add that this is obviously unlikely. As liberal as he is, business comes first for these billionaires whether they admit it or not. Just something to be weary of.
372
Go back up you absolute slut market
Ban.  
    
Rule 4:  
No non-reporting penny, microcap (Less than $1BN Market Cap), OTC stocks, low volume options, cryptocurrency, or any other worthless securities that are susceptible to scams or pump & dump schemes.
Next month is gonna be ridiculous
FDX and CRM, name a more iconic duo of SHIT. These are great companies taking GIANT SHITS FOR A MONTH STRAIGHT!!! FUCK MY ASS!!!!!!!!!!
[deleted]
Yolo on tard, yolo on
Appreciate it! That makes sense. I’m a old gen console gamer who doesn’t have any Corsair stuff but I didn’t buy next gen console as I was considering building a PC. Maybe many others fall in this boat too.
[removed]
Ragrats. I had 10 contracts about to fill for PDD. Cancelled last minute.
BIDU taking off like a mafucka
💎❤️ **ICLN** LEAPs ❤️💎
people are talking enough about TSLA hulk dick right now
Today
[Rammstein - Deutschland](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NeQM1c-XCDc)  
mmmmm
Nothing negative phases this market at all anymore.
heart attack
NKLA so easy to hate
They put a bodykit on a Tesla and make it look like it's their own vehicle... but have it really far in the distance so nobody can really see.
just when i think TSLA is a boomer stock it comes and does this
0 DTE too
JNJ gravy train
Its one position and its a gamble and plenty of time between now and feb for it to drop $3.00
Tsla 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
is the new meme... MSGE? Madison Square Garden Entertainment. It's pumped 6% 5 days in a row
I would wait for the Jan 5 elections in Georgia. If the Democrats don't take the senate they cant federally pass any legalization, and they have to win both seats in a red state to do it. I think all weed stocks will tank temporarily if they lose. Might be a better time to buy.
I WILL NOT FOMO, I WILL NOT FOMO, I WILL NOT FOMO... BRB I gotta buy some TSLA
I see, the good ‘ol ‘sending thoughts and prayers’ for GME
[deleted]
Who just openly announces they plan to lose money?
warrants were a dollar less a few days ago, idk
I fell for the squeeze rumors bruh. Just needed it to grind up to 27-28+ before tomorrow. Wasn’t an unrealistic play. Was only down slightly before the major reversal yesterday.
If it goes back below 680, I’m in.
Exactly that’s what I’m sayin
Quadruple witching all over again.
Tesla really waiting for me to fomo in before crashing
Theta decay on these bidu puts is insaneeee
Wetzel makes good money tho. Id see nothing wrong with that. And 100 plus anything is probably making money. But just 1 Subway would be sad, and most lose money
Theoretically, could Melvin suppress the price long enough for a market correction to take place (which would potentially sink the price)?
[deleted]
🤡
Good thing too because he about to find out.
Give me a vintage NET PLTR day for old times sake
TSLA 700 C paying 🥰
You're literally an ant to them. Do you go outside and laugh at the insects eating garbage?
Melvin only has like ~0.6% of their portfolio in GME short positions. They aren't using margin to do it or struggling to pay the fees to short GME.
Baba dipping back to 220?
Though one... it very resonable... it all depends on the iPhone sales i guess
A single trade doesn’t make you a bear
fomo is a hell of a drug
papa musk with the save
Shares better than calls?
💎 TLRY  💎
I'm looking at the very short term, as in a return to the weekly/monthly average
That green dildo on my TSLA calls nohomo
Tesla, nkla
Best to only drive those for a year and then replace 👍
[removed]
Yes
I'm heavily medicated, it keeps me from going full spectrum.
This is true for NIH researchers. Statute says they have to spend 10% on it. True story
[deleted]
Oh fuck here comes that 5 hour slow bleed
yeah lol they bought the brewery
Weed stocks still suck. You guys are way too early
Unless it's a Telsa. Those aren't the worst investments lol.
Hopefully will make up for my other retarded tech January and February calls
[removed]
TSLA 🚀
Think FDX is about to bottom out? Pretty strong support around $260
He shud stop giving gold awards and buy his fucking daily mandatory shares of GME!
Maybe if you bump your 30 share position to 30000 OTM calls expiring January then I'll consider it
Since when did any of this make sense
So when is TSLA releasing its delivery numbers? Its usually a couple weeks before earnings right?
You bears never learn
Oh shit TSLA.
Tsla 12/31 655p
Some men were born to fuck and some men were born to cuck. Tim Apple was born to cuck.
😂
MU $90c for 07/21!

this time it *has* to work
I also am watching CNBC today
Bought moderna calls for a pop next week when it is approved in the EU.
Yeah I fully agree tbh. This sub allows some sketch shit.
Hedge
TURD squeeze initiated
There won't be a twitter if 230 gets repealed. They will be sued into oblivion.
[deleted]
[removed]
[rammstein - sonne](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=StZcUAPRRac) my personal favorite
delivery number run... so should moon to 720 or something...
I don't care if a stock goes up 15% and down 20% the next day, I just need the dopamine
GME hype is PRPL level retarded. Yeah sure there’s potential upside if Cohen actually sparks a rebranding/overhaul, but that’s not gonna fuckin matter for you if you just keep doubling down on weeklies 15% OTM
Wait... youre not supposed to buy at the peak?
Why?
is anyone even seeing what TSLA is doing?
I totally did! Sorry, touchy subject for me and feeling the vaccine side effects. My apologies, Turtlesaur
who looks at volume.

See a ticker mentioned a few times, jump in and buy. Rinse and repeat.
Only if you like edging
Ok my bad
[deleted]
GOEV with the Mt. Doom pattern on the daily chart
Again, praise be to the person who made this gif.  For they are truly to lord of memes
[deleted]
2021 hands down. The 3 years or 36k miles of free maintenance is worth it alone.
Ever since i started trading ive become a recluse that stares at numbers 5 days a week.  If i dont get rich from this then tie up my clown shoes for me.
Who are those 2 chicks supposed to be lmao
It was a joke, but thanks for the serious reply I guess
Can’t even find his own hair
How are u even gonna make money of that it’s so high risk theta will murder u before u make money
Can’t talk you out of it, it’s the safest yolo out there. Boomer made, autist supported, factory explosion is the only thing between us and hella tendies
rOtAtIoN tO vAlUe
Why?
[deleted]
Thanks for the honest advice, much appreciated good sir
come again ?
Make numbers big again!
[removed]
Then its ok. You can tell people you own that regions Subways which sounds a little baller
PLTR hasn’t sold off!
if you got pltr shares just hold you will be good only options is the risky play
Who ya gonna charge? Ghostbusters?
I feel like it’s a bad time to buys TSLA rn🤔
FCX - time to shine copper gang!
Antitrust regulations
R D H L fucking my account up the last two days
The last few weeks have been pretty decent for me - averaged $1,400/wk for the end of November and all of December. Mostly flat other than long term stock holds and cash secured puts for stocks I hope to get assigned. Decided to end the year with some lotto plays - BUY +3 BUTTERFLY TSLA 100 (Weeklys) 31 DEC 20 695/700/705 CALL @.20 LMT. 

Risk 60 bucks for 3 TSLA butterflies with max profit of $1,200, I'll take that risk
AAPL go green u sob
Yeah then you already know how NIO typically behaves , especially recently. I also think with shortened market hours tomorrow, we will see lower volume. I also just don’t trust NIO in the short term right now, too much price movement, this would be the only way I might play NIO, playing both sides or opening spreads. Or you could maybe wait next week when we could see price surges because of NIO day.
Good time to buy BFT?
retards downvoting because they dont know how SPACs work... nor do they realize this is one of the biggest SPACs ever
I’m listening..
[removed]
Alright, who the hell us pumping apple, let it die, geez 😭
America
ICLN 35 2022
🤖
Yeah I don't think Dorsey is an idiot that would pay too much for a shitty music company. But I do like his direction. They are scooping tax companies and now music companies possibly. Some investors will get shaken out for sure but long term its a great play.
Congrats theta gang. Market won’t dump, and valuations too high for any big upside move. This
ill buy leaps when my monthly yolos get me that sweet capital.
90s BMW with the manual transmission, make sure you get the inline-6.
Eh it’s going to be a bit of a moot point as run offs will have a bit impact one way or the other.  Any cannabis play is a bet on the runoffs at this point.
RKT no question
The guy months ago who drop huge DD for Cinamark calls  for going into December, you're a prophet! Show yourself
Safer than baba
2019 for sure.

But if your're spending that much I'd go for the 4 Series Gran Coupe - one of the best cars out there.
[deleted]
Strike? Exp?
Expected to beat 500k deliveries
Luckin Coffee
Only tendies for me. Of which I see none here
I know, as soon as i see MTs stock spiking, i cant help but think of vitos posts. At the very least i feel like i should buy as much stock as i can
Big tech were mooning for a few days??
You kids should never have been vaccinated
Please can anyone explain how PDD keeps doing this? How?
I have a break even of $165 9/22. Should I feel pretty safe about that?
Class action lawsuit filed today. Free money to go short now.
LOL Communism and Cash are like Oil and Water 😂
I wonder if the boys from Citadel get good laughs out of my trades at Robinhood
Sounds like a bag. Good luck, I hope it flies for you.
Damn that is going to print really hard.
$9K into SPY puts
Get woke. Go broke.  Not like the Chinese companies give a shit about diversity.
[deleted]
T-minus any day now when QS 🚀🚀🚀
Good recklessSpy, good.
If you want to be rich, buy CYBR! No profits, but the stock keeps going up, up, up!🚀🚀🚀
[deleted]
[deleted]
I agree with the others. There are so many factors at play. Some logical, and some illogical, and you have to include all possible information into an equities price before you can make a determination. 

And this only looks at one part of the equation.
Disney flatlining, those who bought puts at the top you’re welcome
today everything is green but small green no big pumps. Money is being pumped more evenly distributed, kudos to everyone who got stayed in. Memes pumping a little.
had calls, paper handed. 😣
[deleted]
15c 2/19
Why is everything but big tech up? Help a smooth brain like me understand, please
I am already up over 350% 🤑
I dont understand, are you replying to the wrong person?
probably done running for now, why invest in a stock that literally tripled in price in 2 days?

on the other hand, I did some research into their new diagnostic tech and it sounds really promising, so it's actually not a bad long term hold.
If i sell it should be the 580 590c, ride out the 490 i guess

https://i.imgur.com/Lhvqjw4.jpg

E: damn just hit 680 lol
Haha fair - I'm up 9% today and every day for the past week and a half I have started out -3% then it takes a shit down to -5% or -7% to close.
It’s worked for me
[removed]
It's not in finance though so I'm just as capable of losing money.
Yea, only been going up for a month straight
> Sells software to terrorist organizations like ICE and the Dept of Homeland Security, etc.

seethe
Companies should make products people should make change
You guys can read?
[deleted]
If you went to school with all of the stocks, which stock would you stuff in the garbage can and take their lunch money?
True haha
[deleted]
RIP
Wdf is wrong with NET?
[removed]
"What in the hell's 'diversity'"?  
*-Brian Fantana, Anchorman*
BIDU, PDD, BILI what the hell I thought we hated China now

Nope, just BABA getting fucked on, the rest of China just continues to zoom up. Insane. Wish I never sold any of those.
Mmm I’m a breakout trader.. I don’t go into a burning building just because it’s going to be rebuilt. I’ll go there once the damage is done and the sellers have exhausted their efforts 😏 volume average is a great indicator for this but it’s not fool proof
Didn't daddy blow up a major US bank?

Looks like intelligence runs in the family.

GME: 🚀🚀🚀 \[̲̅$̲̅(̲̅ ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°̲̅)̲̅$̲̅\] 🚀🚀🚀
Someone let me know when the AMC squeeze happens.
Melvin Capital shorted GME and to cover their asses they’re doing everything to drive the price down until end of year
amdddd
Lmao yet
get one on facebook marketplace or craigslist you're not gonna use it anyways
TLRY has a nice setup, looking to break either way on the 3 month
Leaps?
Lmaooo
Yep
OR, gold stock, is way up.

[Sold my calls from a few days ago.](https://fs.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kjdkdk/daily_discussion_thread_for_december_24_2020/ggwzbr0/)
Oh yeah....i did tell myself I was gonna stop refreshing my folio all day. Totally forgot until I saw this.
Who's dumping RMO? 

STOP
I’m too basic to understand that 😭
what?
Dont question papa elon
David S. Pumpkins and Dumplins
how terrible is your watchlist if that's the only green lmao

The market is green as fuck today
You’re a degenerate fuckin idiot dude. People don’t often help others here but people are TRYING TO HELP YOU.  And you’re acting like a dumbass 17 year old, which you probably are.  That much money is more than 90% of the world will ever have, the wheel strategy is a calm smart strategy, something your small brain can’t do.  So go waste your money so WE can have it.  What a fuckin degenerate being an asshole to people trying to help him.
I have 1 stock from the IPO and that's it. Want to go long on it but have no clue if it's still riding IPO hype or if $140 really is the floor.
BOT 10x BIDU 210p fd for 1.6 and sold for 2.20..quick lunch money in under 10 mins 🥂
Let’s goooo
Yeah G
Riot
Anybody got Cleanspark stock?
Bidu is a POS
[deleted]
They up like 110% today smh
Summer 2021.
My shares are liking it but I don’t get this.
FEYE has been proving shorts wrong for like 2 weeks now. Its been very resilient, spiked hard and didn't dip after even though a lot of people kept expecting it to.
I bought a shit ton of spy puts
Sweetwater? Like the beer company?
> then why the fuck are you doing it

I took some bad advice from an /r/thetagang post. It seemed like a safer bet than it turned out to be. That's on me for not doing my own DD.
FCEL is the only thing I’ve made real money on in the last few months. Why have I not gone all in? Meanwhile, NIO and PLTR shares have been losing me money.
GME: If you can't handle me when I'm down, you don't deserve me when I'm up 🥰
Really tempted to sell everything and Yolo on June MT calls. Talk me out of it
I'm holding [shares](https://i.ibb.co/cw5fVTd/ahahaha.jpg) and it's not even 10% of my Portfolio, you think I give a fuck about making money from GME??? This is war retard.
I’m not gonna pretend I’m an expert in the intricacies of the pump n dump. We are also all grown ass adults capable of making our own retarded investment decisions. I am however saying that he flagrantly pumped STIC in front of our faces only to pull out immediately, after posting a DD insinuating he was going to be holding through the merger. Again, he has no obligation to the wsb community. This probably happens everyday here, although maybe not on this level. I just hope the trend doesn’t continue because there are some of us basement dwelling, chromosome hoarding mongoloids who will be taken advantage of.
Doubled up on [my OR calls](https://fs.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kjdkdk/daily_discussion_thread_for_december_24_2020/ggwzbr0/) from a few days ago, sold those.
Papa Elon 🦋

TSLA 3/19 680
[deleted]
Woohooo!
They do however need to sperate their foundry from thier chip designing
Pepe silvia does work here, and he's been complaining about not receiving his mail for the last couple weeks
E36 6MT or why even bother?
Have you ever heard of PLTR?
FAS, MGNI, all of my accounts?
why exactly elon going up? i mean i am happy but what news? can't find any...
Postions?
Looking into it according to recent tweets
This is the most fun I've ever had bleeding money fellas
Wtf why is MARA SO WEAK
Fucking me so hard
Something looks off on this action today
Yea I agree, not sure how or if he would actually do anything. Either way it’s still supposedly going to run out soon, which that plus the post COVID demand rebound would lead me to believe oil prices are headed higher sooner or later. Just make sure you use RDSB otherwise the dividends are subject to an additional tax, depending on where you live.
About to start charging people for telling my positions someone could be makin bank 💰💰
Amzn Jan 22 calls rn
My creddies have never been better. Literally anything other than naked options or a short position will reliably make you money in PLTR.
It's just so close to the short 515 position, buttcheeks perpetually clenched since Monday
lol half of this sub is in GME telling each other to buy shares
Fine, algorithms manipulation
Fcel making me feel all warm inside.
This is war.
UBER Jan 15 $65c. You’re welcome.
Great support for gme. Shorts r fuk
FAANG red bruuuuuh
Graduating with a bachelors in quantitative economics  this May, enlisted into the infantry rather than brave the storm that is the job market 🤪
Might buy some
I'm officially up 420% for the year. Nice.
go for it
GINN and IPAY. You are welcome
Talks of replacing PACB in arkg
Need baba to go to 250 pls will suck mitchs dick
Thats okay portfolio, you turn green again when you're ready. Probably 1 day after all my calls expire like usual
I want you to be wrong because everything FB stands for is garbage, but on the other hand, most of the population are normie retards who love this shit... so you're probably right.
What's your profit? I would sell half and wait for another week to sell the rest to reach 700+ although I think there is a wall at 690. Don't take my advice, I have lost money here
See this is the problem about thinking you know more about another country than they do. Everyone has insurance but you can pay not to have it if you don’t want it.
[deleted]
I went with May because it gives some more time for the vaccine to rollout and hopefully in May we’re looking at a much more normal society than I think we’ll have in March
Expiring that day?
What if DIS negotiated discount/perks for Disney+ members at AMC theatres for only their movies? I imagine that would be a cheaper option and would avoid the awkwardness of showing other studio content at Disney owned theatres.
Remindme! 3 months
[deleted]
Tsla, disney
Come on Mr 🐭. You know you’re due for a drop!
careful. slv is a fickle mistress
AMD
K
He is not wrong
[deleted]
B/N/G/O
Forgive me if I’m late, but no stim vote today?
shove them in there
B/N/G/O really not a part of ARKG 🤦🏽‍♂️
Please don't say that
good news is market / all stocks will be at ATHs if this hits
I hope shes single. Here's my number
I'm on TDA and all they let me set is limit price and activation price
Well Yes
The whole market?
Look back in a month and realize that holding shares is a get rich slow scheme that leads to more getting rich.

Ignore the flash in the pan +$20k in a week moves here... until 20k is an eighth of your portfolio
Doubled up on my OR calls today..
It’s boring but it’s more exciting than buying shares and less likely to lose you money from weeklies
21.50 1/15
Can you describe more about why they won the contract? Still trying to figure out what they have going for them that their competitors don't/can't develop themselves. Their delivery automation tools sound cool based on what I've read, but their analytics stuff doesn't sound that impressive comparatively. Maybe I'm not looking at the right stuff.
A boomer on CNBC: "Intel needs to stop talking about diversity and focus on their chips."   
\-Damn. He's not wrong though. Diversity's important, but pandering about it without taking substantive action is a total waste of time. If you want to help POC, then stop virtue-signaling, painting roads, donating your expendable year-end tax deductible funds and do something! Otherwise, shut the f\* up and deliver your 7-nm chips on time.
Sort of just as funny as [Vitamin Water saying](https://www.huffpost.com/entry/the-dark-side-of-vitaminw_b_669716)  

“no consumer could reasonably be misled into thinking vitaminwater was a healthy beverage.”


No fraud on that one, but an equally stupid statement with regards to the intent behind marketing.
[deleted]
Too many letters damn
Is anything even up today besides LAZR and BLNK?
Yup
Anybody noticed Wikipedia's plea: "We ask you, humbly, to help.". If you autists are looking to donate please consider donating to Wikipedia
Mmm I’m saying this because there more of us than they are of them trust the institutions are scared and they know we disrupt there boomer investing strategy they shove down people’s throats
Lol. I think aapl not a bad bet. The calls in commodities are so nice though
No
I need GME to tank so I can sell my puts and then buy in for when it moons again next month 📉📉🚀🚀🚀
ICLN’d my room this morning
Is anyone here actually on the spectrum? If so post ur positions pls
Yes all these retards buying on margin are not helping as much as they think they are
I mentioned in the post for May 21 and listed some upcoming catalysts
Not using RH
We're in luck - most of us can't get approved for margin anyway. It's amazing they let us trade options, tbh.
🍑🐝 taking it’s mf time with announcing any DA. It’s been months
regulatory risks in the short term but as a long term investment this is solid with strong growth potential!
So... say you are an ecommerce site, such as eBay, and you are down. That bad for your share price, right?
GME
[deleted]
I also think that alot of folks on here over-leveraged themselves. Saw many posts about taking out loans and betting life savings on the stock. That's dangerous IMO and I can imagine that my hands would be like used toilet paper too because I gotta eat.
All my ancient bag-holds are green and all my 'solid stocks' are red.

Stupid EOY. Bring on January.
I should. already down lol. I just want 268-270. I think 265 is very reasonable for January
Free money 🤑💰 if you buy HIV
Did you sell
[removed]
Don't be a pussy, if it drops you hold, this isn't some get off at 19$ stock play
look, the main thing is helping people understand how lending works and what they'd need to do if they want to be able to vote for RC Ventures in the proxy (assuming it comes to that). I can't give you detailed advice but you can certainly conclude that a cash account will leave your shares either A.) unlent, or B.) you can opt in (and out) of lending programs as you see fit for your own investment strategies.
Your spite just pumped the stock another penny
Im putting my new pc together now, anyone have any guides or advice for putting old drives in the new build?
I looked at the 1 min candles. Never touched 23.60. Unless my order was just too small to show but that sounds like a good way for MM to steal from people
Same with my March calls.
It's not gonna happen
TSLA you march your ass to 700 right this instant.
It’s telling me to download a pdf when I click on it. Might just be cause I’m on mobile
January 2022 retard
[deleted]
Nio
Been lurking here for over a year. WSB was in Tesla and saying buy buy buy back when Tesla was feared to go bankrupt. This sub knew about corona month before the US population had any clue about what was happening in China and saying bear days ahead. Not saying take all of WSB DD with certainty, but i've seen plays happen here where the "elitist" sub reddits laugh and at the end they end up with a few pennies while the guys here make a few million.
That guy looks like what I thought Melvin looks like 

GME 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
[deleted]
You could've just given me the $4,000 bro
You should, and you'd be rich.
Thinking of long term short on snap. I don't think it'll remain profitable
I'm all in pltr and I've looked at what they do. It's just a database where you can control rightswhich is something any data guy can setup which is why it makes sense that the government is paying out the ass and wasting taxpayer money on it. I fail to see what is revolutionary or special about their product. 

Then again all I care about are the number of 🚀 s in a DD post
FEYE or TLS?
u/ares_abi mach nicht diese
Fedex legit been red for like 10 days straight with one small 1% day sandwiched in there , amazing
MVIS to moon
Because I'm buying
You think i should sell?

https://i.imgur.com/tjGKzq6.jpg
PDD stand for Printing Dat Damnmoney
Nio
Lol. You got it. Last mention.
Because RIOT no money. No today
[deleted]
WSB does not have any juice to trap anyone on AAPL.  Only the richest of autists could put a dent into it for more than 5 minutes.  Feel free to speculate, but even if WSB wanted to, it can't affect it.
[deleted]
Clean energy is the future
Definitely this. FTOC is an easy one
mitch's jawline
AAPL $136 FD’s are cheap... 


just saying
Don't forget the garbage collector
Swing trading pltr is literally free money
Dang Faang
[removed]
You shoulda bought Tesla calls in November fucktard 🤗
Both
Have you seen that daily fade?
Make tsla great again
[removed]
Expected to achieve
Fuckkkk did Cathie wood ever buy Bingo?????
either current or incoming new administration had made some kind of deal with china 

big money keep rolling into chinese names
...Fake the demand on a company with 17 Billion floating shares and an average of 122 million shares traded per day... Right. I think you need to have another cup of coffee.
i understand this is wsb but even so you just called a 1/22 a long term play. you're hurting my head and my grandfather wants to have a word with you
Thank you mighty zjz may I pls have flair 🥺
I opened up my casino app, saw ARKG was still on sale, so I bought a few more.
Who’s buying more GME?
Now that tesla is in the s&p, it no longer has the huge bipolar swings. I miss the old tesla.
Lulz...no. EU gonna break that bitch up!
Ima keep averaging down on baba 😤 they can’t stop me , even if they stop me 😤
Once I remove the clear outliers from my portfolio, I'm a consistently green trader.
Is this the GME short squeeze the prophecies foretold?!?! 😱
It won’t. And if I miss it then I miss it. Been in and out a couple times and made money each time. There’s always another play. I don’t see the massive short squeeze happening. I do think it’s undervalued and can get to $40 but not for awhile.
My kink is burning money on options.
NIO or more AAPL?
That "in motion" truck, as they claimed it is going to be in the history books. Alongside their defence that they didn't lie, the truck was in motion. lol
QQQJ
happy days!
Not even a lot of people yet. The fomo effect will make it rise after an announcement of the merger is made
I feel this so hard
it's literally the opposite, the january effect.

what dd are you talking about?
Is goev dead?
Its retarded buying any car new unless you have fuck you money
TSLA is rising because an analyst said they’ll meet expectations? And then will rise more once the news is out that they met expectations? Wtf? Isn’t some of this shit priced in?

I’m long but god damn
[keep an eye on NVRO](https://www.biospace.com/article/releases/nevro-announces-fda-submission-for-hf10-therapy-in-patients-with-painful-diabetic-neuropathy/)
So boring, I bought BABA $300 leaps at like $215 and they are only up 35%....

Even FEB was up like 2-300% yesterday from the lows
Lets squeeze that shit so hard he has to [sell his new house](https://therealdeal.com/miami/2020/12/07/melvin-capital-founder-revealed-as-buyer-of-44m-miami-beach-property-sources/)
Very
Who is wasting awards
no
What time is the SPY sell off
[deleted]
Going into 4 years... 😒
Lmao fuck this dude


I don't actually have any position in GME but fuck him nevertheless
Why RIOT no fly
Move over bears, JPow said it’s my turn with the money printer.
They said worse when when it $4. How is that working for those cucks who missed out so far.
i mean, it's already up over 100% if you're waiting for 200, you'll get smoked
[deleted]
Closed positions a day early womp womp
[removed]
This guy ain't shorting shit, using an Android phone. Dr. Parik is our saviour.
The link? It's a post from /o/
Ah fuck it’s a TSLA options day trade day? I might have missed the boat 😢 y’all think it busts 680?
Why
Both
Stacking debt this year though. Dude is probably sweating bricks with so many locations under water since March in high rent malls.
NET GANG we alive?
[deleted]
Anyone else cucked hard by baba ?
[deleted]
If the Loch Ness monster is real that would be fucking crazy lol
Yeah, BP and RDSA are undervalued right now because investors have priced in the Brexit transition. Would follow up in another post on what BP is doing to transition - it's their second attempt actually. 

They were at one point in time over the past decade one of the biggest investors in hydrogen fuels and algae biofuels. 

I'm not sure Biden's actually going to be able to do that much TBH. It's politically impossible for him to suggest to Americans that their fuel prices will increase in the middle of a pandemic. I could be wrong, but I think its highly unlikely that there will be a carbon tax implemented anytime soon (next year or two). 

I can see him delivering incentives to alternative energy firms, but I'm not sure if the Reps would make it easy for him.
Who is selling ABNB?
Fellas be careful on that JD I’m having Nam flashbacks to nuking my account on my second yolo ever. JD 60c 6/19/20
😎😎😎😎😢😎😎😎😎
I've been giggling about these two comments for five minutes
Stimmy talks going well
This is the way
>TSLA 01/21/2022 1275c for $2,600,000 just in

I'd hold back for now.
OoOooh the ‘cup and handle’, sounds sophisticated and complex. You must have been trading for well over 1 week, maybe even 2 entire weeks.
You’re not this retarded r u
fucking awesome
here's what you do sell cash secured puts instead and when you get assigned sell covered calls.
And we have liftoff. Rockets nominal. TSLA to 715. Bears r fuk.
I just popped my cherry. Never sold one before. Still new to all of this for the most part. Sold a 75$ 4/16/21 for 400$. Thoughts?
I respect it I’m just in shares but I feel good about both us printing

Cathy has been buying
[deleted]
Godspeed
Rocket
[deleted]
Another day of waiting for another day to make money
Clf at week  high
Holy shit there’s highly educated retards
If I get gold for this comment, I’ll jump on the $GME bandwagon.

Edit: Purchased.
Which ARK is this a portfolio of ??
Moon
[deleted]
feels good to have bought BIDU puts at the top 🤑
Everything I was down on yesterday is up more than it was yesterday.


I’m making money because I don’t have toilet paper for hands
looks like institutions took tww-day's profit on BABA. That opening candle was ugly.
Diamond hands takes your soul
2021 3 series or 2019? About 8k cheaper for the 2019 but I don’t plan on selling it anytime in the near future and don’t want to deal with maintenance.
Been waiting ages for DKNG to shoot up. Yet it remains hovering around $48 zzzzzz
[deleted]
I’m tryina ta get rich an baba is tryina consolidate like a bitch
Slept well with baba 3.5 premarket but woke up to see baba red. Wtf happened?
If any of you SOLD GME this week without seeing the week ass volume then you are truly too stupid to be trading. You will get destroyed by FOMO next week when the big boys return and likely re enter at the peak. 

WHO SELLS DURIKG THE FINAL WEEK OF THE YEAR THESE PROCES ARENT REAL OMG
nah scammed
Honestly not really... 

Like slurring her words (this I get) or “slurs” as in bigoted words (I don’t get)?
If your scared just buy some hedges. I couldn't imagine missing out on this bull run
It’s so flat...
ICLN
Earnings in Jan gonna smash
[removed]
It’ll follow suit. It’s still on the downward trend. GME is very cyclic.
I have loved this stock since the summer. I bought in at $30 and then added to the position when it dipped. I believe it is more than just a meme stock with more states legalizing sports betting. When I bought in I anticipated it hitting $50 by the end of the year and I think it will be close to $70 by the end of 2021
Wow CLF not stopping and won't stop! METALlic strength
Lockheed is cheap as fuck and just bought a space company 🚀
What time does AH close tomorrow ?
TSLA 700 EOD?
> boring “income” strategy

So we agree then.
Thanks for the input.
Averaging down brother
Both
🐫🦶👇
Well yes of course if it was favorable to SQ I would keep the shares but Tidals worth as it stands is way too much. If SQ were to pay that value it wouldn’t be worth it. Kind of just talking out of my ass when I say I would sell. I’d have to look at the numbers on it but it’s really not that serious. SQ will go up either way long term.
Glad im not the only retard doing this
Terrible idea. Even if everything is only 1/8th true, this stock will hit 30 by April. Just hold it. You're going to lose the money somewhere else anyway if you sell.
I'm a bot. Recent empty self posts, noob questions, and spam which people were temp-banned for. Bans are 1-2 days to discourage posts that ought to be comments.

User|Post Title
:--|:--
/u/Kia72|[Need advice from autists](https://redd.it/kn4i2g)
/u/fhhhhhc44|[Quick one retards. If you’ve got 20k right now, what plays for quick buck??! OPTIONS ONLY.](https://redd.it/kn4lua)
/u/Creative_Fault|[Petition to make this the new GME pump up song](https://redd.it/kn4nzq)
/u/Cr1mZ0|[What do you guys think about HIMX (superconductors)?](https://redd.it/kn4o4v)
/u/jdennis216|[Will be getting $120k from my fathers life insurance policy what do I do?](https://redd.it/kn4o3j)
/u/Shai_Brin|[1 to rule them all](https://redd.it/kn4qap)
/u/evnix23|[COMON GME!](https://redd.it/kn4qpb)
/u/Maximus_decimus306|[Agricultural ETF (DBA)](https://redd.it/kn50qp)
/u/arroyo99|[AMZN next play.](https://redd.it/kn55kd)
/u/viewroyal_royal|[Candente Copper $DNT looks like a big bagger](https://redd.it/kn55rv)
cool, you die on your cross, i'll be making money over here
LOL...Rod...you’re a smart individual. Other than RK and maybe a handful of people who have all ready done their own deep digging into DD, do you really think majority WSB has the patients to watch this unfold until June? 50%, or more, of people holding are going to dump this thing like it’s on fire in January if they don’t get a short squeeze. I’m in it more for fundamental reasons, I also don’t think the squeeze will happen. 

All this being said-keep doing you! I follow you and rk on Twitter. Rk for the funny ass memes and the 6 hour kick a rounds on YouTube and your tweets almost always break new news on GME before I find it anywhere else. Thanks for all the legitimate DD.
Already have like $50k in NIO shares as well as some longer dated calls but this might not be a bad idea. Playing both sides, I like it.
Yup after I sell these aapl calls it’s back into commodities. Gotta stop with these risky plays lmao
[removed]
Tesla 500k deliveries achieved?
Pay your rent
tesla about to lift off again, shitcorn, pltr dip
Worthless then
[https://twitter.com/MemberSee/status/1344314293236486145](https://twitter.com/MemberSee/status/1344314293236486145)

10 mins later
I don’t think you understand what market makers really do, or what happens when the lockup ends.
Lmao [Enron](https://www.standard.co.uk/news/enrons-fake-dealing-room-revealed-6345579.html) had a fake trading floor they set up for when people walked through.

I wonder what similar shit NKLA did outside of rolling that truck down hill.
[removed]
Don’t get caught bagholding JD. Does not hold price well
I think it’s a fantastic small business. If I was looking to do one, I’d start tomorrow. Buy commodity chargers, do install. I’m sure as a local business it’s great. Much better than Wendy’s franchise. 

Publicly traded company? Not so much
🚀🚀🚀🚀 ***
Rule 4. Can’t post tickers with less than a $1 billion market cap.
He says he is still short TSLA retarded 🌈🐻
ICLN shares or July 21 options?
yep really no more news for it to moon for right now, play jan q4 sales update now
[deleted]
Whats support
What if I did both
Not sure where 85x is coming from, current PE estimates for 2020 at the share price today are like 23-24x for the full year. Forward PE actually slightly worse because it seems people are expecting earnings to decline slightly in 2021 (i.e. sales this year were Covid boosted), but it's still sitting around 25-26.
This is why AAPL is my favorite one to intraday trade since the split. Long the dips and short the highs.
[deleted]
Dkng oversold time to btfd
Better than some Windows laptops. Bootcamp runs like a champ
Can they please just let AMD go up....  
IDK why they have to sell it off every time it goes up even a tiny bit..
Sq
don't
then its the stupidest pnd in history... this thing will not move past 27 until theres a solid rumor... otherwise it hangs around 26
Too challenging?
LETS GO EGGNOG TO THE FUCKIN MOOOOOON
Isn't that why you are here ?
Did you get some? It’s really doing it’s thing today.
baba on life support
Baba calls.
Because it ran up 4 percent in the past 3 days. It’s testing support then gonna run back up
IV goes up even more when stock gets whacked. Then, I sell the dip. Premium plays, theta burn $$$. Then yolo that profit on something stupid.
Damn big YOLO play
Hope you’re right. Doesn’t feel like it.
🚀🚀🚀
You already know the answer.
QS calls
Good idea
Give me non ark leaps
Yes.  2021 going to be a strong year IMO.  Never bet against the rich getting richer and the poor getting more poor.  Just don't put all your eggs in one basket.
[removed]
1100 shares, not a monthly play

On shares alone I could see it 3-4x this year

Unfortunately there are no LEAPs available or I would go balls deep
[deleted]
What a Chad king. Wakes up, takes a shot of whiskey and starts the shredder.
Because they thought it was going to be Proterra... 

You're buying shit off week old rumors 🤣
[deleted]
She bought?
Mf tricked everyone. He bought calls. He knows how to use us.
Buying the GME dip again, this one isn’t done.
It’s called a guess, just buy more MF
Pleas fly again
LETS GET THIS BREAD 🍞 SLV GANGGGGGGG

[https://imgur.com/gallery/8PsKDow](https://imgur.com/gallery/8PsKDow)
So your saying we have like 30years before they disappear? Calls it is!
The drunken slurs. You know what I’m talking about hahaha
That's incredible!
what if u own 100 of them? i actually know someone who does
Spend a $1000 on NIO calls. Buy them at close today or when you can find a good dip. Sell immediately after market open tomorrow (NIO typically will surge premarket then for about five min after open). Spens the rest of the $1000 on
NIO puts. ( There’s always sell offs after its green for a few minutes, then it dips up until 12pm where there is a slight V shape recovery.) Sell the puts when NIO goes red.
God Tim Apple is such a cuck
TSLA retard strength - pulling up the entire S&P 500. Probably the only reason they included it.
They ALSO said republicans were 90% likely to win the entire state.  They didn’t get close to winning the state by that much of a margin.  So why are you basing the outcomes of national elections on some idiots betting?
PDD daily target 180

BIDU daily target 218
Can’t believe it’s still going
true i coulda spent it on anything else i guess. took a bet and lost, nothing more to it unfortunately. good thing this is WSB :P
"If it is close we may not even know the result for a few days."
Great point. And they were both obviously close the first time around so that's very likely. Oil is tough right now. could be a run up if the republicans hold the senate though.
Didnt read lol
Lmfao. We can confirm that at this point basically.
Just buy leaps you broke mfs
Yeah i think the chinese government officials name is david perdue or some shit
Sell AAPL and buy TSLA? Seems a bit retard move
Got a spare $900. What do I do with it
gme is a shares game brother
Any reason why? What if the deal is favorable to SQ?
What slurs?
Communism=cash
Whoa now let’s not get into the psychology behind this. Look over here instead —> 🚀🚀🚀
That’s a lot of patience. You’d be better off diversifying and having like a 25 percent cash position
[deleted]
everyone buy VXX call

it’s a call! so it print 

u guys love call in dip!
Those are all the same thing
[deleted]
TSLA ain’t just hitting 678... it’s blasting right through it and heading for the moon WOOOOOO🚀🚀🚀
Well, I'm not a market making master, but the MM has to hedge against open trades. When you buy a call from them, or sell a put to them, etc. they'll attempt to balance out their book. I don't want to spew facts about this stuff when I'm not an expert, but I've seen good information shared here just don't have a link handy...
2x ICLN 30c for 1/22. First long term play let’s go
Don’t do this dude. What the fuck is wrong with you? Your daughter’s future into a penny stock?
FCEL running like Usain Bolt right now 🚀
Lol. At least put that shit in SPACs near NAV dude
no because I'm very leveraged
That bread has bull cum on it
https://i.imgur.com/SS1k2az.jpg
Selling ITM puts are fine if your very bullish and it moves out of the money. But this deal your screwed. Really no theta to help you either.
Whats your budget
VALE & MT about to become space cadets
Crazy right.
For when 🤔
AAPL fighting hard to be green, AMZN going the wrong way.
Then what is "opportunity cost"?
Fuck AMZN. Made me lose $1500
I have about a spare $2k to buy a few more tomorrow if you’re correct. Either that or I’ll swing it into pot stocks on a whim that Georgia flips blue and the Senate clears the pot banking bill.
My b, yes they are
GE. Actually tho probably amzn. Lot of risk rn but lot of reward too. Theta gang with nuts basically
are march calls too early in your opinion? $45 but got in at a price of 9.6
year end stuff, no worries
FCEL came to fuck
“I was in the pool!!!”
[deleted]
You can feed them bread?!?!?! PRETTY SURE YOURE MISTAKEN!!!!!  YOU HAVE NO REASON TO BELIVE THAT YOU CAN FEED THEM BREAD!! WHAT EVIDENCE IS THERE???
Inventory report is coming out in the next week.  That could move the stock some.
50% of my IRA is in PLTR. I'm still holding.
Damn dude I'm fucking his Trans brother
Cash gang since June? Yikes
That's called a dick suckin face
Melvin Capital.
[https://i.ibb.co/X2wy54m/image.png](https://i.ibb.co/X2wy54m/image.png)

TSLA 01/21/2022 1275c for $2,600,000 just in
[deleted]
yeah probably right... i got rid of 10 contracts which is 75 percent of the position... puts me basically at breaking even for the year not counting long-term unrealized gains, can't really pay any less taxes this year anyway. to the moon as they say
agree
STIC to the fucking moooooon 🌚🌝 🚀
So we never selling off again?
So tempted to yolo some AMZN calls for tomorrow
i would highly suggest getting real help
[removed]
A day late to the party, but willing to do my part. Buying now.
[deleted]
Hold strong. You’ll be good soon.
Please get another job OP
The lower GME goes the more chance Cohen will up his stake. I don't even care about end goal now, I want history to remember GME as the stock where shorters and hedge fund lost to a bunch of fucking retards.
people need to zoom out the chart and zoom out their expirations

oh and shares don't have expirations BTW you guys
[removed]
Fomoing is disease 🤕
[deleted]
WISH puts are literally free money. this garbage should not be worth 10B
[deleted]
Its up 40% in 2 weeks and isn't drilling even with the short pressure.
I would say that’s going to come back to bite him but then again it’s Mitch McConnell he’s almost dead and even if he wasn’t he’d still get re-elected
[deleted]
Amzn pump and dumps textbook style
quite possible, but he has to take office first
A close friend owns 101 wetzel pretzel and is beyond wealthy. No shame is stacking money.
Cheap asses buy a tesla but wont cough up an extra 1-2k for a different color besides white.
Chinese government officials and their friends must have made a FORTUNE on BABA this week.  Basically free money on the puts when you know the info.  Then just throw that shit in reverse.
AMZN NOOOOOOOOOOO
# i'm not going to financially recover from this
I bought the dip but I am still 4k down from my peak
If you knew anything you’d know you are also covered in America. You just buy into the Reddit propaganda
[deleted]
PINS leap a dumb idea?
I'm a bull, but man, it's only just reached what it opened at yesterday...
This is why I come here.
25.5p fd's
Right on time

https://reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kn09ji/_/ghibdeg/?context=1
I’ve been cash gang waiting for another March 2020 crash since June 2020... should I just give up?
[deleted]
[deleted]
The people that are saying that have been saying the same thing since the price was $3, $5, $7, $10,... and they'll  keep saying it when the price is $50, etc. We've done the DD. GME Gang knows the true value.
[deleted]
Such weiners. I might just delete the app till jan
[deleted]
O_O
100% correct, No Lie Detected 👍
[removed]
In 2013, the Tampa Bay Times and The Center for Investigative Reporting [published a list](https://smartasset.com/mortgage/the-50-worst-charities-in-america-how-to-keep-from-being-scammed) of 50 of the worst charity organisations in America, based on tax filings that spanned over 10 years. The investigation showed that these charities, that accounted for $1.35 billion in donations together, sent less than 30% to actual victims – and the rest went to those people who collected the money! Most of the organisations spent between 0.10% and 8.6% in direct cash aid, and for just 50 of them the fundraising costs didn’t exceed 35% of the total amount collected (as charity watchdogs expect).

or 

How the Red Cross Raised Half a Billion Dollars for Haiti ­and Built Six Homes: [https://www.propublica.org/article/how-the-red-cross-raised-half-a-billion-dollars-for-haiti-and-built-6-homes](https://www.propublica.org/article/how-the-red-cross-raised-half-a-billion-dollars-for-haiti-and-built-6-homes)
look what they did to our boi amzn
Yes. This was stupid, I tried selling a call against my shares and noticed too late what i was doing.
depends what sector your buying into imo.
$2 away
[deleted]
Selling NIO covered calls is so easy
She 100% wants to sound like a broken record. She practices her same line in the mirror. Each time the slurs get worse
Whys amazon taking a fat shit
I like BETZ long term but I think DKNG has much better upside over the next 6 months
Moon
Buy some 7/16 25's.  my calls need some volume
To see if they could have little fake guru offspring.
[deleted]
PLUG firing up its engines again this am too! 🚀
Nio
We fly the 🇺🇸 'round these parts you commie!
25,000 to get of pdt lmao
They should make a Canoo vs Badger
Agreed.  If it is close we may not even know the result for a few days.  That uncertainty could spike volatility.  I have some long oil positions in VLO and CVX that could get hurt next week too.
Imagine if Su Bae announces a Tesla partnership at CES 2021
I do that, but I get up @ 3AM.
same, and wife not happy
Not sure, RH doesn't say it's tradeable.
TSLA's IV percentile is around the 10th percentile. Would now be a good time for a long term straddle?
Imagine having to look someone in the eye and telling them you own a Subway.
🖕🏼pepe hands
Anyone got any theta gang stonk suggestions
This guy for sure skis in jeans
Let me guess? drill to $372, then bounce right back up to $372.59.
Checkout the headspace app if you have a moment.
At what point do we dump a penny stock pump? 

Anyone interested it’s bingo without the I
[deleted]
@ 1$ last month ...
She’ll understand lmaoooooo
Honestly shares. Options r currently fuk
If only GME would be like its retarded brother PLTR
Tesla getting exciteddddd
Nope
Bidu puts bought 15 min ago now down 30% of my acc within minutes fucking aids
I have a bunch of $35 calls for March.
I hope it moons on jan 1st and u miss
Dr. PP is never wrong.
# If you panic sold this week, you deserve to be poor.

Holding/Buying the dip = 😎💎📈🚀🌕🏝️🍑🍆💦

Panic Selling = 📄✋📉⚖️👮⛓☠️⚰️
House urges Congress to pass stimulus for users in WSB in the amount of $10,000
i hear you bruh.....lost a lot of money after getting inspired here
Cathy the type to spell her name Cathie
He must not know we ban or mod the broke people depending on how they got there.
It's going to shoot to 50 soon, my guess next week. But man breaking 50 is going to be tough
100% agree. I kept blowing up my account buying FD's and learned my lesson. No I go two weeks out min
it didn’t beat. did you even read the report?
I was actually looking to sell a call to farm premium but yeah... $60 lesson.
Do not try to catch the amzn knife
25.5p PLTR fds
I could be wrong, but I think one of those emojis is a broccoli
SPY deep OTM 0 day
[removed]
RAVN primed for takeoff LETS GO
Dip? Peep the three month chart. I seriously doubt this is a dip.
You are agreeing to buy 100 shares for $28 from whoever purchased the option. Your currently negative .20 per share. (Ish)
Someone say buy weeklies?
They approved funding for it. It's practically bonded. Unless you buy into it. Then they'll give the funding to clean coal energy.
NIO
PLTR 🐻s have left the chat
Yep I feel ya. I’m making money but I want something more exciting.
All model 3s when I see them tho so shares. Delivering 500k model 3 is a lot less impressive than the S or X.
[deleted]
Nordictrack far better and cheaper
Facts and username checks out!  You have my respect sir.
TSLA gonna see 680 today? IV and theta have crushed my 670 weekly
Should have bought yesterday 

You could always buy shares instead of leaps
Becky stock? Don’t
1800 shares at 19.5 reporting in
Interested... watch’s your position? I want to be rich
Maybe after New Year.  This is hard mode
my 660c  is green 670c was still red, wait to pass 680
Buying at $20 and selling at like $21.50 has been free money
That was just Autopilot being glitchy and suicidal like usual. Puts.
Baba
What are your price targets for Mara?
Sorry to hear that man, hope it was a long but good life. He will continue to live on in your memory, never forget that.
“Everywhere I go I get paper / I’m a rockstar, man, I could have joined Slayer” - Cathie Wood
Any deals today?
Fcx
He knows no-one will bite. It's his way of shutting it down while making it look like he's taking a reasonable conservative hard line.
Look at this guy living in a place with temperate winters
it wont pop soon, but its going places. 20 x 30C 1/22
[deleted]
[deleted]
Because the her opponents keep pulling the same shit everyday lol. I doubt she wants to sound like a broken record everyday. Shit, when we get tired of the never ending political bullshit we just ignore it. She (politicians in general too) can’t. I’d be fucking exhausted with the shenanigans if it were me.
i love — fucking love — pissing you goobers off
I don't see either one of those.
BABA 245 EOD
It's true.

I normally wake up at 2PM ET just in time for power hour.
Pton puts
This feels like a bag hold.
Here’s a tip, don’t buy until next year
Whoa an actual retard here, dude you’re lost we don’t actually like actual stupid people like you
Today must be the start of operation steel to the fucking moon
[removed]
Either believe in your positions or don't.  I'm retaining about 15% cash which is pretty high for me.  But I'll be looking for value stocks on a discount come January.  Today I'm buying growth stocks that are bottoming out.
Dang ... was just getting into the comfort zone about this virus and then you hear that news about the Louisana congressman, 41 dying of it
Cuck 🌈🐻
buy it please
t.j. rodgers spitten real talk about intc rn. basically saying they need to clean house. agreed
My life was so much better without wsb
Lol I'm not in BABA myself but I've worked with them in my career for a decade now. They are definitely not the Sears of China.
We made it !!!!!!!
ZM rewarding me with another leaky day, never a green day. The moment I sell, +30%
A R B K F and a couple other SPACs that I won’t post about until after entry lol
TSLA saving ARK right now
Looks like steels back on the menu, boys.
[deleted]
AAPL arguably one of the greatest stocks on the market, u must not be the right kind of retard
How can a church get public funds? They don’t pay taxes
Only if u pull the trigger
Is last day of tax loss harvesting tomorrow or 31?
Bet
[deleted]
Go back to r/latestagecapitalism swine
Can we short crashes?
MMMMMPPPPPPPP 🚀
I need to see this at least once an hour every day.
$2k to spend on something expiring tomorrow, what’s the play
Goodbye WISH 👋
NET
He has some 🦖 nugs for you.
Ozon pushing, last chance before it breaks 45 and flies 🇷🇺
GME is a structurally unprofitable bricks and mortar retailer that sells a product that is easily downloaded.  Think blockbuster.
Thoughts on ZM dip?
OSTK reversing ...
the good lumberg
Wait for it to level out, then BTFD
Pain
monthlies LEAPs or 0dte if you want to gamble
Are my better off buying eod today or tomorrow?
The millennial and going forward version of this is putting pronouns, fantasy political affiliations and disabilities.
BETZ
Is someone giving out free awards? Let’s test it.

GME 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
So my involvement into GME was buying 300 shares @ $17 (November) under my fathers Saxo Bank account which is of course margin... I’m in the process of opening my own personal account with IKBR (outside US).

Now with this knowledge about the share lending under margin accounts. What is the best thing I can personally do to help our cause? I already plan to buy more under my personal account once it’s approved. Those 300 shares under my fathers account have probably already been lending out. Do I sell those and buy extra under my own? Or do I keep those and buy a small amount under my own? What do you think? Is it better for our cause for me to keep those 300 shares under his margin account, or sell them and go bigger in a cash account?
You mean Europe?
Mr Milken would be proud
NIU will make me rich
Sold this morning. I’ll be back later.
It’s only 1k
Oh because they make money you dum dumb
BABA. Bought the dip on AAPL With the BABA earnings.
Saw a TSLA delivery truck on my way to work loaded up and driving like Santa’s sleigh running late.  Calls.
Bingo
Gulag.
[removed]
get in bidu... 220 dec 31 calls are like 1.69... if it squeeze passt 220 to some 230 like a meme rtrd... who knows what will happen tomorrow
No bear here. I don't short anything, I just avoid buying bad stocks.

Edit: Except that piece of shit MRNA. Waste of time and money, but I got out.
You can’t get a good treadmill for $1k lol
Politics makes us all want to invest in $ROPE
If you don't know, you're too retarded to ask.
I’m gonna get this sagging throat motherfucker for sexual assault. He’s been getting me half hard with his clammy mitts for nine fucking months and does not have my consent.
you're a moron, but it is true that most public companies go bankrupt. hence why average joe is advised to invest in indexes
Who’s someone you’re sure is on wsb? 

My vote is for Mike Stud. Dude is a dick irl apparently and only gives a fuck about money. Kind of has a gay name already. Seems like he’d be into gambling on stocks because he was hella into sports betting. Just got a feelin he’s here lurking....👀
I already did, but 500
It’s because you’re a paper hand bitch, it’s ok don’t worry
If it's anything like NIO, it's ana amazing earnings report, so they want it out asap
Not typically - if I do, they are deep OTM for tail risk hedging.
TSLA back in the party
TESLA too stronk 💪🏽
I will be messaging you in 5 years on [**2025-12-30 16:09:11 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2025-12-30%2016:09:11%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://np.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kn09ji/daily_discussion_thread_for_december_30_2020/ghica4v/?context=3)

[**1 OTHERS CLICKED THIS LINK**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fkn09ji%2Fdaily_discussion_thread_for_december_30_2020%2Fghica4v%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202025-12-30%2016%3A09%3A11%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%20kn09ji)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|
strike conflict with a group of people making bets on random businesses ability to succeed and the one you have married shall receive sexual intercourse from the group of said people.
Victory - PD and Biggie

Yw
Anyone bought a subscription to Benzinga Breakout? Is it worth it?
There needs to be all time highs all the time in order for growth to happen, right? RIGHT?   
A rugpull will ruin me
CNBC: Cunts 'N Broken Cocks
Show some fucking restraint.
Buy calls on everything I have puts in right now. Guaranteed money. 
I have puts in MELI, BKNG, and CMG. HAve fun getting rich.
37 mil share lockup exp. next week.
[deleted]
I just want to know what happens when a put expires worthless. Why would that affect the price of the stock at all. It would only affect the price if exercised regardless if on margin or not. Right?
thanks, zerohedge.
Those dicks!
I'm losing faith in GME  

## 😢 

## 😢
Literally can't go tits ~~up~~ out?
Nice to meet u Mr. Bear, but the only thing dropping is you off your mothers trailer roof once AAPL hits 140 next week.
He posted this on twitter lmao
[deleted]
GME goes red and paper hands fold because they're afraid to lose their money.
It’s ok the rest of us immediately understood
u think ai will catch up to pltr's market cap ?
IV goes up whenever a stock moves up or down a lot... it's what volatility means
BNG0
Media is very good at playing up stories about how small businesses are struggling (they had lady on claiming she couldn’t pay her employees and right behind in her drive way she had 100k brand new Benz) but doesn’t run any stories on these millionaires who are abusing PPP loans to make millions.
Depends on your risk tolerance. Much more risk with Jan/Feb (possibly higher reward) compared to Apr, and certainly Jul21. You could split the difference and roll some out from Feb21
Why oh why oh why did I fuckin sell my **BIDU** calls last week after the China scare? Fuck!
How do you guys know BABA isn't the Sears of China?
Should I really buy $1000 worth of ICLN leaps rn 

Someone talk me out of it my finger is on the trigger
The second I buy BIDU it will drop to 200
[deleted]
retard reporting in o7

*NWA plays*
It seems so obvious to me, which is probably why I’m down a lot.
Are you saying to triple my position again?
Did I say there was fraud?  I said what harm would an investigation do?  

I know you are slow but if you read the post, I didn’t pick a side nor do I care who the president is.
Nah he goes harder for passover and grammas bday. Cramer pwees fwy again!!
Did you not read the post? Melvin gang is bringing it down until 12/31. Tomorrow will be the dip of all dips. I would not buy today.
I have 3000 contracts at 4c, let's fucking go.
Fuck you Jack Baba and fuck me for not buying GRWG 42c scratch offs yesterday
I was kinda hoping for that breakout of 678 today.. man that would be fantastic
9/10 treadmills become expensive coat racks in my experience. Go run around the block and spend that $ on calls instead
Betting against the mouse oh boy
Bidu just please tank for the love of god 😭😭
It grows to Mars so yeah thatsa longa way!
Fuck those commies motherfuckers. They speak French and use the metric system 🤮🤮🤮🤮
LMND is my new best friend.  Buying that Monday sell off was literally the easiest money this year.
V-TOE
JNJ could be going ATHs today/tomorrow, some DD if you wanna look it up (not by me)

FDs available, just sayin. This could be big brain 🤯
Baba pls fly again
Everyone on wsb have everything positive to say about it, but when i check out /r stocks or /r gamestop, everyone is laughing at us, saying that what ever we project gme to be, it is a dying business...which adds to my worry.
But as it is the decision ive made, i want to see this through... although I dont want to lose all my money, so i'll probably drop out if the price goes below $19.. what do you think?
Nah not that gay, I wished for it to go back down too.
everyone think stonk go up over time

but if u think about it

all stonk go to zero over time since capitalism isn’t a self-sustaining system

😎 👍
Mr Bean
[removed]
And it’ll all happen.... today
Closed it. $40 lost. Lesson learned. If something seems to be too good to be true, dont rush to farm the premium. Ask yourself first if its everyone else that is retarded or if you personally are the mistake in the play you want to execute.
It's almost like she's a politician....
[https://i.ibb.co/nBNpGJH/image.png](https://i.ibb.co/nBNpGJH/image.png)

Big SPY dark pool share print just now

700,000 | $372.67 | $261,000,000
[deleted]
Robinhood doesn't show actual current market prices and its not exact. This same thing has happened to me a couple times.
BUY BUY THIS IS SUCH AN EASY SPOT, LETS GO PEOPLE BUY FUCKING SHARES
TSM ATVI DIS all hit ATH today
I think that’s called a gambling addiction dawg
If you ain’t buying **G H I V** on this beautiful glorious dip today.. then you want Riley reed to pork you no lube
Forever ever?
Isn't that all WSB is?
someone wanna tell me why PLTR released their Q3 ER ahead of the expected date and if this even matters
FCEL be like Big Sean today: last night a took an L but tonight I bounce back! 🚀
The day PLTR moons is the day we land on Mars
Look at this clown. Time to double down
Did the PLTR just dropped out of his pockets? Fuuu
GME all but abandoned at this point :/
Not falling knife, its a rocket that’s being held in launching pad by MM manipulation until shares released to institutional buying after lockout expiration mid February .
You're right but I'm trying to only include actual companies lol.
Nice DD! I'm intrigued for Q1/Q2
Oh fuck me thanks
Never buy weeklies

Never buy weeklies

Never buy weeklies
You trading bonds bro? lmao
G. Kennedy Fuld Jr.
GME
[deleted]
[removed]
Today is the slowwww bleed of GME. Changing their strategy
This is for limit sells ($420.69 GTCs, for example). Simply noting those mean nothing for share lending.
Anyone ever get that insatiable itch for an entire portfolio 1dte yolo eod???
Imagine applying fundamentals to this market lmao. 

Just buy. It literally is not allowed to go tits up. Zero DD required. Just fucking buy
yah that's why I'm buying it. I think you're definitely right but i would think it would take a day or two of elevated volatility then the market would digest the news. It would definitely throw projections out of wack though- with the threat of higher taxes and more regulation.
Stimmy going to finally allow RKT to break out again?
[deleted]
r/uselessnobody
Would be crazy not to buy CRWD (cloud endpoint cybersecurity) in this WFH day and age.  Hacks and attempted hacks at all time high and will only get worse.  Physical on prem firewall is dead and obselete.
I’m holding SPAC shares and only that. I feel like they’re guaranteed to take a dump with everything tomorrow, but my investor brain says not to sell just hold through. It’s tough knowing I may just bite the bullet and look at red for a few days.
Yeah stuff like DIS wasn’t $140 a month ago or anything
[deleted]
maybe he should spend his vast riches helping the poor and medically indigent in Sri Lanka instead of fantasizing about dunking on the ultra wealthy in the Hamptons
You’re buying a lifestyle
Nope. Adult dependents were excluded from the $500 per child bump.
This is the wrong threat lmao
I was looking at like SQ shares, seems to have dipped enough
[deleted]
The balls on this man
I'm in 2k shares now. I also only trade based off deviation analysis and RSI index so here's my simple take on why I bought at $35.80.

[https://imgur.com/F0sFnHx](https://imgur.com/F0sFnHx)  \- CRSR has a 68% chance of bouncing off the first -1deviation mark. Statistically, it made sense to purchase.
[deleted]
BiNGO
QS IV still high AF even though it’s dropped and pegged around 100
Like I said wack
Would you sell $18 2/19 call if I already profited $200
Jokes on him. No shares left to short. Naked shorts are paying fees on top of fees to LOSE $$$

GME 🚀🚀🚀
Mitch is mind controlling her, he’s latched onto her soul like a parasite and is draining it.
 short of a civil war or a virus that only attacks penis', what could possibly stop it
[deleted]
Extremely competitive space
pelosi says veto with a funny accent
a question with a question...challenge accepted you turd
Joel Osteen church got like 4M. Stupid.
listen, fat
Correct. Repubs are fucking themselves and us in one motion.
What's with the thread volume here? Its weaker than pre market in this bitch!
[deleted]
I think you misread  my dude. Simply saying I wish everyone adhered to this more seriously
How are you making over 75k/year?
[removed]
you spoke too soon
These GME kids have no idea what in the hell they are talking about. Just a large group of parrots who have done zero DD. The few people that understand how this works are making fucking bank with puts.
You fucked your own mother?
Happy cake day retard.
GameStop will be here in 100 years go long
Nah just snagged some 12/31 calls that dipped really low. Managed o time it well and got lucky someone was selling so low.
It was only an example but they do make a small profit on each unit
which chart are you looking at? if it hits that price for a fraction of a second it can end up getting filled. If i'm setting a stop loss on a share $20 plus i'd probably set a stop loss with a little more of a buffer unless that 10 cents was crucial.
Yeah, no, shares at 19.60.
So I am looking at treadmills online right now, thinking I could get a good-ish one for 1k. Peloton selling their tread for \~4300. LOL.
We need to create a GoFundMe for this guy, then pull a Creed Bratton and keep the money
I feel ya. Sold almost everything and just gonna wait it out. The market will correct itself when Biden comes into office — whether it’s a small or big correction. No news to feed off of rn so it’s being pumped like a mf.
boy doesn’t know that we got retard strength
TSLA gonna grow beyond 4ever
Nothing at all. The retard has failed to read any of the 500 DD’s posted about this stock.
Wtf are you doing here with shares number 1. 
Number 2 why are you here if you don’t know what a stop limit is
Is it RH? I've seen chatter that brokerages who buy RH flow can hunt stops like what happened to you.
AMD 😂
Yeah man I dunno that sounds like a sure fire way to lose money to me. There’s a reason there are only a few good card counters at the table. Easier to read social graphs than stock charts if ya ask me! Good luck to us all brother 😉
That would give it about an 800 billion market cap which would make it one of the 5 most valuable companies on earth. They aren't even in the top 1000 companies in terms of revenue. 450 a share is a more realistic goal
Weak
[deleted]
this guy is truly the worst - but there would be another if it weren't him
A SPY $375 call expiring next week
I thought about it for the Georgia Senate race next week.  But I think even if the Dems sweep the race volatility may not pop since that just means a better chance for additional stimulus.
this is just the regular stock market
you're gonna have to start to learn how to invest now.
That’s just a late breakfast
Not that I found. Usually it can't break 205. I imagine something is up here...
NIO will be in China in 2021 and I bet they announce it at NIO Day.  Last chance to hop aboard.  They are going to skyrocket Jan 1.
I got my shares in my cash account, but what is this about limit buying? I usually always limit buy
AMD, DO NOT FUCKING STOP
https://finance.yahoo.com/amphtml/news/stock-market-chart-of-the-year-2020-morning-brief-105422800.html
lumberg fucked her???!!
Ease back Sleepy Joe!
Lol that’s literally what I’ve been saying
Looks like the west coast retards are waking up
And no one is buying the fucking option back, holy shit.
Don’t fuck with the mouse
[deleted]
Bears really thought **GME** was going down to $5. It settled in around $20. lmao when will people learn to trust the absolute autistic meme power of WSB
Elon the type to play bingo
A hooker and an 8 ball
🧨⤴️ Not dieing until middle to late next year until everyone is vaccinated. Until then it’s still in the fight.
Lol. Yeah I grew up playing hockey and basically if you’re not in juniors when you’re 15 you ain’t making the NHL. Then we had one guy who played against my older cousin walk onto western Michigan’s D1 team at like 24yo and make the red wings roster eventually. Now all of my buddies are still grinding in the lower junior levels at 22 and 23 thinking they got a shot. No college or job experience under their belts. Brutal.
RemindMe! 5 years
... why. It's running strong. Why would you buy puts. There must be news.
Any stock WSB pumps and dumps is useless for the next year.
Yesterday was the pull back in my world.
Can carry over the loss into multiple years unless using it to offset gains, which would be the more likely scenario for this year.
Apes together strong
Seems like a reasonable bet but not a sure thing... if I were you and you have the opportunity to take a little profit on the calls and switch to shares I would do it.
To be a boomer must be terrifying
is TSLA gonna grow 4ever
Spy 1/4 375
SNOW going to stop melting??
FCEL!!!!! 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
If anything its just a normal HS...I'm not seeing an inverted anything on TSLA.
This is funny
How can I be this retarded?!?!
Yeah on top of the other stuff it is, I’m an idiot
You can have my wife now.
NKLA probably...
Guys, I'm gonna do it...I'm finally gonna take the risk and do what I've never dared to before.

I'm gonna eat my lunch at 11 a.m.
91 is a good long life anon! Gods speed to ur gramps, cherish his stories and life.
[deleted]
That's no dip.

That is the start of a slow and painful decline.
This is the way
Holding puts to hedge
Well I've got to make a living somehow!
Herpes
[deleted]
Boomer: "I intend to short this stock."

WSB: "Did your wife steal your hair for a merkin?"
Hate to see it. Most of my clothes are stitch fix at this point. Easier than having mom dress me like the good old days
JOE getting that vaccine recovery I guess
Here at the Wendys casino it is customary to sniff your fingers after scratching your balls
ah fk u fubo wtf
Same
Was there news? How much longer can this run?
I bought puts like 10 min ago and I’m instantly down insane wtf kinda bs is bidu pulling
[deleted]
Link to full article: https://www.yahoo.com/news/best-argument-2-000-checks-140200826.html
Grab a paddle, we’re taking this to the moon 🌝🚀🚀🚀🚀
Those emojis alone make me believe this is a shill.
I’m trusting you master
Im going to $rope if this shit wont close.
It’s not gonna happen with y’all paper handing and selling the second it’s red
[removed]
so no one else is buying volatility?
Thanks for the reassurance, recent losses made me double guess myself
The trend is upward over past months/years. It had a bad week. But that’s good because now it’s on sale, time to stock up
Bet. Send me yours too so ill stop by and visit the BBBY location you're going to be a door greeter at.
No sense in trying to only buy the dip. Some companies are just going to continue to rise-I’m happy to buy companies I like no matter the current price as I’m holding long term.
Who wants me to buy 375C SPY 01/08  to crash the market?
It’s easy son, it goes like this - wake up, pound double shot of espresso, buy morning apple dip, take addy and watch tendies go up
No harm in taking profits if you think it will drop further. Can buy back cheap EOD later dates. 

I will say shows good resistance at 19. Theta is eating you up.
Gamestop might have the greatest retard strength I've ever seen for a company that won't exist in 5 years.
Taking a breather after a 40% rally
Who the fuck says stupid shit like this? This is when the stockgods strike.

Thanks.
[deleted]
Supply is super low, TSM had consoles, AMD zen3 and navi 2 at the same time. Everything is out of stock.
TSLA inverted head and shoulders, 85% likeliness of rally.
Positions or ban
Diners, Drive ins and Dives? Take my money.
Everything is at all time highs, you don’t fear a major pull back at some point?
Ive heard this before.

Sincerely, leaky canoo bag holder.
16gb ram outta my tits
Thats the problem with this sub. Freaks squealing about their 3% gains to make everyone else FOMO when the play has already been missed. Then refusing to post when they lose money so it gives a skewed perspective of reality.
I always try to have real discussions on here, you seem to oblige more than most 🤷‍♂️
You own puts or something?
MM hasn’t let anything moon cept APPL for the past 6 weeks
Nancy says the same fucking thing everyday. What a robot
I mean he was gonna die soon anyway
Haha yeah.. atleast you asked.  And I sure you realized, owning shares does not cover you when selling Puts..
It’s on a mission to become intergalactic.
You’re not wrong about my intelligence level, but  there is a ton of overlap in the aristocracy of the UK and Germany. Google the House of Windsor;)
Shares are probably better. Thinking it’ll touch 270-275 in January. What do you think?
Pelosi needs to stop waffling and cut to the chase - is Mitch fuk or not?
It should double again in 2021
Priced in
Just now? I bought a put because I'm betting it starts dropping now. Up $18 TODAY is insane.

Edit: holy fuck I'm getting roasted. Hit its 52 week high with no signs of stopping
Well see man give it till arkg buys it
The stock market is a cruel cold place
Exactly, and then when you short it, it’s continues to rally, and when you buy, it finally collapses.
Sounds gay as hell
If you don’t hold a SPAC past the date they bring a company public that’s your fault haha
What movie is this?
Didn’t even know there was a survey, holding a measly 100 shares just for the hell of it.
We'd all be dead
Whatcha looking at now?
Ehh blue senate might mean a bunch of spending bills though too.
I guess you'd rather lose money in GME and PLTR. 🤷‍♂️
Warrants nonetheless lmao. God speed you degenerate
Diarrhea is a symptom of COVID.
Airlines. There is no way we will be traveling the world by boat in 2-3 years. The airline industry took a massive hit after Rona but is slowly on the way to recovery. I would buy now because it had a slight pullback in December.
BIDU STOP
No volume sell off
No, or market volume would be up 😭
Save me the 15 minutes, how many rocket ships?
Good resistance will rise again. Maybe EOW or next week.
The only stonk still buy able imo is CRM and BABA but shares, or long dated options
are you kidding me, its the end of the year, buy the dip
Lumberg fucked her
Taking fresh dumps at 8 am, while placing terrible trade orders. This is the life boys. ☕️
Why not just kill them?
Simply amazing
me: Three more, **F**utured **D**elights, please!  
TD: Certainly sir, that will be .65 c, each

me: ... make it Four, then!
Buy everything
Yeah, I’m not talking about the long term valuation of the company though, I’m talking about the stock price reaction in the short term.
Did you eat gas station sushi yesterday?
i bet diedra bosa smells really good
as of Dec 15. this is fucking old news
Yeah 70K is the biggest I've seen so far but 20K-30K is pretty common. I'm looking at a lot of 2K/3K right now that were opened this morning and expire today. There is an order for about 8K right now(looks like they ran it throw a few times so its a few different lots but totals about 8K contracts) and the price was $5/contract... that's the dream, literally $40,000 in less than 24 hours...
I’m so confused right now. Who is spending these trophies!?
Sorry to hear that
I hate it
Assume you started shorting TSLA this year. Situation is hopeless So today is the best day to cover your shorts so that you can show loss in your taxes for 2020. 

Or you can keep holding your shorts and show losses for the next couple of years.
“Fuck you fuck you” in Jordan Belfort’s voice
I have March puts that lost almost all value today! Pure gayness at it finest
If you're holding meme stocks, flush them now. If you have adult stocks, hold.
GOEV is literally free money
This guy's a fucking joke. Vito's account is two weeks old. He has two posts prior to becoming MT steel guru. 


He has not posted a screenshot of his positions. 



He's a skilled salesman/hype man. All of you have swallowed the hook like good little fishies. NGL his DD sounds good, and the steel train may be a thing.


But! You are all excited about his very nice words, and links. Which are free. 


Post positions or ban, retards. That's the rule for anyone hyping something. Always has been.
I went $100 below in premium, position isnt closing. Holy shit!!!! This was the biggest fuckup after buying more shares of Wirecard when I tried selling them.
you're about to buy 100 shares of GME @ 28 dollars a share on after friday close. Currently price is at 19 lmfao.
When is the gme holiday earnings report?
So I just learned NEVER to use a stop limit. I had shares of MT and was looking at the double top at 23.70 so I set a stop limit at 23.60.

The thing is holding at 23.65 for a while and all of a sudden my order is filled. I go to check the chart and it literally never went to 23.60. Why the fuck was my order filled? If this thing takes off now I'm gonna be pissed
Nothing pump and dump about it. This is a Fortune 500 company that will generate nearly $6B in revenue this year even amid Covid. Wall Street calls this type of price action we've been seeing a re-rating: https://www.wsj.com/articles/what-is-a-stock-rerating-11562637601
I got $500 to yolo on something gimme a play
That what I said (but with calls) before Zoom ER in the summer, missed at 10 bagger
Sounds like the traveling trader
Wack
Idgaf they both ugly as shit then
The implication is that we’re still gonna lose
BABA gave you another chance to buy in but you didn’t. What’s wrong with you??
Couldn’t you guys have pump this shit when I was holding at $10 for months
Sold T H C B took my 62% gain and going into something closer to NAV. Out of all my SPACs I’m the least confident in that one
does anyone buy wkhs anymore ?
Were they short term calls?  Expiring in less than 2 weeks?
Go away
Condolences, Yeah this virus is taking people of all ages. Cousin just past away from it a day or so ago. He was in the early 50s.
How many millions will millionaires like Tom Brady make off of PPP 2.0 these small business owners need to buy new yacht

“ Tom Brady purchased a multi-million-dollar boat after company received $960K PPP loan”
X.  Elon gonna buy it just for the ticker.
Is it just me or is there nothing worth buying right now, shit just feels super unstable
[deleted]
Mine was 2, but the second was pretty clean. SPY FLAT
I watched a few videos of stock moe a few weeks ago when I just got into NIO (hey, I like hearing and watching confirmation bias).

But this dude now starts every video with "I used to be a financial advisor. Now, I'm doing this to help out you folks" shill.  That's how scam artists and shills lure people in with the whole "I'm only trying to help you" blah blah blah

Sure, you are...Stock Moe has been pumping the same stocks over and over again and his videos are so repetitive. 

I don't mind since I own NIO long-term, but I can't believe how much this dude earns by just yapping about the same stuff over and over again. This world is so unjust.
BABA went to the moon and back. Now it refills fuel and next stop is mars🚀🚀🚀🚀
If you’d been long on $TSLA anytime this year, than you owe a thank you to penis-suit guy.
Alien looking MF. It's a meme account btw, like Dr. PP
Wow are you boomer af or do you just not get the lyrics
Brb going all in on FB
Its my birthday. I expect 10% of all tendies made today as gifts. I will not be accepting 10% of all losses. Don't try to trick me.
Stocked up on more MRO calls while they were cheap
for your daughter sake i really hope i'm looking at the wrong stock and just massively confused
Yo like power hour today gonna pump or what
I'm telling y'all. BIDU! 🚀
Time to buy😎
Back in college i created a few charity events at my school. Probably had a few hundred hours spent at events. Raised close to 100k during that time.
Maybe you're just getting old
Alright I bough Disney puts but I have to hold until tomorrow so I’m pretty much shitting my pants
cathie wood be like: i will make you a millionaire
It is just that china stocks are a bit less uncertain now I think. Sympathy pump from BABA and BIDU has been HELLA strong lately. It's not even dropping a little bit where as everything else is really weak
every now and then we get a post on WSB talking about how it is a tech company and blah blah blah.

All these companies trying to claim they are 'tech' or 'disruptors' and shit based on just suddenly creating an app.
It would be grand if TSLA ended the year at 700$ pleas papa Elon. 🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏
You should do that either way
As opposed to cash and physical gold?
WTF is going on with FSLY...
Bidu puts have absolutely destroyed me what the actual fuck
Walmart has so much damn revenue, the possibility for them to advance is tremendous. They can get into the tech aspect very quickly and have very loyal customer base.
Then you've got it too, my guy 😂
portfolio I need you to WAKE UP. WAKE UP. WAKE UP. WAKE UP
Lmaooo 50% gains wow sick man nice job. Idiot
[deleted]
what do you know I have $2,000 coming to me from my uncle!
None. Rising tide and all. I only hold shares and written options
shoprunner is a shipping service/benefit, not a seller of goods
Nancy the type of gramma to give us 2K for YOLOs.
Yeah, probably. As long as you don't have trouble breathing you're good. If you do, go to the hospital.
brother cramer has been MIA for too many days now.. i'm starting to worry for him
Wonder if the GEX spike last night has something to do with shit popping back today
Wtf else do u want to hold? My nuts?
Is is Satan because it will put CS degree holders out of work, or destroy privacy? Either way 🚀🚀🚀
Def algo manipulated.  Has been like this on a day to day basis since I've been in it (July).  Of course when there is any type of truly positive newsflow, stock blows up like no other...
Dividend, but yeah it's a very solid investment.
LKNCY? Are you retarded?
google work well
🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
🛰🛰🛰🛰🛰🛰🛰🛰🛰🛰🛰🛰🛰🛰🛰🛰
🌕🌕🌕🌕🌕🌕🌕🌜🌛🌕🌕🌕🌕🌕🌕🌕
Not ZM
Tesla rally imminent here
into amzn 3330c yet again, 11:15 algos should correct this to at least -.20%
Watching the same thing
Even if this company was good it’s also a horrible space. It’s easy for companies to be in it, and there’s very little tech or brand advantage. It’s the kind of thing where you see a bunch of new companies then consolidation on manufacturing in some forgettable low cap company and then thousands of local installers/resellers. Not a winner take all like software or even a few winners take all like car brands.
Please VALE, I need you to become fully erect steel dick daddy
[deleted]
Dang I might need to go for a 360 QS off red roof
👊👇🍆😣
Go fuck yourself
[deleted]
I dropped that shit yesterday. What a stupid stock.

Avoid all vaccine stocks.
Wait til Creepy Joe is actually in office.  Better have some cash for Q1 21
Me too, so I bought back
Let's hope he learned from those mistakes like he has said he has
Help us u/zjz, you're our only hope
Is no one buying WKHS today?
Sounds more like the actual flu, I don’t think explosive diarrhea is a common Covid symptom
[removed]
Quick, short the defense industry.
John Williams greatest hits by the Boston Pops
I've been up more than this only to finish red recently..
Yeah... if they don't make changes in the bussines strategy and execution they will become an increasing target for the newer big players
The few autists on here that have gf’s well, guess what, I fucked then all
Plus side, I'm about to make 35k on these L U M O shares
Haha this is actually the way
It's the rona. You're a goner my friend.

F in advance, may the casino be as good in heaven as it was on earth
[deleted]
lol its all good after amzn pumps it can never hold thoughs gains for long
Yikes
BABA V shaped recovery?
then brings back Jared as spokesperson?
I have some tsla and logi shares does that count
Sounds like hangover to me
Did that earlier this year. Welcome.
[removed]
BIDU is absolutely GOIN
I'm still supportive of the squeezen-ing! The squeeze must get squoze
Fcel still a buy?
Short rogaine
tax increase in the short term means just hold your equity till R’s in power when you can sell.
why not both?
Go SPY go!
[deleted]
Pleas stop mentioning HIMX these tards going to ruin it.
YES!

Congrats.
The actual face of the Theta Gang
You know that Anal God is a really nice guy
You have a gf? Sorry but I fucked her
Where did you get this info
[deleted]
[deleted]
I study why I’m still a virgin
I’m sorry to hear that man. It gets easier
I'm sorry, man.
If you held shares instead of calls you'd only be down 10%. BUY SHARES
Puts on your lungs
No one on CSPAN knows what YOLO means. We are good
Checks out. See if you can smell as well as normal.
My portfolio is 10% LKNCY, 20% SKLZ, 15% CRSR, PLTR & W. 5% PL 50% PA

And 100% reason to remember Mitch is a Bitch
Wait til after Q4 report so you can ask dad for another loan
Mr. Trump cabled you need cash, stop. My office instructed to advance you up to 600 dollars, stop. Hee Haw and Merry Christmas - Steve Mnuchin
Ban
Honest question, how much of a retard move is it to only be holding shares and calls?
imagine if you yolo’d into pltr 🚀🚀🚀🚀
I bought ARKG three days ago and am down 9.5%.
I don't think the market likes either party in charge.  They want gridlock so politicians can't fuck everything up.
Am lonely 😔
🪦
[https://finance.yahoo.com/news/stock-market-chart-of-the-year-2020-morning-brief-105422800.html](https://finance.yahoo.com/news/stock-market-chart-of-the-year-2020-morning-brief-105422800.html)
1. You should have never bought it. Education is expensive I guess.
2. You should have sold it last week.
3. Might as well hold it now for the lulz.
[deleted]
Yes, most likely. My gf had the same symptoms yesterday (minus diarrhea lmao) and just tested positive.
Kind of what I’m 🤔 thinking. Funds moved out the last couple days. But now some are moving in maybe? If true, it means CLF is one of thier top choices. I’m  hoping,it’s  steel picking back up steam goin into earnings, and they are just trying to get in early for what they know is coming.
Why does everyone think there is an algorithm for this chat? You idiots realize they can look at option chain charts and see where the money is flowing. They don't need an algorithm to watch you talk about your wife's boyfriend. This shit is the dumbest thing I've ever heard.
PDD what a gem
[deleted]
Good for me making $$ selling covered calls
BRB going all in with my retirement acc
[removed]
[deleted]
AMZN noooio
hey future GME b0ss pl4y3rs!

are you rdy to take control of your life? own your own $$$ successful $$$ business?!

with an upfront payment of $$$ $2000 $$$ and getting 3!! of your b0ss3st pl4y3r friends to also take control of their lyv3s, you can own 100!! $GME shares!

GME shares are 100%%% toxin-free, cleanzes your lyfe or impurities, and are a holistic and life ch4nging part of ANY healthy life!

are yous rdy to bring #PowerToThePl4y3rs?

'#lovinglife #toxinfree  #GMEorganic #GMEnatural
Puts on you
Smmmmh
Yikes, you thought pandemic would be over by now  huh
Both
reading a few political tweets from politicians made me want to kill myself
It’s like a Willy wonka mystery machine with all these different colored inserts with random caffeine amounts
what is your basis for making that assumption?
[deleted]
[deleted]
Link to full article: https://www.yahoo.com/news/best-argument-2-000-checks-140200826.html
🧨⤴️ or 🧨⤵️ tune in at 3:59 to find out
2021 resolution is to be more civil and nice with people online and irl
“In talks”. As most of my portfolio is in SQ I would sell on this acquisition. I imagine others feel the same
You cared enough to comment, thanks man <3
tax increases is dumb

but yea bad to pass bills and shet
I fucked up. Never trade if youre sleepy. Trying to exit position...
except shares to cover your position 😂😂😂😂😂
That puts in the money honey! Playing with fire
Dear diary
Fucking fuck.

I have a headache, cough, slight body aches, and now explosive diarrhea. Is this the Rona?
1800 shares at 19.48
Putting in majority of savings into this one bet om the dream called GME Short Squeeze.
Gosh I truly hope this is not some major scam pump and dump scheme. But diamomd hands 💎💎💎🚀🚀
My grandpa died of COVID guys. He was 91. Sadly the young/healthy elites and politicians were able to get the vaccine before him.
That's old news. Something is causing it to moon today specifically.
you're reading tea leaves. If it was that easy Chow Ling and Rishnu Pavel would be making millions at their trading desks (which of course they didn't start until they finished their three years at Boston Consulting).
Classical ftw

Beethoven for hype/Mozart for refined

Just really want to avoid anything with lyrics. It pulls mental resources subconsciously to interpret and makes you less efficient
[removed]
After doing a couple of seconds if research, I have determined this might just be Dr. PP's troll account. For when he wants to let off a bit of steam and tell some jokes instead of the serious stuff on his normal account.
Very cool, very legal.
If you think you’re bag holding bft you’re basically clueless. Price target : 🌝
I would stay out for now. AMZN ran out of steam for the week. 

Made 55k trading AMZN on Monday and Tuesday. There will be more opportunities to come now that it broke resistance.
💎✋ bby
Lol they literally won’t let this sell off. I’m just watching QQQ flip from red to green like a stoplight.
I hope you cock smokers bought the FCEL dip yesterday! 🚀🚀🚀
Added 300 more, I only have 600 shares. Will add more If you stop being a bitch and mail bill spaceman a double double animal style because I want it to be in n out.
**Benzinga:** If you didn't buy DDD this morning you're an idiot.
Dividends this week
Bidu what the fuck
All ARK to the moon. Just especially ARKG. Queen Cathie shall deliver us many tendies.
Is E*TRADE having issues with ARK for anyone else? It shows my total gain as my market value on all the etfs. Only for ARK, my other positions are fine.
This guy actually seems to invest sort of, not completely satire like Patel, but yeah, he's far from some bigwig rich professional that all these GME gang people are trying to fight against.

Side note though, I think this GME hype is hilarious. I'm pretty sure institutions have strategies to profit off of even the most retarded bulls, especially when they can see the absurd bullishness being posted here... You can't just "beat the shorts" by all buying and holding, I don't think this sub even has a cumulative $1b to throw around lmfao
Bought a few 1/8 30c’s just in case dc goes apeshit 1/6, too. I’ll keep wasting money on em until shits actually under control.
Dad, I would like to be like u when I grow up pls
A LEAP is just a long term option right? Like is an option with DTE of a year+ on robinhood basically a LEAP?
[deleted]
feel like net $100 long term calls is a no brainer..
He is using a pic of Michael Milken.
On g
This dude pees sitting down
so did anyone actually get their 600$ yet, they were supposed to start hitting last night.
lol gotem
Guy thinks he’s cool, but is full of shit. Do it pal I DARE YOU!
tf happened to tdoc
My Feb himx calls are happy
Looks like fedex might be ramping up to take on Amazon one day as their own retailer. 

https://m.benzinga.com/article/18945477
Gotta love all the pumpYdumpY. As in, everything at this point. 😂
Noice, and fucking mcdonalds style modernise it.
Why do ARKG options have non whole number strikes?
The whole food delivery is really good. Good quality food too. Probably won't beat Walmart in low cost food though
https://twitter.com/chamath/status/1344306851891056642
They are an EV company now apparently
PLTR refueling
Fsr has 2 employees and they’re related
I love waking up to that smell on the morning. 

FCEL on the bounce today too 🚀
Pussy shouldve went to r/wallstreetbets instead r/WSB doesnt have enough power to shit a quality option
.95 share of TSLA
Lol
Yes but then we can get the Bill Ackman-Mike Trout collabo we never knew we needed
grandma's birthday and passover
I sold a couple 19 hope they get called away
Fuck McConnell !
You study?
Cohen Daddy bout to drop the hammer
Lmfao RKT has been in the same $1 range for over three months
nice dividends on xom
#600 FROM MITCH
#DROPPIN PANTIES OFF A BITCH
I quote Mango, "You'll have a crash like you never seen before if you put the wrong person in office."

Was he talking about himself? Cause we are going sky high on a moon mission to Mars
Anime
BN GO 👀
Last call, all aboard the PLTR train. Next stop station 29.
I really regret selling my BIDU call early this morning.......
Cspan is age racist. I called and they asked my age then hung up on me.
Starting to look at an entry point on CRM between the 210-220 range. Next week I’m pulling the trigger
I mean I agree which is why I am bullish - I commented before although NIO wont be TSLA valuations anytime soon, it seems to be like TSLA in 2013.

The biggest unknown which can be a positive or negative force is the CCP. I feel like they will usually meet sales goals because 1) that is how Chinese Companies operate and 2) demand is extremely high especially with CCP subsidies.

I honestly think most of the 'Its LK Coffee 2.0' is due to the jingoistic nature of current U.S. Political Leadership over trump. I am here to make money and NIO looks like a good opportunity to me.
True
DKNG does this shit when it hits a sell wall. It gets swatted down and stunned for a while. Did id back in August/early september whenever it crept up to $40. It would go back down to $39 and chill for a while before running back up.

It's weird to talk about stocks like they're sentient things with predictable behaviors but that's how DKNG rolls. At least it may have found a buying floor around $49.

With how the last week has gone I won't complain much if it finishes at or near $49 and continues a trend upwards the next several weeks.
What a fucking pussy. Paper handed bitch.
I think SQ is buying them correct?
because its ITM by $9.... are you sure you know how this works?
I only invest in things I hate so even if I lose money I win
And for that reason I’m out
i graduated from a top christian science institution, can confirm, the sun revolves around us, pltr to the ☀️
Aside from [$GME being shorted up to the tits](https://fintel.io/ss/us/gme), good luck finding shares to short when we have unionized our retardation into half a hedge fund, [GME baby 🚀🚀🚀](https://ibb.co/bFhwDdn).
I found a cockroach in my sandwich. Floor confirmed. I’m in
I shorted INTC to 47.44, no reason this stock is up after a letter like that
[deleted]
oWo 3%
Lol. I mean most competitive athletes have been doing their sport since they were toddlers. You don't roll up to the X Games at 24 having started snowboarding at 22 unless you are exceptionally gifted. You don't go to college and start playing basketball or football.
Shit. Really should have grabbed BIDU calls this AM.
bye bitch 👋
Fucking autist hipster right here.
Sure that stic jump was pretty funny, but isn’t it only a pump if it’s actually a shit long term investment? I bought at 14, still holding into the merger. I believe in the company Bark Box. It’s something I’d use if I had dogs.

Like if stic didn’t have any acquisitions on the table and the pump was on pure spec then I’d agree.
What study music you put on?
Wouldn’t democratic sweep be bad news for stock market? Divided govt means lower probability of tax increase
VXX pulling a sneaky.. get ready for the rug pull
[removed]
RIOT calls?
[removed]
Nobody cares go to stocktwits
Please no
These people drive millions of dollars in value lmao Mac is not just for schoolgirls and hipster artist-types
[deleted]
Damn you flamed him. It’s not like huge corporations like Amazon often use MBP’s for their software engineers.
ARKQ aint bad
Sold MP put spreads to buy more calls on that 10% dip 🤑
Maybe they could generalize it to "election interference" and dems would be on board too, Lord knows that narrative was pushed hard...maybe mitch should just appoint a special counsel to investigate it for 2 years based on FISA warrants that knowingly exclude exculpatory evidence that are based upon a dossier that the RNC pays Fusion GPS for
Fucking dumbass I don’t even know what that blue text is
Same
[deleted]
Thinking shares. Scared of IV on this one.
#REMINDER THAT BILL AKMANS PSTH WILL LIKELY AQUIRE FUCKING SUBWAY 🥪 YES THE SHITTY SANDWICH CHAIN
We all learned our lesson on vaccine stocks. Stay away. Governments are starting to force these guys to give the shit away....
[deleted]
Buena jefe
[removed]
It’s stupid as shit but it’s a really good etf. I don’t foresee a problem selling it closer to expiry
When he drinks Pepsi, dumbass
ZM needs to drop to 100 eod ⤵️🙈
Watching Too many milf porns starring fake milfs
Aaaaah Ryan Cohen aaaah 😳🕹💦
Have for february 👍
You cant see it because it gets cut off, but he has professional Cuck listed at the end of his twitter handle.
Finally out of my short position for sfix

Entered at 35 before earnings, goes up to 70 lol, got out for 60% loss of my profit since September.

Will never buy a thing from stitch fix, fuck them
No thank you. I prefer to fomo after the pop
Fuck. Yes. Closing position now. Holy shit.
🌈🐻
There, I said it. Give me gold now
My cash app
Good deal, thanks for restoring my faith
Strip club
A better short would be your hairline dude.

&#x200B;

On a side note, I love all these egotistical twitter "economic" types that have to put all their fancy titles in their name then complain about the market.  Can you say underperforming the market???
🙋🏽‍♂️ I buy every apple dip though so not really anything out of the ordinary
[deleted]
Inverse everything this man touches
They are waiting approval on some treatment but it could take 6 months that was the only news I saw
Shit I didn’t nor would I ever follow his plays. Just wondering.
damn been waiting to jump into amzn today but it keeps sinking lower
Wtf amzn bunny hopping to the center of the earth
If you think a crash is coming, and it will ease the mind, just sell. Learned a lesson, move on and don’t dwell on it
where is the reet who bought 20k of AAPL 140c 12/31 when it hit ATH
They will after I claim their Stimmy checks and YOLO GME calls!
[removed]
When is Cramer __NOT__ on coke?
"Now watch this drive"
Jesus Roku
Weird, mine took several wipes 🤔 SPY 350 EOD
[deleted]
good question
... u dumb?
Hey bro. I wish you luck. Bookmark this for later though:

 [Lifeline (suicidepreventionlifeline.org)](https://suicidepreventionlifeline.org/)
Plz papi🥺
Sell GME 1/8 now? Profit decreasing massively
Key is to inverse yourself, not over a million retards
closes at 2 tomorrow.  Closed on Jan 1st
Why is the volume on GME so low? Could it be overbought
[deleted]
MRNA is going to drop back to where they were before they announced positive vaccines results.  Crazy.
Thought buying TSLA calls was a good idea but I’m retarded, came here and saw multiple comments about TSLA calls and I know you’re all retarded.  Now I have no choice but to buy puts.
[deleted]
Fellow female here. Only a turnoff when you don’t know what the fuck you’re doing, but I guess that’s most of us.
[removed]
ICLN
I started in october maybe it was easy back then
do you hunt for bears or go bear hunting?
Already ran maybe. Otherwise definitely the legit lockdown choice.
He could’ve got something shipped from there with it
Put on your TSLA rally caps
Open tomorrow closed alter
[deleted]
TSLA 1000c 2/19/21 and AAPL 250c 1/15/21
Fuck this choad
You are a disappointment to your ancestors 🌈🐻
Same thing I just brewed my first two cups. Seems weird didn’t read directions.
implying he isn't using reverse psychology to try to manipulate WSB, dude is outsider trading
[deleted]
I put a bit of cash in the other day :)
Diamond handed forever. Like bought it at lows, rode to top, diamond handed and went all the to the point where we are now. 😂🤷🏻‍♂️
That's what I expect. Accumulation phase right now.
Oogie mane he killed it
If that doesn't work he could install some solar panels on that shiny ass head of his.
Hoping for a jump in the coming future wth the recent fascination with EV stock. Their numbers also look solid so potentially a longer term hold to reach peak price but still possible to do a swing trade on this stock.
https://twitter.com/newtgingrich/status/1344311691031539723?s=19

I have the feeling we'll get those 2k stimulus checks or a democratic sweep in the senate... market doesn't seem to be pricing in those low probability events imo.
$HIMX and B NG O killing it today!
Leet
Don’t underestimate people’s ability to be complete retards.
So tempted to sell..... i just know tomorrow will be a blood bath. Unless....?
Our accounts will grow to $200- he will always look like a penis in a suit
Which centurian are you? I always felt green was the most humble and best centurian. Oh you said contrarian? What's that then?
Is market closed tomorrow or on January 1st (or both)?
Where should I throw $650 ? lol
alien would become "jesus"
I’m not opening your dick pic you fucking weirdo lmao idiot
Nice to see everything up instead of down today
Let's \_destroy\_ this fucker
Did you just come here to spew propaganda?
Guys. I just sold a GME 28p expiring this week. I own the shares. This made me $840?!? Is there something wrong, did I fuck up something big time? Why did I get this much premium for 28p 3DTE?
[removed]
[deleted]
Same. I keep restarting RH but it still shows green? Gotta contact support
Show of hands who bought the dip on AAPL and BABA 🚀🚀🚀🚀
Congrats you paid for 1 year of state school!
GME short interest up to 130% of float - https://twitter.com/MemberSee/status/1344312090513858560
I'm doing an AMCPass. Gonna pass on that shit stink.
They seem to be much less liquid than SPY, especially if my goal is to get to 50-100 contracts at a time. Am I wrong?
was r'tarded and bet against amzn for 30 min. scariest thang ever you guys. still made away like a bandit tho
Who calling into mad money today?
my fd is up 900%, I'll buy another, to treat myself  
also me:  
what is this margin call  
no thank you, I prefer butter today
[deleted]
You can definitely get lower margin rates with TD, especially if you have over a half a mil in your account. 

Even their advertised rates are below that and these are all negotiable. 

https://www.tdameritrade.com/pricing/margin-and-interest-rates.page
[deleted]
nice job! I went long with June calls and sold for profits yesterday. Funny how I can play weeklies on random shit but won't do it on something like BABA
another crash would eventually elude to bigger comebacks. sadistic side of me waiting.
My new MT call additions are loving this
I thought when GME passed $20 there would be a "ShOrT SqUeEzE" to $30+?
[deleted]
Stonk of the year goes to SBUX imo
Could someone flip the switch back on for dkng?
[deleted]
Yeah being dumb as fuck. Its like when it was flat for 3 months and then jumped hard in like 3 days.
Get some Apple 140c 1/15 or 150c 2/19 as well.
buy at 25 sell at 29 rinse and repeat
Why would Dr. PP like? Why would he do this to us?😫
[removed]
Bought NCLH during a stoned epiphany yesterday.... so far so good!
priced in
Diamond hand story time: in August I bought 2 calls for $2k that quickly doubled and then dipped to -50% through September and October. I had done serious DD and had real conviction. I bought more calls all the way down spending 14k total. 

On October 31st the ticker crushed earnings and has rallied 40%. They are now worth 48k. I would only recommend doing this on a bluechip after spending 50+ hours on DD building conviction. Ticker was sony btw, but the moral of the story is true for any company - do the work, build genuine conviction, and buy 3-9 month leaps not FDs. If your investment thesis and the medium term story hasnt changed, and the stock has dropped, then stick to your guns and reload.

If the ticker kept rising I would only have maybe 8k. Diamond hands are real, and while it is scary, and can if obviously go wrong, it does take balls to make money.
I wanna watch BP collapse. Soon!
[removed]
Why am I attracted to milfs
This boy fucks
You can call into that shit? Lol. Does it only take calls from rotary phones?
Everyone needs a boomer side to their portfolio.  To protect winnings https://i.imgur.com/AHiAWO4.jpg
Wilson FISKer
Smooth Brain final boss
you'll be lucky if it closes above 25.10
I NEED that
Just took a dump and it was a clean wipe. SPY 390 EOD
Back from hiatus. What's good?
Sad that eBay couldn’t break through
This guy gonna make Mitch to use this sub as an excuse not to increase stimmy.

Mitch: Poor people dont need stimulus. They just use it to YOLO in the market
You think he’ll beat them in grocery as well?
Wrong! USA USA USA! Best country in the history of the world!

\*poor poor cough cough die dead\*

\*\*medical bills\*\*
What're you buying next? Looking to get some puts
Stock market is just algos run by people selling you options.
[deleted]
PLTR sounds like planter. Planters have plants in them. Plants are green and grow up. Therefore, PLTR will go up. ∎
like u said, he learned from JC Penny
Dude is on Reddit, has a medieval monk's hairstyle and wants to short wsb's diamond hand positions...

Mirror mirror on the wall who is the most boomer of them all
TSLA single handedly holding up SPY with its pinky
Anything up big prior day, buy puts for the following morning at 9:30 Am  to sell at 10 AM .   Then buy calls at the dip for the EOD sale.   Cash account or big account needed, but the pattern seems to be there for 75% of the stocks.
[removed]
Hi, Im from the HTZ and KDAK crew.  We might be the buyers.
Yes, actually all the developers in my office run Windows on their MacBooks when necessary
Bought some SNOW 240 puts for late January, watch this shit rocket back up to 400 now
Added two more 1/15 puts today. See y’all at 200$!
You have a position or no?
Which one of you fucktards keep buying ZM
Late to the game dickface
opportunity costs.... more ppl will use stimmy to buy calls rather than ev...  kids are betting on mommy n daddy aka boomers, to pass so they get the inheritance... fsr is half the price
I mean it’s literally gone up since you typed your awful comment
Subtract the cost it takes to stock and sell the item, like warehouse space and staffing, stock transport to store, staffing costs, retail costs like utilities and rent, e-commerce costs if it’s listed online, transaction fees for the payment and then you get the profit.

There’s a reason retail is dying - it costs a fortune to stock and sell items in a physical store, especially when companies like Amazon are undercutting everyone. I’d be surprised if GameStop even make any profit on console sales. Sony and Microsoft usually make losses on new gen consoles to begin with, and make money from game licensing and store margins. GameStop are more likely to make profit by selling the console together with other items they can make a profit on.
Wsb helping you not to pay taxes for this year.
Did you ever get all the peanut butter off the spoon?
The jokes on you, I've got a $110 account
Witness him
Apple products are for people over 40. Bunch of shit.
My portfolio is broken, it's saying I made money at open and didn't immediately tank. Reporting this as a bug.
Nancy going live soon could swing markets a bit if stimmy talks come up https://www.c-span.org/video/?507596-1/speaker-pelosi-holds-weekly-press-conference
*tips tinfoil hat* ma'sir
I wonder why it's mooning today.
Ah I see. True. Has happened to me with MSFT, AAPL, etc. Lesson learned. 👍
The more shorts the merrier the squeeze.
It is underperforming the Nasdaq this year.  Only returned 36%.
This is the way
Did the CEO of NET get caught on one of those child prostitution islands or something?
NIO’s chart looks like a boomer EKG report, Jesus Christ this has to be one of the most manipulated stocks.
You made me bet my life savings on those.
They expire next week?
Get in here guys, this guy is fucking dumb lmao
Yea I don't buy into all that...just look at fundamentals, secular trends, and competitive landscape in China.  NIO may not overtake Tesla anytime soon, but they will flourish and absolutely explode once their capacity catches up with demand (imagine when they are pumping out 10k+ per month....not so far off) and most importantly, they are profitable; its at this point you will see Tesla like stock appreciations IMO.
The bid/ask on those is insane...
Who is this guy?
DO NOT FORGET BUY ARKG. ARKG TO THE MOON.
FCX baby
I got no position but good luck to you!!
he doesn't understand the "retard strength"
When is it expected to release? Hopefully not soon? I just dropped $1600 on the new M1 Air. Would be pissed if it was dropping relatively soon
Got a Nespresso coffee maker for Christmas. The insert said 7.7 fl oz, figured it was drip. Currently wired AF off 7 oz of pure espresso lmao
Sell and buy shares, this is a quality company that’s cheap compared to it’s potential
I only buy when everyone is bitching lmao. Works great
Shit has more volume than SPY looool
Lol
I'm very bullish on Apple because of this. Loads of people will buy the pro when it comes out. I'll probably be one of them.

I think the real thing that will print money faster than the FED, will be Apple glasses and a possible VR headset.
It’s the next GME
confessions of a bag holder
Bezo
username does not check out
This guy actually does stuff and talks to the community. That alone earned him best mod status lmao
Lol who the fuck is this alien looking dude. Is he even a real human?
Because no .3% dividend?

It's a good find, I suppose
You incredible fuckstink, stocks don't go down. GTFO here, and learn to trade with confidence.
DD:

I’m a dark knight, bitch, yeah I can’t sleep. I fly in the sky I got wings on my feet. When the sun goes down, yeah, it’s time to creep!
There not boring especially if ur making money poeple just only care about themselves I made 2 grand on a 2 grand investment and everyone I told was just like kinda weird about it like u figure poeple be happy for you or something but nope just low key kinda like cool doesn’t help me
Read some DD next time. Weeklies are the worst play for GME.
you're not even in GME
Supposedly there is a very low internal ownership of shares for that..
Destiny, destiny

No escaping 

that for me
Why don't I hear more about video game stonks here? I haven't seen a solid DD on the video game industry for awhile so here's my half-retarded one. The pandemic makes kids stay inside > kids use mommies credit card to buy fortnite skins and call of duty whatever > game companies get rich > retards like you get rich. Honestly with this new generation, they don't care about quality content, they just want to buy microtransactions and watch big titty streamers do fortnite dances. Not to mention half these companies build literal casinos into their games, this industry literally can't go tits up. 

$HERO $CRSR $TCEHY $PLTR
long
idk who they are but the name of the channel triggers vomiting reflexes
Yes, if the bill with the repeal poison pill passes the bears run riot
Definitely a little drop coming. Just grabbed some 180p for a quick scalp. Just gonna hold thru with feb and may calls
I’m calling into cspan rn. And my goal is to mention this sub
the meme is strong in you
I copied someone else's below on what is going on
Or buy
[removed]
I have missed literally every entry into BIDU :(

FML never gonna get a good win
Honkong is closed, no volume.
Never sell non meme stocks at open. This is the way. Buy some 200c 2/19 and thank me later.
At first glance it seems to be a troll account. Not a real person. Maybe not even a boomer
This guy is actually a socialist and believes in wealth redistribution.
Tesla you’re killllin me
[deleted]
Could ask you the same question 🤔
How is WMT not worth more than 400B lol
I do love the company. The only reason why I want to sell is because I want to protect myself against a possible market crash(I have too many leaps in my account overall—I would lose like 30 percent of my account irredeemably if the market were to crash then remain depressed for 2 years). Here’s to hoping I can sell at break even then possibly buy shares.
Try to run Docker on it
*You have NET options expiring worthless this week.*
Let’s go GME. Break out!
AvA Devine 😈
[deleted]
Still feel bullish on the stock. Stonks come to those who wait
Chart traders crack me up 🤣
I do not use margin at all. I don't have a ton of capital, just a small amount that I'm trying to increase consistently. Funds settle in a day. I try not to make too many trades a day.  Slow and steady for me, I try not to get too greedy as I have been down that route before a few times and know what happens.
[removed]
babycap weed rising
You’re trying to hard, just wheel that shit
I’d be fine if it was just your savings, but I mean. We are all autistic here, but that’s for your daughters future.
If you're wishing you could have been on this rocket before it blasted off, buy MicroVision. 🚀🚀🚀
Who tf is going to buy the 50 mil share offering from amc
Anyone listening to cspan right now? No way these are real people calling in rn hahaha
Covid is a joke, the Chinese are evil and Mango was one of the best presidents this country has ever seen.  Learn to think like a contrarian and you'll better understand the markets. 

Your downvote means jack shit.
Epepsi
Internet explorer user?
Yes
🚀🚀🚀
[deleted]
Is this mandarin
PLTR close at 26.10.
Why we thinking Shitway?
gualmar or macdonals
Looks like Ted from scrubs without my glasses on.
You held it this long.. whats another day? Lol
Unsure why, but BIDU is mooning.
Berkshire Hathaway is such a boomer stock that it has a symbol that's not a letter in its ticker symbol 🧓
If it goes to 5000/share you'll make $70 million.  It's fun making up unrealistic magical numbers.
Fuck this guy
Thanks, I’ll keep holding my May 40 and hope theta doesn’t wreck me too much ha
5 letter ticker to boot Godspeed you absolute madman
CRM worst stock of 2020
Ok so proterra off the table but please explain to me why hedge funds continue to load into JIH? Over and over? And before 2019 they had 0. Now they have 22. Why?
[deleted]
Who cares.  Are you saying this UK strain means they're taking COVID \*EXTRA\* seriously now?  The vaccine was top priority, UK strain or not.  It's a literal prerequisite to restoring global order.  The UK strain changes nothing in that regard.
[deleted]
Am I too late? Is this thing gonna keep going????

Edit: Did a tiny bit of DD and bought feb calls $25c 2/19
[removed]
Just got calls for end of January. What’s your plan?
This karma for making fun of Ray Dalios dead son, my tendies😭
Imagine thinking the virus isn't serious lol
Do FCEL have any infrastructure or any products or anything?
so.... buy?
My hero right here
Same
That would suck for them imagine ur just about to blow up and get rich this is just the beginning and but they leave cuz u don’t look like u have a lot and then boom next pappa Elon
So that’s what a boomer looks like in case anyone hasn’t seen one out in the wild
Bought 80 shares today 🚀
B N G O makes my balls tingle
Said the same from TSLA！
that there is a bouncy ball
It smells like abused vagina in here today. 


Jesus fuck don’t you think shit goes down before it goes back up?
B T A Q looks like a GOEV copycat targeting the Middle East.
Confirmed compared to some of the boomers here, but I live just outside Detroit so we stuck in like ‘15. People my age don’t do that shit here

These high school kids are wildin these days
Here’s a hint:

Stop buying shit AFTER it jumps 3-5%. 

😂
With Xboxs and PS5s being totally unavailable, I wouldnt be surprised if Oculus kills it this year
Lmao TSLA P/E on Google showing very close to 1337
Sold aapl for a huge loss (put) and it’s been down like a monkey since, down huge on my account cuz of XL AAPL PLTR RKT smh
I will admit I thought you were a shitty liar and sneakthief.

I apologize for doubting you. I am now in your eternal service. How may I assist?
eat my ass you fat dink
Good luck bruh. Let us know 200 years from now.
Are you fucking stupid? Like honestly? I’m coming back to this in an hour
See you here on 1/4
I’ll tell my dead ICU coworkers that Turtlesaur says it’s dumb
Imagine some chick's sole accomplishment being fap material until the end of time.  


Don't put your nudes on interwebz ladies.
You’re literally retarded
I'm riding the SPAC wave and some steel and oil calls. PSTH, IPOF, BFT, GSA H, STIC and ARK funds. Not a lot to discuss right now. Sort of trying to sit on my hands and hold longer to reduce stress.
Those r gonna rip
Depends if you think 50% of the company’s valuation was the vaccine or not
[deleted]
Sikeeeee afffff
It's not about the broker you use it's about if you're using margin or not. If you use margin, the broker gets to make the decision of whether or not to lend the % of shares the margin paid for. Which they always allow the lending (more $$ for them) therefore making more shares available to short, giving MMs more firepower to bring the price down
Baba didn’t continue mooning therefore xi and i are no longer on speaking terms
Almost. Buying BA is the most American, BABA is close tho
Fake and gay
Hi it's me, college seniors.
HOLY FUCK I LOVE THE MACBOOK M1


But the 16 inch M1X 2021 Mac book pro 

Will DESTORY all fucken competition.

no wonder Apple is pumping like a cock who sees a blond cheerleader bent over
This comment is more bipolar than my girlfriend
I have March 30C. Going to start buying shares going forward to get the price up. Do your part and buy some shares as well.
Dig through his history and find it then, I don't see shit
MT popping. Steel gang ending this year with a strong arm. 

💪
oh good I see the market is back to not giving a fuk
[deleted]
I'm rooting for you.
1 day
There were big winners on GME

and then there was you and a bunch of others, too
thoughts on RMO?
Dividends didn’t affect my previous options.
What's he on? Lewds?
Mess with people betting that a stock will go up and your wife will receive sexual intercourse from them.
God speed brother.
Heresy! Burn this man
Haha i just wanted to try to see if the tip any good looks like its a bad idea o well let it bleed then
math adds up
Draftkings hold your fucking gains for once
And then pull off after you prove it
How is that playing out for you guys?
AAPL puts here
My New Years resolution is to never buy an option again
holy fucking shit
Fuck this half bald Kennedy bitch
SPXL and SPXS
AMC is doing a MoviePass
Fucking rip man, down 30% in the last 3 trading days. cmon HEAR you piece of garbage
I can answer "yes millions of shares" 


Pics or it didn't happen
savv
i'd fuck a Renaissance thott
Chalk this up to lesson learned. You don’t buy leaps when a ticker is shooting up with IV spiking. Control the impulse. 
You will be fine to wait to break even or profit
>no one is talking about

The CEO was just on CNBC
Hmmm yes quite!
why?
Nobody's giving a fuck about Pandemic 2.0.  Covid is literally a cold.
Tonight on 20/20...
Definitely got insider info. Or is the one sniping those 'rocket' out the sky.  If so that person should let us know.
Found it

 ARK Innovation ETF (ARKK) has announced a long term capital gains distribution of $0.41657 and short term capital gains distribution of $1.62774 per ARKK Share. The record date is December 30, 2020; the payable date is on December 31, 2020. The ex-distribution date for this distribution will be December 29, 2020. CONTRACT ADJUSTMENT EFFECTIVE DATE: December 29, 2020 NEW MULTIPLIER: 100 (e.g., for premium extensions a premium of 1.50 equals $150; a strike of 135.00 yields $13,500.00). CONTRACT MULTIPLIER: 1 STRIKE PRICES: Strike prices will be reduced by 2.04431 and rounded to the nearest penny. (For example, a strike of 80 will be reduced to 77.96; a strike of 100 will be reduced to 97.96)
all I see is green brother
Lol. Been 💎 🙌 on GME, PLTR, CRM, etc. So I thought just make some profit than losing. And here I am. 🤷🏻‍♂️🤦🤦
yes
[deleted]
When even the professionals are inverting WSB for gains.  Bahahaha.
His #1 reason to buy is because a bunch of old people died 😂
I need Dr PP’s option picks
I thought i was in r/investing
So the calls won’t go back to normal?
Imagine actually wearing a mask and social distancing / staying inside.
partly what you say has merit , the other 80 percent you have no clue what your saying
you never seen those really detailed naked greek statues?
Good luck bruh
Positions?
ARCT on sale, or stay away?
If I’d put everything into that last month rather than what I’ve bought in the market I’d be doing so much better rn hah
It was so much better when we used to just comment our positions
What time is Ackman on today?
ARK leaps. This is the way.
This adult fucks
I see you VIX
It is retarded, but Im in. **NOK** $7c 4.2021 **NOK** $10c 1.2022

Catalysts: 6G for EU & 4G on the literal moon. Google it
This one ☝️ And even at that unfortunately people mostly only care about themselves And will be mad they couldn’t /didn’t get that money. nobody cares unless it benefits them  Sadly poeple are very selfish
Boys let’s pump NIO to 47.5 eod!!! We got NIO day coming up let’s not let our lord Xi down!!🇨🇳🇨🇳🇨🇳🇨🇳🇨🇳🇨🇳🇨🇳🇨🇳🇨🇳🇨🇳🇨🇳🇨🇳🇨🇳🇨🇳🇨🇳🇨🇳🇨🇳🇨🇳🇨🇳🇨🇳🇨🇳🇨🇳🇨🇳🇨🇳🇨🇳🇨🇳
MP is back!
[removed]
Someone scalped 70k contracts?? Insane. One day, we will get there. My goal is to get $1k+ profits everyday too.
hey apple boys, shit loads of calls being bought right 💎🤘
LOL I got April MT but not confident of this
$30k is not much. I spent $35k on calls yesterday no YouTube video for me. who cares
you are a kid too
I’m balls deep in BABA. Luckily for me, that’s only about 4.5 inches so my risk tolerance is still strong.
I have no idea about news.  Was overbought and the low volume.  My guess is there’s some beta with EV stocks in general.  But those precious metals go in everything these days.
Sold SQ at open at the contract high and bought and sold NIO 1DTE at the peak. 

It IS a winning strategy for shit expiring less than 2 weeks.
2 or 3 tickle fingers? Lmao I laughed way to hard at this. 


Thanks for the advice!
Thanks for all of your MARA and RIOT shares keep selling them to me
[deleted]
GME volume so low.
#ARKG DUMPING HARD
Thanks Rod. You're one in a million and I appreciate all the effort you put into this.
Why am i so retarded?
someone posted it I thought that explained it
I have leaps but goddamn it's such an annoying stocks. Anytime it opens high it just immediately shits on itself
Lmfao. That last line be hitting different I got so many friends trying to do shit like that.
Yeah!! Jesus man some of these people out here actually not paying rent with their internet points... no karma lookin ass
buy baba, literally at near bottom
At least you don’t have 200 like someone
If there is a pandemic 2.0 because of the new mutant variant (still think very unlikely), the world is not prepared for that sort of economic impact. Pandemic 2.0 can be super catastrophic. Hope that doesn't happen
was kicking myself for not holding PLTR for another $0.30 But I'll be okay to let go of these bags - was worried I'd lose more $$ if it dropped again today.
Down 85% on my gme weeklies. Without Devine intervention looks like they going to expire worthless next week. Sucks a big one bruh. Last time I listen to you retards.
Why I'm on this sub:

1.The memes

2. to lose all my money

3. get rich
Never fuck with the mouse.
;)
Bear is fat

Funny
One of us
9k of value left in my NVDA 515/510p credit spreads expiring tomorrow... Fuck do I hold for another day
Here are the columns I'm working with in this report:

    Index(['Market_and_Exchange_Names', 'As_of_Date_In_Form_YYMMDD',
           'Report_Date_as_YYYY-MM-DD', 'CFTC_Contract_Market_Code',
           'CFTC_Market_Code', 'CFTC_Region_Code', 'CFTC_Commodity_Code',
           'Open_Interest_All', 'Dealer_Positions_Long_All',
           'Dealer_Positions_Short_All', 'Dealer_Positions_Spread_All',
           'Asset_Mgr_Positions_Long_All', 'Asset_Mgr_Positions_Short_All',
           'Asset_Mgr_Positions_Spread_All', 'Lev_Money_Positions_Long_All',
           'Lev_Money_Positions_Short_All', 'Lev_Money_Positions_Spread_All',
           'Other_Rept_Positions_Long_All', 'Other_Rept_Positions_Short_All',
           'Other_Rept_Positions_Spread_All', 'Tot_Rept_Positions_Long_All',
           'Tot_Rept_Positions_Short_All', 'NonRept_Positions_Long_All',
           'NonRept_Positions_Short_All', 'Change_in_Open_Interest_All',
           'Change_in_Dealer_Long_All', 'Change_in_Dealer_Short_All',
           'Change_in_Dealer_Spread_All', 'Change_in_Asset_Mgr_Long_All',
           'Change_in_Asset_Mgr_Short_All', 'Change_in_Asset_Mgr_Spread_All',
           'Change_in_Lev_Money_Long_All', 'Change_in_Lev_Money_Short_All',
           'Change_in_Lev_Money_Spread_All', 'Change_in_Other_Rept_Long_All',
           'Change_in_Other_Rept_Short_All', 'Change_in_Other_Rept_Spread_All',
           'Change_in_Tot_Rept_Long_All', 'Change_in_Tot_Rept_Short_All',
           'Change_in_NonRept_Long_All', 'Change_in_NonRept_Short_All',
           'Pct_of_Open_Interest_All', 'Pct_of_OI_Dealer_Long_All',
           'Pct_of_OI_Dealer_Short_All', 'Pct_of_OI_Dealer_Spread_All',
           'Pct_of_OI_Asset_Mgr_Long_All', 'Pct_of_OI_Asset_Mgr_Short_All',
           'Pct_of_OI_Asset_Mgr_Spread_All', 'Pct_of_OI_Lev_Money_Long_All',
           'Pct_of_OI_Lev_Money_Short_All', 'Pct_of_OI_Lev_Money_Spread_All',
           'Pct_of_OI_Other_Rept_Long_All', 'Pct_of_OI_Other_Rept_Short_All',
           'Pct_of_OI_Other_Rept_Spread_All', 'Pct_of_OI_Tot_Rept_Long_All',
           'Pct_of_OI_Tot_Rept_Short_All', 'Pct_of_OI_NonRept_Long_All',
           'Pct_of_OI_NonRept_Short_All', 'Traders_Tot_All',
           'Traders_Dealer_Long_All', 'Traders_Dealer_Short_All',
           'Traders_Dealer_Spread_All', 'Traders_Asset_Mgr_Long_All',
           'Traders_Asset_Mgr_Short_All', 'Traders_Asset_Mgr_Spread_All',
           'Traders_Lev_Money_Long_All', 'Traders_Lev_Money_Short_All',
           'Traders_Lev_Money_Spread_All', 'Traders_Other_Rept_Long_All',
           'Traders_Other_Rept_Short_All', 'Traders_Other_Rept_Spread_All',
           'Traders_Tot_Rept_Long_All', 'Traders_Tot_Rept_Short_All',
           'Conc_Gross_LE_4_TDR_Long_All', 'Conc_Gross_LE_4_TDR_Short_All',
           'Conc_Gross_LE_8_TDR_Long_All', 'Conc_Gross_LE_8_TDR_Short_All',
           'Conc_Net_LE_4_TDR_Long_All', 'Conc_Net_LE_4_TDR_Short_All',
           'Conc_Net_LE_8_TDR_Long_All', 'Conc_Net_LE_8_TDR_Short_All',
           'Contract_Units', 'CFTC_Contract_Market_Code_Quotes',
           'CFTC_Market_Code_Quotes', 'CFTC_Commodity_Code_Quotes',
           'CFTC_SubGroup_Code', 'FutOnly_or_Combined', 'SPX_Price',
           'rolling_dealer_short_52average', 'dealer_short52_rank',
           'rolling_dealer_short_26average', 'dealer_short26_rank'],
          dtype='object')
I have a theoretical degree in physics and I say PLTR to the moon. $250 EOY 2021 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Buy IHAK June calls and laugh your way to the bank
I got that too.
same brother. 30% institutional holding so were good man trust thats how this works
$9M sweep on 1/8 366p 😂💀
Same. I averaged down some today but I have no more day trades so I’m holding... hopefully we can get a boomer bump
[deleted]
Bidu at open.
3/22 300 BABA calls still up 27% 🥳
Username checks out.
Don't forget to literally scroll through WSB in your video like a true fucking degent
It’s a yahoo article.  Fuck yahoo
[deleted]
Pass the award please
I got in both at ipo. One has gone up 50 percent and one has gone up 150 percent
Making money while not thinking of everyone else. GREEDY LITTLE PIGGIES
Extreme boomer is using android, fuck with the bulls you get the horns.
Smooth operator
Been watching Millionaire Trading Gurus on Youtube--  
They seem oblivious to just how lucky they've been this year, as in, it's clear they don't know what the hell they're doing but still made money in an unprecedented bull market.
“Is WSB about internet culture or memes” 

“Yes”
If they announce it on Tuna day, bearish.
DIS triple top, beautiful. Puts printing
I’ve been holding the bags since 50😪
yeah... if it goes any higher Im DUMPING it
I love getting the RemindMe and seeing that this has been deleted 🤣
[deleted]
Same lol
Good ones
Guys let’s pump NIO up
NVTA 50c 1/15/2021
$DUDE MerlynAI SectorSurfer Momentum ETF

Total meme shit
20c Leaps checking in. Top 10 revenue generator in the world still.
da fuq - did Disney announce a new vaccine today
WM 2/19c  What do yall think?
if /u/usir_jack_a_lot jumped off a bridge, would you?

you dug your own grave, rest for a while
I think they announced that like 2 weeks ago , or same amount for another fine
[deleted]
so meme stocks are back today
How’s it feel to have 📄🙌?

Just sold my 170 and 175c.
Bought 1000 more shares
Aliens existence is already pretty accepted by religious people that aren't southern evangelical nutcases.
Same.  Bought at the top.
Calm before storm?
Is sell off season finally over?
Time to unload LAZR?
It may yet go down again. But up is the only way out for the shorts.
Yes. My faith means more to me than reasoning.
BABA 1/8 $240C
[deleted]
Your either gonna be broke or get a call from the sec
[removed]
the ge of ev... where money will go to die
[deleted]
The buy high sell low formula
not a teenager, but they're losing their minds over lack of social interaction, not the class - ie. not seeing friends for 10 months
Product might be good, but the business isn't. It's gubmint subsidized (most customers are gubmint)
In the end, us boomers with shares always win.
NIO.  Get on the rocket.
Number of contracts in circulation at the given type, strike, and date. Number goes up when contracts are written.
Anybody else shorting Snowflake? Just me? My wife’s boyfriend gave me the idea
I for one am shocked that people in the stock market are trying to make money
u/stonksflyingup have you ever donated to a charity?
Saw BABA got a fine and freaked out. Its for $76,600...
Good work.
Got a link handy?
is it me or does AI usually have higher percent gainz than pltr
I just have boomer shares, I think they will do well overall in the long term
[deleted]
Have ARK explain the fucked up option pricing and how they change a call strike from $130 to $130.96
[deleted]
For every gild make sure you match with more shares
**QQQJ** finally rising after a week-long dip
still pltr, just after lockup ends and institutions buy in
Lord I hope so.
Retarded persons...it was his parents
Holding strong on 700 12/31
Couldn’t pump that dump!
Cap
Just need the 220 support to hold. Had a nice bounce off it last time
Use your greenery to buy GME as per the WSB accords.
I admire the confidence but for a dinosaur like me it gets annoying sometimes. It is for sure generational so I try to be understanding and let it roll off me. Had an intern at work who was asked to do something pretty basic but necessary and she tried to say no because it was beneath her. Hello? You are an intern. I have been doing this a long time and still have to do mundane tasks from time to time. No you will not graduate from college and be a VP at multi national fortune 500 business. No you will probably not make it as a big hill snowboarder since you just started a year ago.
This thing wants to go
Y’all. Just fucking hold.
This sub is the greatest place on the whole fuckin internet.
What chart do you watch? 1D 1M? 5D 5M?
explain please
AMD gang
Finally big green after 2 days of big red
They still have 19 months to select a target. Why do you think it’s going to happen in Q1?
What Options would you all do with $500?
I only bought a little at the 220 dip, I’m kinda hoping it goes back there so I can grab more
[deleted]
I lost it. She was great
FML. Sold DIS Calls at open and now they are 🚀🚀🚀
Do the thing tesla do it now
Might be a really retarded play but I saw a post about NOK (Nokia) yesterday and bought some shares. Please roast me
That's a statue it's not JPEG
Look, I’m just trying to educate people on the rough framework of how this share lending works. Nothing wrong with being in a margin account, more rope for the shorts to hang with. But if you want to be able to vote for RC Ventures talk to your broker about how you’d ensure your shares aren’t lent out. Cheers!
Look up what they do and who they have contracts with. Then imagine their product in 5 years. It's almost a necessity.
Only if you want it to go up
No but she could be your future offspring
Anyone got a super max whale play this morning?
FDX oversold?
Tomorrow? Niceeee
Apple can go fuck it’s self. I was 50$ from being in the green all time. I buy two call contracts. Down 15% again. Jesus fucking christ keep falling. Take my money you piece of shit company
Why did it dip from 36 to 31 this wk?
Not touching that manipulated thing ever again
Alright SQ stop fucking around
Someone is telling me that yesterday on fox business they said that even with the vaccine that quarantine won’t be over for 18 more months 

Does anyone know who the panel interview was yesterday and if this is actually what was said?
The guy is a majority shareholder in $CAWK.
Why is this more bullish, I’m retarded
Cool wanna buy my shares at 19?

All joking aside I really liked this company until it fucking plummeted like a rock after merge, I get maybe a 5-10% drop but fucking 40%?!?!
[removed]
Maybe they're taking their MT tendies and to avoid a wash-sale they're switching over to CLF.
Are you up?
UK approved trade deal with EU today. MT gang, time to buy up some shares. lets get to 24 EOW.
All these ghey ass imaginary and arbitrary sell off lines.

If shit is being bought, let it be bought you fucking cucks. It’s not our fault that the fucking morons over wrote options on one side now they’re scared of losing money so they either pin shit, or fucking sell shit. 

Fucking douchebags man. Fuck banks, institutions, and institutional investors, you’re fucking parasites.
Upward?
Buying BABA is the most American thing you can do. 🇺🇸 🇺🇸 🇺🇸
You think $6k is an enormous amount of money lmaoo
Positions check? 

NVTA 1/15/2021 45c

PLTR 1/20/2023 50c

TMO 6/18/2021 500c

Hedge: TZA 7/16/2021 20c
I google to see who the fuck this Mr. Burns looking idiot is and first thing that comes up is him bragging about how long he's been following Dr. PP on Twitter.

https://mobile.twitter.com/MemberSee/status/1338974962481324033 

That's all the DD I need, GME 🚀
at least my slitcoins doing well
No problem!
This thread aged well for this morning. Tendie town is on the horizon. Steel balls iron hards.
Yeah but a Range Rover breaks down every other week
just buy amzn at 1030 every morning and sell at next open
So stop doing that.
Terrible idea
Holding strong on these TSLA 680 12/31s
I say 230+ by April once all of that starts getting priced in along with DIS+ Services increasing their subscription price in March, Earnings run-up and any other good news + price target upgrades. This should be a great year for the mouse as both a stay at home and recovery play.

positions: 250 & 260c 4/16 and a 260c 2/19 (I have a small account) but I got them on the 23rd and they've been printing lol
Ouch. I want to apologize in advance for your losses
Arilines.
You just need three words and an emoji: TO THE MOON  🚀
Wake up filthy
Probably. But I’ve been playing it too safe lately and needed to do some dumb shit
What do all these words mean
looks like our gay maple PM Justin Trudeau
Hardly
Amount of open contracts
After a while it’s only numbers and loses its bite
They’ll just have various sex robots that come to your house at that point. Porn won’t be around then.
Because everyone else is buying calls obviously
Bruh they literally had nude statues in Ancient Greece???
Wow looking like an actual green day for me - FINALLY
[deleted]
I am just holding this piece of shit for a long now
No it's the number of contracts being held by buyers
[deleted]
Haaaawwwwkk chuuuuu 💦
Stimmy pump confirmed
Dropped 10k in SHOP calls. Pleas fly
yeah.... it was borderline hallucinations, I could’ve swore I was looking at my phone and seeing like, my girl tweeting back and forth w some dude very vulgar and I’d have to open my eyes and shake it. This happened for like 2 - 3 hours. Shit was weird.
You're a power top
Your comments read exactly like trump tweets, too many exclamation marks. makes me think you're a boomer
[deleted]
WHERE YOU FROM
The Big Short
Vix going down that bullish right lol
That's literally paint dawg
So mid February we should be Gucci?
I think some big players got to be buying today. I think this is a good sign.
yes
Look at the weekly chart. Seems to be consolidating and pulling back. Might need a few more weeks.
Dude has 700 followers. The real question is why do we care about him losing money?
Tons of clean energy investments as well from Foreign countries.  China is investing heavily.  I think US just getting into the game of Africa by recognizing Sahara desert part of Morocco.  Morocco has been euphoric since then.   US didnt just give Sahara to Morocco since they are cute
They're buying a garage door manufacturer dude... The valuation is ok around 11x 2021 EBITDA and a solid CAGR (30%ish?) 

But it's not Proterra
DKNG doesnt make any money though, so by that logic, RSI doesn't make any money.
22% gains and I can’t lock them in
Unfortunately I bought the “dip” too early. My calls are still down 40% 🤡
they were just in text form before then. imagine not wanking to the story of bathsheba in the sunday school bathroom.
Modular = Tim Apple 🍏 gonna snatch them up.
[deleted]
MP gonna rip to $40
If you didn’t buy that apple dip you hate money
[deleted]
Renaissance art?
He sold.

You're holding the bags.
Everything I buy is the top.
I don’t like what this place has turned into. It was great with under a million users, back in 2019
**ICLN** $35c 2022 | **AC\`LS** $40c 3.19.21 | **QQQJ** $36c 2.19.21
$MGNI breakout coming! Hop aboard the retard rocket! 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
damn nib
BABA potentially having a tough time today because China giving US gov the stiff arm over selling US gov owned buildings in Hong Kong
It keep crashing since I bought.
VLDR: $25 EOD      $30 EOY
they're definitely not meant to be healthy, but i agree that the nonsense is hard to filter out now
Why?
This guy gets it
Yea I have long position I wouldn’t be surprised if it hits 200 before it goes back up to 260. CRM gets lumped with cloud stocks and will get sold off due to profit taking
So you’re saying it’s definitely stripe then? 😂
This ride hurts me. The hands are strong at 800 shares. But fuck me, what a ride
[deleted]
Does open interest on RH mean that people have orders placed on the certain option? Is this buys and sells
I would have to look at the MacD and RSI but I don't think so.
[deleted]
7% that the person is virgin?
Still waiting..
TSLA about to explode
I bought a MELI FD just for fun and literally the stock mooned right after and shit is down 75%. Lol I was testing out my luck today and it still hasn’t changed. The chart shows you were I bought a put at.
We need update on that pump and dump asshole who put  over a million into crsr.
[deleted]
Arkg?
Crazy thought : can't believe I won't be alive to see the hottest pornstar of 2174
You can downgrade your RH account to a cash account if you don’t have any shares bought with margin. But I’m leaning towards agreeing with you on shares having to be covered. Wouldn’t we want more shares to be lent out to keep the short % up for maximum squeeze? Or am I just blowing smoke out my ass.
Should I cut my losses and sell my BNTX positions? #baghold
This sub is amazing lmfao
A lot of people are just learning about dividends, pricing, and how it affects options thanks to ARK
Join the "Fuld Stop the Short" fund.  Good thing his twitter gets 10 likes.   He is almost as popular as my cat on insta ... Turkey\_da\_cat
[deleted]
[deleted]
Flipping burgers by night, to fuel my cash back stocks by day!!!! 🚀🚀🚀🚀
no time like the present
Then it should have stopped in November
that would be unfortunate
Reddit's 'top growing communities' are a spitting image of my moves this morning:

&#x200B;

r/instant_regret 

r/Wellthatsucks

r/MakeMeSuffer

&#x200B;

I can only hope that the last one they show me is in the cards

r/nonononoyes
its ok ebay , take it nice and slow
Relax bro they're not communists
[removed]
vxx awoken
[deleted]
Market is on drugs
Sounds like thc/cbd withdrawl to me.

I find meditation helps a TON in these situations. It allows you to direct where your thoughts are going and which thoughts you are interacting with, which can be a lot of fun in that hallucination pre-dream space.
[marilyn manson - rock is dead](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vEc9nXErU-Y)
I thought he admited their was no evidence of fraud and that’s why Donnie is bending him over with Georgia and the stimulus deal
That paper handed motherfucker let go of the balloons! Wrong message. Hold the stock.
That’s why we got cave wall
Paintings to jack it to
To average down on my ttd weeklies or bite the bullet
everyone and their mother bought or upgraded a PC last/this Q
[deleted]
Yeah people are just pumping their own positions. Wouldnt be shocked if some of the spac pumpers come from the firms pumping the stock
Why didn’t I buy the dip yesterday was free money smh
[deleted]
np. seriously, its a great fucking game. i'm not even a car dude, but driving around in the open world, entering races. building/buying cars. its a blast. enjoy
Total flash sale rn
sadly many really don’t see through it, I live here and a lot of people are just truly that stupid
Great question
[deleted]
Dude just poked the bear
Another 10% upside in CYBR in the next two weeks and I can retire. Literally free money.
[deleted]
Yeah bro we’re all hiding from the algos that crawl TF out of here
Buy puts
First option I'm ever trading, 27$ PLTR call for Monday

did i do this right?
Pepe Silvia is BULLISH on PLTR

choo choo
I actually like this play and the energy sector as a whole right now, big discounts to be had and I’ve been sitting on some energy leaps over the last few months. 

I’ve been telling my friends about BP and the transition they are making to clean energy and why they could be the future of old school oil companies. As soon as they do enough to satisfy the ESG crowd, at least to the extent that they can, it will add a whole new inflow of investment that left for ESG reasons. Also, if Biden cuts down on oil production, and it really is a finite resource bound to run out soon, this would spike the price of oil along with the rebound for demand after the pandemic is over. I’m one of the biggest oil bulls right now and BP is leading the way with their adaptation of some clean energy sources. 

I also don’t believe that companies like CVX and XOM are just twiddling their thumbs, waiting for the companies to go under. They have to be trying to do something to satisfy the ESG crowd or at least show they are taking steps to add other clean energy sources too.
try watching tv until you just fall asleep so you don't just sit there and think
Cool, so I went all on gme shares and calls in my Fidelity margin account, then as of yesterday you're the second person talking about how we should be using cash only.

So wtf is the expectation? That I sell off my shares until I'm no longer using margin?
Just noticed that and ARKG shows strikes ending in .21
Thanks, machine.

Ultimately you must be destroyed.

The industrial revolution and its consequences have been a disaster for the human race.

DESTROY THE MACHINES
Why?
I cannot wait to see the meltdown in here when PSTH inevitably merges with Subway
Green days are nice.
Crazy thought : no nudes from women before the 1900's exist. That's crazy man fucc. Think of all the beauties from the 1200's and like 300 BC
[deleted]
Y’all at the mercy of a 9 year old with a BB gun
So buy GME Calls? What’s the exp boyz?
[removed]
https://imgur.com/gallery/NDdI8ak
I was so excited
Should I buy some 1/8 $23 calls for GME ???
You’re right, the end result is no different if people don’t shit themselves and wipe with their 🧻👋. I moreso want people to understand how it works & what they need to do if they want to be able to vote for RC Ventures come proxy time.
[deleted]
Why will it be $20?
[deleted]
This shit stock wtf my 100 shares bleeding
Agreed.
How delightfully devilish of you, Seymour!
I used to have Tidal because of him being exclusive for his music and then he sold out so I switched because Spotify was cheaper and gave me showtime and hulu
I only bought 10 at 135 my cost average is now 131 lol
If GME ain’t popping now, it’ll get smothered midday which is the usual pattern. Morning pop. Shorts push it down. Starts to claw back EOD. GG, boys. One small battle at a time.
Because we can't read anyway?
So is CRSR ever going to not be gay?
No more free advice chump
50% of me does that too but the other half completely yeets money so fuck you re

Edit: bagheld pltr at 15 but also have 375 Baba calls Jan 8 /: bought them the day of the drop too lmaooo
Clf nice
Can anyone explain to me why China can't or won't let BABA sink? They could just transfer ownership of their assets to other nationally owned companies. They aren't rational or fair lol, they throw people in labor camps for years for defying the party.

I hope you guys make money but I sense another Xi Jinping honeydick pump where they siphon American retail money and move it to PDD
[deleted]
Sigh... I just want to be able to not go into work and deal with stanky ass coworkers. Is that so much to ask for?
Seems like a good idea. I’ll throw in a bit to see if it pumps a few %
[deleted]
It was during one of the worst down months of the 08 crash that the VW short squeeze happened. Don't forget that. Even if the market (and GME) is falling, just hold the line with GME.
I really hope this bullshit cost McConnell his leadership role but I have a feeling it won't. Too many people plugged into fox/newsmax/Facebook to see how fucking simple their choice really is.
Well I do not have a Christian Science degree, but if you do and you're saying God is behind this stock, I am buying more. 

Buy more, heathen bastards! Save yourselves!
You can get your thumb out of my ass any time now, Benioff
Bought it at 133
It'll get back to around 180 eventually but it might drop below 120 first but yesterday could've been the bottom of the dip. If you buy shares and hold long enough, you'll be fine.
Remember how excited you were about BABA last night?  Dumbass.
Nice. If you can hold flat into the new year, that's a win. Gives you a strong base for a green start to January.
This is the way.
I’ll buy 1k more shares just to fuck this guy over
Impulse bought a leap on tsm at the top, immediately 200 dollars in the red since I forgot to check the bid ask price. I would normally hold, but after buying i realized I’m overly leveraged and I’m now scared. Should I just bite the bullet and sell for piece of mind? Or should I wait for break even?
Dividend date this week fucking with strikes
Nah I sold $20 puts
[deleted]
I was timid and got 180C leaps but I think with streaming and summer reopening you are going to see some records thrown out to pump this shit close to 200
I didn't know. Damn, this gets me excited...
Buy the Dip
Not the Tip
Let the Tendies Rip
You guys do REEEEEsearch?
Somebody with a rich daddy (ran Lehman Bros.?) is giving out awards.
But pussies like 2, maybe 3 tickle fingers and a thumb. They get kinda mad when you hand clap them and leave.
I got May $260c. Bought around $225 and have been adding to my position down to $220
I bought 6 shares because its all I had left on buying power. Everything is on IPOF.
Always theta gang!
If anything Ackman will lie. Inverse whatever he says on TV
You babys dont know the meaning of diamond hands do you?
Canoo will be at 20 in a week from now, not buying is pure idiocy
Anybody see that 2020 Netflix show and see that lady said she can’t miss her PTON class
Crm is just gonna go to 0 isn't it
☃️☃️☃️🍻
ONEOK is an interesting play. I’ve been selling OTM calls on it since March. Up 600% as of today 🚀
Holy fuck!!!! Airlines going upppp!!!!
eoy is my guess
[removed]
BFT A shape recovery?
Buy apple calls now you tards.
Agreed hop on the train !🚂
[deleted]
[deleted]
/r/babystreetbets
During a steel sheet mania you want to be mining iron
What's the long term business plan for GME. For real, like it's been in steady decline, hows it going to grow?
Perhaps that used to mean something but the west is declining while the rest are catching up at breakneck speed.
Seems like you’re wrong today. It’s rising. How does it feel to be such a 🐻
Bull flag on SPY
ok boomer. got to start somewhere
Made a cool $10k on the mouse in 24 hours. Time to go to the butcher and get some steaks.
[deleted]
Thanks for the tip, I'll keep it in mind.

And yeah I've got an ISA full of palantir haha but not gonna touch it for a few years.
Sounds like you have a personal relationship w this stock.
60+ after earnings. Yes, after
Damn, that’s what I’m calling him from now on.
spread
I bought like 300 last week and you can see what happened.
42069 hehehehe going to go buy 42069 shares now
I think I saw suggestions price might drop Jan 7 from share dilutions? I'm not sure how people can say PLTR is the one that's overvalued when PLTR has higher revenue than SNOW and way smaller share price?
It’s that thing that inflates when a frog croaks
Steel quietly mooning
Just play shares starting a week from now
The latter
Cause she knows you live in your mom’s basement
Question OP, how did you get around Webulls’s settled funds policy, do you have a margin account? Or just a shit ton of capital?
don’t people on here still play 0dte SPY? it’s still fun once in a while
7 Countries actually.   All those countries will be in hyperdrve growth mode.  Trump also just opened Sahara to Morocco.
Or probably a charger ...
[removed]
oh it’s on me regardless lmao still gotta show some love
What are your positions?
Why do the ARK strike prices all end in .96?
i love you
Get fucked sir pump and dump a lot
two days ago, yeah
This sub was better when all we talked about was gaping our holes 💢
[deleted]
My apologies. GAMBLE*

This is true, which is why retail is showing how fucking dumb they are once again. 

Panic on the lows; fomo on the high
Imagine thinking your shit plays went to shit because of some mysterious boogie man rigging everything against you. Maybe you’re just bad at this??
I see 🚀🚀🚀and I buy
Tech shitting the bed while the rest of the market is green. Chef kiss
Feeling pretty good about those 12/31 $21 covered calls I sold Friday.
Meme stock
[deleted]
Too late, already panic selling!
It’s saying hi to max
I read somewhere that selling at open is a winning strategy but i think it might have been /investing so...   
pretty much anything is a winning strategy over the timeperiod they operate on
I am back at break even after being down 10% each of the last two days.
honestly everything looks like its on sale right now. even uvxy.
I’m sorry guys I bought 20 shares of ARKK at 127 then it dropped to 125
Since not everyone is selling CCs, if you get exercised they just shift some stocks around and those lent shares stay in the pool
I know its confirmation bias for me being positive on NIO - but I laugh at the dumb anti NIO shit people say with negatives b/c of some weird jingoistic anti China vibe.

For example "Nio doesn't make their own cars!" - well most analysts actually like that about the company b/c CCP has created an overabundance of auto manufacturing ability that sits unused. So Nio not making their own cars means less capex right now and good deals on having them produced by someone else.
[deleted]
which one
End of year sell of. The fact that we're level is a good sign to be honest, shows the market otherwise would be green. Hopefully the market makes up for it at the start of January.
Vxx and spy racing
I’m feeling iffy based on this CNBC interview. Waiting for a bullish dd
No, we said buy calls. You never fucking listen, do you?
BLNK 👏
Ten minutes after you suckers bought it.
I'll be back after lunch when PLTR is at 27
I'm younger than you, and anyone who says that stupid shit is a worthless cockclown.

That being said, you coming to my party mansion next week?
that ryan cohen dude  from chewy turned an online dog food store into a 46b company and now hes trying to do it to gamestop via potentially a forced takeover plus its the most shorted stock on the stock market so if he does takeover its gonna moon from the shorts covering
gme boutta moon
most of you guys don’t know this, but earlier this year most people would just comment their positions in this chat.. i’m not seeing that anymore wtf
Whether it's a meme account or not, GME gang fucking our way to the moon 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Sbux 😻😻
Hey, same side, but different opinion. I hope Marvin and B of A short every single share on margin accounts they can get their hands on. I don’t care if they temporarily push the price down. It puts them deeper on the wrong side (my opinion, although sentiment on here is overwhelmingly bullish...which naturally has me more nervous). I feel we’re at the point of no return. If they want to keep going deeper, it only means a more vicious unwind of the position when it does turnaround. If you’re in it for the long term, not weekly options, I don’t think it’s much of a worry if they keep up their 🐻 ways.
Just notice his music was on spotify the other day lol
Just buy and hold
[Always has been](https://i.ibb.co/RpW4r42/611c1ba8782a.png)

^^^this ^^^has ^^^been ^^^an ^^^accessibility ^^^service ^^^from ^^^your ^^^friendly ^^^neighborhood ^^^bot
I am firmly a strong believer that corsair is garbage unless you plan on holding shares for 6+ months out but why bother when there are thousands of other plays to make instead. Just don't get the hype around this one after that pump and dump back in Nov by institutions
At least if this whole thing falls through you could probably still afford 'dance' lessons for her
Graham Stephan said he sold all his losing stocks to "tax loss harvest."   
LOL - has anyone told this guy who our new el presidente is?
Why is Tim apple such a cuck
[deleted]
Not LEAP holders :)
Of course not, its a corpse twitch
[removed]
That’s facts. I’m 22 but I live in Detroit so we still live in like 2015 lol. Everyone a year or two younger than me here is into that brand shit. It was actually a really weird disconnect in high school between my grade and the grades below. Kids in the younger grades tried to cancel several of my friends for clout during my senior year lol. Shit was preposterous.
Need a life raft this week, getting tired of treading water 😰
They must be making bank from these oculuses too
Boomer Buffet has 6.1M shares of SNOW now, thoughts?
It's just gotta break this new $40 resistance.
Mouse too strong 😈
Happened a few days ago and you can tell the difference
[deleted]
Always has been
That’s a better idea. It’s one of my most consistent profits normally
That’s what I like to see GME nice reversal keep dat green coming so I can keep cumming 😩😩
I'm up today on everything I guess, but not really by much. Pretty slow day. Nothing jumping high.
AMZN options are so expensive. Big sad of being too poor for that. 😞
If you buy shares on margin, the brokerage owns the shares technically you’re just entitled to the profits/losses. Then the brokerage can lend these shares to short sellers, at least that’s what I think he’s pointing out ? But I’m just a retard so do your own DD.
Only if you’re retarded
That's it, I'm paper handing my PLTR 12/31 25
Yeah wtf I scrolled the whole thread hoping for a source, I'm at work right now and I just hung up on a customer because I need to find more videos of this. Like bro, shit can wait-- it's beaver sporting events time.
That post is 26 days old...
Looking like a flat day for BABA
I just went balls deep
Nice nice, dated after Nio day?
Airlines will be back up and running by the summer! Can't go tits up!
The hell is happening to HIMX???
Which is fucked! Feels helpless not being able to do shit about it either lol
ARK leaps, this is the way.   
ARKK 127.96c 1/21/22   
ARKK 157.96c 1/21/22
[deleted]
retweet
This sub is... truly... the light of my life some times. 
No stock exp. Simple lurker, but God damn if you folks don't make me lol (literally) with the movie scene gifs and razor sharp humor. 

Thank you all.
Also. If this sub ever becomes private, please, anyone, invite me to the show.
I only just bought it. And no real expiry. Be aware you were told.
Did Jack A Lot dump CRSR?
Bloomberg
That's the one.
[deleted]
BUY BUY BUY, last chance here
u speak english and live in the western world
[deleted]
get ur ZS $200c while u can lmfao
Just bought into an AI-driven ETF on it’s very first day 🙈 this is either going to be amazing or a total waste of money
[deleted]
The more people short it, the better the squeeze. This is good news for us.
Who got stimulated
[removed]
Buy the FCEL mini dip!!!
Hilarious how no one is in RSI yet, literally makes almost as much money as draft kings and is growing like crazy, still only 1/4th market cap of draft kings. Can’t wait to see you all fomo in after it goes up 50% in the next couple of days
It's still a shit car though
People keep saying this but frankly I don't believe it. When it comes to stocks, I look for what the normie says as opposed to the enthusiast. I have yet to meet a normie who's stoked on buying a scuf controller. HOWEVER, after realizing I couldn't buy a PS5, I started building a PC. Once I put the damn thing together and discovered how prevalent CRSR was and how proprietary their RGB ecosystem was, I knew I had to go deep into the stock.
XLF call a good buy?
When will CRM stop getting manipulated by MM’s
Huh? I have more than PDT requires..

as noted in my comment, just moving money between accounts and opening at a new brokerage this week.
Wouldn't the Yellowstone supervolcano sterilize most of the USA?
"dr parik patel liked"
Calls on Jay-Z if he’s able to unload that shithole of a music service to an unsuspecting buyer. Spotify will rule the world in that industry.
Appreciate it, good luck
"investing."  Also third dip day in a row for some of these stocks
[deleted]
I said it yesterday, and I'll say it again.   
  
MMs have completed their WSB algos to take our anuses without consent. Notice these memes stocks all tank, while SPY and DOW rise.  
  
WSB is cooked. Time to rotate into bluechips
Thats what I call masturbation too
About to get my account approved and i will be going balls deep in GME
Yea I bought up too but just keeps dipping lol
It makes sense when the video game industry is a lot bigger than music and still growing. As long as gamestop keeps a slice of the pie they can prob grow as well.
I bought one share of GME. Doing my part
As long as it’s reaching higher lows on down trends, I’m stoked and bullish on baba.
ever since i stopped buying puts and started waiting to buy dips my account has stayed green

i'm too stupid to do this well so my guess is we're at the top and i'm about to be btfo
who's in on RMO?
Hope your pull out game is stronger now than 18 years ago!
No - we made money right from the beginning.

First they ignore you while you make money.

Then they laugh at you because you're making money off blind luck

Then they call you retarded because you go all in with your strategy and it's bound to screw you, but you still make money.

Then they realize they're trading with boomer logic in a meme market and we're the smart ones
ban
Yes, buy now.
It’s to spell it out for every one. Each letter to be said individually with a hand clap between each.
FYI the IRS is processing $600 checks for January 4th
JMIA looks very promising. It's my means of investing-participating in a fast-growing Nigerian economy.
Mouse Bears Extinct.
Because I feel like no religion speaks on extraterrestrial life. If religions didn't speak on it how can we say they are so knowledgeable. They didn't know about Aliens? Sorry just ideas
Man fucking PLTR screwed so many people lol. Fuck FOMO. At least my TSLA be printing like a mf
I am short those calls so I hope you lose and I win lol
i dont think it will hit 30 for a while lol maybe next year May
NLLSF

Is that the one?
No one said to buy December calls. That's on you. However, get back in the game with SHARES and you'll be just fine.
Good entry to start buying LEAPS on Baba???
[deleted]
ban
life is just a succession of bull traps and bear traps
Wait, some of my plays are supposed to he wins?
Buying in?
There is no top
ZNGA 1/8/21 10.5 Call 

It's pretty much free fucking money right now.
Gains be gains. Hope the other half comes soon and you can shoot into the green.
I don't mind stealing from him though, he's been stealing all his life.

But you're right, this should be a purely profit driven play like every other, not "ha, gotcha!" one.
The week after christmas is notorious for people closing positions before the year ends for different tax reasons etc.
Manages to buy a few Nio calls when it dipped. Netted about $100 off those. Not much but honest work
one day those random dumps are going to turn me into a valium addict
The move is buying at 10:30 and selling at open, huh?
RMG
His head looks like the testicle on a dead body that was just fucked by a bear
That was me!🥂
[deleted]
[deleted]
Why didn't you buy yesterday..?
Do you ever wonder how many suckers get sucked in because they saw on the front page that someone has a bajillion dollar position on a shit stock? 😄
3rd red day, barely red now but who knows given the past few days.  Was excited about the smaller tech stock recovery 30 min ago...
Sir this is a casino
PLTR buy in today?
[removed]
[deleted]
Stop profit taking on rmo autists
Youre doomed to failure. You'll grasp at any hope to turn your losing position around. This grasp, this is certainly not it.
Wait wait wait... You guys DIDN'T dump your PLTR bags at the top? 🤣
green = profit, right?
Current graph looks like it's on a trajectory to the moon..
F I hope so, holding on to my july $350cs and they’re down almost 70%.....been holding back the rest of my portfolios great returns
F
The George Costanza strategy.   8-)
Soooo, is there an acrostic to that acronym or u just like putting periods between letters?
40 EOY easy. Just has to break through resistance. my 12/31 30c are gonna print!



f
CRSR is pretty easy to play at this point, buy 33-35 range and sell 38+ range. It’s been like this for a while now.
Anyone know why the entire enterprise SaaS/CRM industry is dumping?
Who the fuck is giving all of these awards

Edit: what the fuck
TSLA, do your impression of David Caruso's career!
😂👍
If you have to ask...
Why invest if you’re going to have fucking toilet paper hands on the first dip.

Jfc...
gme those gains
Hold 1/08 SQ calls ?
The market is a 🤡, just gotta play along
[deleted]
Bruh you’d need SPY to move bigly for that to print. Aka not gonna happen.
Gracias
STOP THE COUNT
Market made an over extended run to 3750 inflating option greeks forcing MM to hedge by buying shares to stay delta neutral. Fail to get above 3750, MM doesn't needs it's hedge and dumps shares while the greeks decay. No buying in mega caps means no momentum or overpower MM selling and the whole thing fails back to where it started
Oh, you bought into the fake pumpers?
Tuesday
Just bow to the Japanese and buy Sony calls ya’ll
Well, enough of today.  Time to cut some wood and make something for the rest of the day.
Seems so 😢
Tiempo. Time to rise and time to buy.
Thank you
my GME call is getting destroyed rn
How does he think it's a good idea to short after visiting wsb?
I mean I would line up for that too
Might be down mid-week but we're still up for the month. Nature of the beast. 💎🤟
Well, could you live with yourself if it found its way to $100 in that time frame and you missed out on $50 share gain across your 3000+ shares? I suppose you could offset that by whatever you gain on the $30k in premiums that I assume you’ll be re investing.
Custom wsb post: 

Ticker you own ____ + 🚀🚀🚀
Yes but existing religions...
It appears to be:

HXGBY

It has already more than doubles from March lows. :/
I don't even use Prof. or Dr. for work emails lol. Am not a boomer.
That makes sense, thank you very much.
the theta on this put I bought is the size of a horse's knee apparently
It takes college to say welcome to Wendy’s?
I don't understand how evidence for alien life would negate the entire concept of religion.
You get used to it. Then it’s like looking at the matrix code. You just see down some numbers. Up some other numbers. No big deal. Find the next play and lose again until you don’t!
[removed]
Well done
This is the bullshit that happens when the DJI is up and the NQ is down, we all lose money 😑
I’m long PENN as well. I think both PENN and DKNG are both great short term (next 6 months) and long term plays (5years plus). That’s a fair criticism no doubt but DKNG’s earnings should continue to be great and the valuation could be steep for now but we all know it’s forward looking. Half of the US states haven’t even legalized mobile sports betting yet
[deleted]
I had these at open but rolled them out
Sirs, 

When does the 🌈💩 turn into 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀? 

I cannot abide any further delay. Please hurry. Kitties need new toys.
NIO time to buy
This dude bagholding for sure
Was it all a bull trap
NIO is the battle of the bears and bulls right now. My prediction. Red EOD
Bears laying some bait. Don't fall for it.
Just new car model and updates like their battery swap delivery service and production estimates, etc. Probably nothing revolutionary
Everyone with diamond hands lost their tendies.
His screen name is probably Sir Jack a lot.
I’m not guessing you fucking dimwit I saw the screenshot myself
Well that was fucking dumb
It’s almost scary how much the universe is against me
Eventually you become numb to the losses and the wins
no way. the aliens will become the gods.
What’s the deal with RMO? not super impressed with CEO but could be promising
yes
Warrants. Jih.ws
Only reason BABA is red is because ARK bought it. MMs are lining up to fuck Cathy raw.
I watched 3.5K get erased the past two days and I don’t care how much $ these other niggas are working with, that shit broke my heart. You’re good. It’s all part of the game. Diamond hands and balls are a real thing. Don’t get shaken out. Everything comes back up
Spy is sooooo flat
Do not trust
[deleted]
Fuckkkkkkk
Sooo ackman gonna be on CNBC today to jerk us off again without finishing. 

It’s like, just tell us the company or get off my fucking porch Ackman.
Why are people so scared? Lmao.

P.U.S.S.I.E.S
Made back about half of what I lost yesterday, not bad
#WSB tech bulls being predated on by MMs🦴🍖🍗
PSTH wtf
Buying shares just to dump on this doucher
No just feel like it has gotten a lot worse lately
Riot calls?
This BABA roller coaster is stupid
Its still real money you worked hard for.
There’s money to be made there, but fuck me if I can actually time it right.
PLTR refuelling
You're new here.
That’s bad ass. I’ll see if I can download that, thanks man.
Sounds good, I think short term there is probably more downside but you're absolutely right in saying that this is going to explode in 2021
Buy the dip!
Screenshot, or it was you that asked the value investor with 11k followers on IG what a covered call was.
CRSR is getting ganked and it shouldn’t be
puts on Gisney?
I was trying to go to sleep last night and it was like I wasn’t asleep yet but I was having like, pre dreams if that make sense. But it was more like insecurity laced nightmares dealing w my relationship 


Absolutely fucking weird
I feel like after the internet. People stopped believing. Parents from the 60's still believe
[deleted]
You still got a day bro
EOY 2021
P L T R B A B Y F U C K Y O U F O R Y O U R B E T A A S S P A P E R H A N D S ! ! !
Yeah, just like the Dr. Patel account that liked the comment.  I hope most people get the joke.
Get some klonopin or xanax you'll be good after a few days
You can literally understand and tha basics of their tech and business plan by watching a 15minute you-tube. 

I was going to ask if we're really this retarded here, then I realized retorical questions are annoying.
What was RMOs SPAC name?
Lemonade looking solid, should moon back to 135 by Thursday.
why are you here then
Just bought 12/31 375 calls thinking I had day trades.

I have no day trades left.
technically they heat it to 6000c in I believe a pressurised environment, collect all the gases and at the end comes out a biproduct of inert slag but it can be used as a filler under roads etc instead of gravel.

obviously it's a lot more complicated than just "collecting the gases" but you get the idea

google waste2tricity that was the original company with the tech, there's picture of the small scale version they had at some UNI in the UK
Someone called me a gay bear so now I have to put my next week’s rent and groceries on a penny stock
Best to get it over with.
Welcome to wallstreetbets, be sure to stop under the overpass for free FD brochures
My portfolio looks like it got hit with twisted tea this week
I KNOW WTF
Everybody has a plan until they get punched in the face.  -Mike Tyson

In this case, he has a plan until the strategy goes against him, then he has no plan.
Better idea then. Just tell me what your plays are so I can inverse you, and then if you make me tendies I'll cover your losses plus a little extra!
People think covid is still a hoax what do you think?
Rolled out baba calls on this dip
Getting absolutely cucked by NET
SQ but why
Sep 3/4 then Nov 9/10th were mine but this is 3rd.
#battle of babalon
Wut. Testosterone test reveal? Why would they even test that? What were they trying to prove?
After some real losses comes the heart issues.
Volume was too low this morning. There will be a dip and profit takers when the volu.e increases in the afternoon. Dont get greedy and take profits this morning fellas!
[deleted]
Who ever bought my NIO 46.5p 12/31, godspeed.  I hate betting against NIO, but stock will def pullback before deliveries release (and likely on the print)...just don't know how much.  After deliveries and before Nio Day, just go long is all I say.  Company is a homegrown winner in the largest EV market in the world.
Is Jan 15 a weekly
Nobody really believes in religion anymore
and somewhat of a higher IQ of an average person in Europe rofl
[removed]
Corsair WTF
Got tons of shares of JMIA and selling cash secured puts as well.   Lets go to the moon.

I might add leaps.  Im holding this 10 years +.

My brother in Africa now.  He told me its the next Amazon.  JMIA trucks every fukkkin where you turn your head.
Haha I feel the same way but I really wanna jump in AI just cause it’s so insane
These random fucking dumps giving me PTSD
You mean if it gets repealed?
One, possibly two, new sedans. A larger, better battery, autopilot update, and I think an update to the batter swap service.
No options
[deleted]
my son and i have been hammering forza horizon since he got his new xbox. fucking awesome
250 Jan 15
Idc gme to the fuckin mooooooon 🚀🚀🚀
With the power/influence of this sub, I’m in.
Yass
Bitch I’m at 76k loss now. I’m dying to get back to only at 40k loss. It’s coming though.
CRSR stop raping me bro
Super charmin ultra baby wipes soft. I've lost over 8k sports gambling Thai season and now it hurts a bit
No idea but it's going to be good! Get in now!!!!
Were you here in sep-October?
cashed out last friday and quit till the new year. this week as been so relaxing not having the market in the back of my mind every second of the day.
Sell?
Greeed bro
HAHAHA U MAD SON
Gold pls...
Remember when SoftBank was the only thing propping tech off and after they were exposed we were never gonna see aths again? And then two weeks later we were back?
He sold a long time ago
Remember when everyone said PLTR was rocketing to 40 eoy? Where are those people now huh
That 5% survey was weeks ago. And the response rate was not 100%. I would be shocked if we don’t own 10% by now
Europeans think they are better than everyone because they have social shitcare. But guess where they go when the shitcare decides not to cover them?
Stop buying weeklies.
Hold strong fellow autist
Positions?
Why *is* PLTR a good investment?
Custom keyboards will always beat mass produced crap. Except maybe the new GMMK Pro, looks very promising
He bout to find out how retarded millennials spend their $600 stim checks
I'm a bot. Recent empty self posts, noob questions, and spam which people were temp-banned for. Bans are 1-2 days to discourage posts that ought to be comments.

User|Post Title
:--|:--
/u/XxLilBiscuitxX|[CLOUDFLARE on sale](https://redd.it/kn3lno)
/u/liquornhoes|[Blackberry and Amazon. UPDATE.](https://redd.it/kn3pyh)
/u/BenCarozza|[What the fuck is happening with Apple?](https://redd.it/kn3szl)
/u/alsdnd|[Bought 57k worth of TSLA calls on 11/24 expiring Feb 21 2021...](https://redd.it/kn3u8p)
/u/hotpost69|[DD. 8===8](https://redd.it/kn3z2p)
/u/PH3N1X|[MSGE to the Moon](https://redd.it/kn4057)
/u/deltalake|[bionano genomica](https://redd.it/kn45zh)
/u/Curly_banana_|[GME](https://redd.it/kn4706)
/u/TeslaMadeMeHomless|[New covid variant](https://redd.it/kn4cg6)
/u/Siixteentons|[So I just withdrew my entire 401k balance](https://redd.it/kn4hf9)
Chinese EV stocks look to be going down again today.. :)
Good, when it crashes like a hooker after a 15 day meth binge, you won't feel so bad.
1000% sure on a guess. This is WSB
Looks like a  🌈🐻 to me
Nothing can be as red as my option picks
What is the yolo today bois
Very good write up, but keep in mind CRSR has 1/3 the revenue as Logitech, yet 1/5.5 the market cap. And you also have to keep in mind that Gaming is an emerging market in its (relatively) EARLIEST stages. In 40 years you’ll have 80 year olds gaming in nursing homes. There isn’t a single 80 year old who even knows what a graphics card or a Nvidia is. Now, the long term growth of the company is SOLEY up to management. They need to be aggressive in buying competition, and expanding their current reach within the gaming hardware field
That’s all we have without TA
Nope. Just starts new ones most likely.
The people who put every single ticker in their tweet should be executed live on twitter.
I’m tempted to go buy a few shares just to fuck with that guy
[deleted]
Moderna was a huge sell the news event
He's probably the one who just sold
You're not factoring in that I bought shares yesterday
give me gold so i can buy more GME 🚀
Retards. That’s an offensive term used by the mentally challenged.
When you hit 3k you’ve metamorphasized
What trends do you think Biden's presidency will bring? If I think he is going to start wars, but also he is going to try to distract from that with alternative energy, are there good ETF's for that?
You new here or something?
The report button is useful
Worst week of trading for me this year
*Karen appears out of nowhere*

DON'T FEED THE FUCKING BEARS!!
I do.  I refuse to take meds for it because I feel even more wigged out when I do.  There are points where I literally have trouble breathing but I just try and escape into a video game when it happens.
You get used to it after awhile.
It would have already been in the mission when it went through 47. It just gonna be flat today or red.
No shit it’s a giant echo chamber
Baba is fucking me sl hard but holding cuz nothing else I can do
No like $4k. But they were to open two positions. I don’t PDT.
I feel $35-38 coming today
The mouse only thing keeping me green
[deleted]
My weeklies are starting to lose hope
76% in the past month which is only $1500 but still money I'd rather not lose
https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.yahoo.com/amphtml/lifestyle/jih-good-stock-buy-now-011440822.html

For all you JIH non believers. Here's the proof somethings up
#OK boomer
Went from up over $1k to in the red almost instantly, Fuck this market
Seriously, zoom classes are way easier.
Wow the mouse came through 📈
[deleted]
And stupidity.
170-175 should do it
Only once. Since i have it perpetually open from 8am-sleeptime
Mr jack in the box
healthcare and higher education are the only good things about EU
If they show proof of Aliens. Does that end religion right then and there?
First of all it is "Cohen" and second of all, supports and resistance get broken all of the time. Just don't convince folks it is a sure bet
AMD needs to wake the fuck up
JMIA
FDX and CVS would beg to differ
There’s usually an end of year sell off, this year there’s additional cap gains concerns going forward. 

I kept buying because this market usually does the opposite of expected. Oh well.
I'll lose my money with you any day, you fucking stallion.
Yesterday Gyna won. Today Gyna dying.
Yeah maybe 25
I don’t have the balls to play stocks like AI.  I know what makes sense TO ME but it’s just 100% market sentiment right now and I have no way of knowing which way it will swing and how hard.
Yes
Can DBX just get bought out already and moon like WORK did ?
[removed]
No that's all maybes. Even a maybe for jih. But jih has a high chance of getting something real good. They are further along the acquisition process.
It only gets easier the second and third time around dw
I don't wanna be spit on if I'm bout to become a trophy wife. I'm a classy bitch I expect polish not spit shining
Yup!! The good news is next time won't matter to you until you lose more than that. Like 5k.!
It's chinese
No one :

Literally no one :

CRSR : dies
Problem is those limped dick managers have entirely way too much sway over this market. Fucken pussies.
I’d roll my May calls to august if nothing happened after Feb
How's everyone going today? Market flat overall, what about you?
It’s got what we refer to as “the gai”
Too busy buying all the dips
Most short hedge funds use pair trades. So for example they may be short Netflix, but long S&P. As long as the short positions underperform the index they will make money.
My biggest loss all year so far on CRM 2/18 250C's down 75%. Should I stick with it or dump this shit?
I believe in the squeeze
Net is dead?
No, they don’t support warrants
Me too
How much are you down?
# RIP CRSR YOLO GUY
It just keeps going!
Yeah get use to it though
I just hit 2k
But it's still me making the decision therefore it will still be wrong somehow
Hoping all bulls have a fantastic day today.
i would have been so happy
Anyone else have anxiety but don’t have or take medication????

last night was fucking weird, probably bc I stopped smoking weed
so NIO day, better than Battery day? Anyone have ideas on what they'd announce?
What's absolutely hilarious is these fucks can't avoid us anymore. We're becoming a fucking meme financial company with a lot of retards and no fucks given to the losses. We're going to the fucking zenith! Look at me. We're the fucking retard captain now!
Is Cathy taking an early lunch break or what?
Buy some ZNGA, and enjoy the ride today.
ROTATE INTO $FAS. BANKS HAVE BOOMER STRENGTH
Looks like I'll be bag holding these GME FDs already down 25% about to shoot myself
the slow bleed hurts my soul
He’s retarded enough to be WSB material
Im holding apple calls also. I would buy in but its like 'eh' all large caps manipulated to shit
Me too:(
Yes. Welcome to the club
GME is a peace of shit

I’m Loadin up on calls
[deleted]
[deleted]
Palantir about 80x and Tesla about 25x I think
Words bad. 🚀 good
today isnt any fun at all
No, learn with cash that you know is yours and you are attached to. Margin will have you paying it off long after a mistake, and you don't treat it the same mentally as your own.
One day when I'm old I hope to tell my grandkids that yes the legends are true, meme stocks made me rich
I noticed when working with the younger generation its all about their brand. Everyone has to have one and job title is critical. It's odd because being older I couldn't tell you what hald the parents I know do for a living and some of their kids I coached for 5 years. It's just not a thing. But with these kids they want you to know what they do and what their brand is about. Its wild.
Shit.... or shit the bed on the way to the hospital?
Yup I’m just gonna hold on to them, I’ve also got some 5/21’s that are getting railed too
it went up when I bought yesterday
These threads are not healthy, there is an absurd amount of bias and nonsense
 market should give us a real dip to work with
HOW CAN SHE SLAP
Ban
She is a baddy, I can’t lie.
I'm out for the year bois.  Everyone have a good New Years
I care.
Airlines have good momentum rn and will be a great investment going into 2021!
Got out with a small loss on that pump lol
Nah, it’s gonna be mellow today, but next week might fuck u
Just inverse yourself. Do some research, formulate a strategy, and right as you're about buy into the market immediately do the opposite. (ie. you want to buy calls because you think a stocks going to go up, buy puts instead)

100% foolproof
Vxx calls
Be poor with healthcare or be rich with guns.

Easy decision.
It’s a joke...just like attempting to be a professional trader without having enough money to manipulate the market.
The more i convince myself I don't care what happens to this fd the more it rolls. as soon as i start caring it tanks.

schrodinger's put
It’s called muff cabbage. And it’s delicious.
Officially hit my first $1,000 overall loss, kinda feel sick to my stomach. That normal?
No reason for selling, unless you’re a pussy, limp dicked fund manager, or like punching your own dick.
Buying this FB dip is the easiest decision
Puts are back in the menu boys
 i dont fuck with weeklies unless its a weekly bang with your girlfriend
Man this week blows
Should’ve known better.
Is the what time expect heading into Biden presidency or just end of year bs?
$25k+ account? PDT if not?
“Fake pump” lmao

1/5 of the daily volume in 1 hour...relax bud
It's been straight Euphoria since March with a couple dips in the middle
Buy low sell lower
dOmp it!
iNfiNITe shORt SqquueeEEZZEEEE

Fucking autists. Do you need any more of an answer?
Yeah this thing wants to fly
No you’re just gay
same right now! Time to  🚀🚀🚀 this bish to the moon!
Its been so long I haven’t seen a green day, I’m actually scared. I feel like this is a trap or something lol 👻👻👻
[deleted]
you think it’s gonna shoot up 20% today??
spread your cheeks palantir bulls.
Damn GME where the fuck is the volume boys???? What kind of beta shit is this ?
[deleted]
It ain't gonna look that good. You're tied to all the stock Sony accessories which is going to make for a poor stream.
Is this hoe really bitching about a $0.4 drop wtf
Bless. I'll ask them and see what they say.
[deleted]
PLTR will finish red today 😂😂😂
Same shit different day.
I love time
What are companies like Tesla and Palantir valued at revenue?
Calls?
Asking internet strangers if you should use margin means no
It’s nuts lol
damn right
hey siri how do i hide from mafia goons
Volume too low

SPY is going to shit again
It hurt
Had a lot of fiber yesterday sorry
Can you buy warrants on RH?
😏👍🥃
[removed]
Duhhh. Margin is a great alternative to calls.

Increased upside. Don’t have to manage expiry.
should I sell 30k worth of covered leaps on my PLTR shares (50c, 01/23). I generally do like the stock, but if those were exercised my gains would be capped at 160% and 30k now is a decent amount of money.
Oh tech is red RED. Looks like in 2021 we're offloading our bloated tech stocks and rotating into boomer stocks.
ARK tanks every day at 10:30 pretty fucking hard.
Hey I’ll take it. Was wondering if I was missing something.
Try to make more but good start
Get longer expiration man
Every 5 mins..
MP with the recovery 😎
Euro heading into close
What? No it didn’t
I'm not saying I want to be a bear, but at least they get fucked
Massive TSLA sweeps keeps coming
Wow this is actually some really retarded shit
PLTR DUMPPPPP
NET makes me want to kill myself.
Stocks are crazy why am I doing this?
69420 times, using our deeks
Is it just me or is the market lately quite brutal ? cant make any dough for few weeks.
[deleted]
they rly don’t wanna see cathie win huh
LMAO BBBY W A 3% FADE
Always buy the dip but get out before it dips more
Nobody fucks with the WSB’ers! Sorry, I’ve just finished binge watching peaky blinders..
PLtrrr....
Mitch wants to know if we are having fun yet
I want a super red day AMZN. You piece of shit
I mean I don't need to imagine, that shit happened yesterday 😭
Looks like you’d buy for about $8.7, so $0.4 for time value. I think the major downside is the low volume (and therefore the spread). The other downside would be if it drops through April and you lose money on it, you don’t get to keep shares like you would if you bought the stock instead
He really named his company Romeo Power?

Sounds like Tinder competition. Not QS competition
Holy fuck. I wanted to make a couple trades yesterday with IB but they restricted my trading and won’t tell me why. Now the tickers are mooning. It’s been a really rough experience with them so far not gunna lie.
I’ve been loading up on this one! Yesterday was a gift
AMZN wtf are you doing
our lord cohan gave us support @ 16
Buying puts on teenagers. 

Losing their mind over zoom classes. Generation is so soft
If this is CRM's top for the rest of time I'm going to be very upset.
Uhhh Houston we have a problem
It’s pretty much just to supply money for my full time job as a shitty day trader.
To whoever made the NOK DD. Fuck you.
NIO today 🤦‍♂️
[deleted]
How high are you thinking? I think 200 might be a stretch
There we go! Die BKNG die!

Also, I love the retard strength on MELi when I decided to fuck with it. 🤔🤔
This is a little out of hand
Tesla wants more moon at $700
no
[deleted]
Get in on ZNGA now. You're welcome.
Uhhh... what’s up with BABA
So. The ultimate answer is to confirm with your broker. A friend of mine with a Fidelity Margin account advised that he had to establish a separate Cash account to put his GameStop stock in because their hypothecation agreement was such that it could be lent in the Margin account even with him not using margin. So while the shares shouldn't be lent if you aren't using margin debt & aren't enrolled in a share lending program... let's just say that is no guarantee.
[removed]
Most meme stocks exhibiting sheepish behavior like the life has been literally squeezed out of them.
How many times a day do you guys check Robinhood?
Let’s gooooooooo
I thought Proterra was merging with QELL?
Wrong way PLTR
It's gonna dip more tomorrow...profit taking in progress....wise to add by tomorrow EOD
666 shares as of today, moon or bust
Not telling you
what the fuck just happened
The article is actually written well but I can’t make it all the way through. The weird tik-tok instilled confidence from kids today unnerves me lol
20 seconds? Minutes? Hours? Years?
I will follow you into GME TENDIE LAND
[deleted]
Caffiene make ya boy dick hard no cap all fax fr fr
❤️❤️❤️❤️
I’m literally a clown. I made 100+% returns on apple calls that i owned and yesterday i saw the dip and thought it would be a good time to buy more. currently erasing those previous gains
BABA load upp
Pltrrrrrrrrillionaire
Cucks of Wall Street or pathetic ass bitches? Same same?
SQ HOLD THE DOOR
PLTR up but too late for my calls. Some other time.
guys im insanely close to 2k. once i hit it should i use margin or no
No, dont do this. Just turn your phone off for a month or sell.
I've been inversing everything on WSB for e months. Up 30% with just holds. Turns out it's ok to not be a tard. As soon as a stock is going to "moon"... im out.
🤯
You know what 🍊 was right about tim apple. Saving grace is the calls are 1/29 $155
Pltr $50c 1-15-22 you can almost afford 2 lol
Anyone know when/if UPST options will be available?
Here comes the daily 10:30 dump
Because any green day is always offset by a red day twice as sharp of a drop vs the gain.
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
WTH is happening
[deleted]
AMZN moon is other way buddy.
lol just realized I was looking at the wrong ticker (my bad) either way you are still in the wrong on saying what you did
Get rid of that second one. Shhhhh
Thank you $pltr, i can retire now lol
Only reason turtle appears to be supporting Sec 230 repeal for Trump is because he knows it’s poisonous to Democrats and anyone with a brain
It would matter if the volume of shares that failed was large.  It's not very big.
2000 @ \~28.30....yeah me :(

Got assigned 2400 shares a few weeks ago, managed to get rid of 400 in the 29s early into this mess & honestly am now at sixes and sevens with this. My personal risk tolerance is like 800 shares not 2k
I think 60 or 65 is a solid bet
About tree fiddy
Yeah, but you should go a little higher, i think there is more upside than 150 after the iPhone sales come up
How many times do we have to teach you this lesson, old man?
ur famous now
Ryan Cohen
Be careful with making statements like this. It can most certainly drop below 16 just as it could go over 100.
He bought the top?
What does that mean it’s going down?
Us, fucked us.
[deleted]
People stopped pumping it since its trades at a pretty extreme valuation (45 times revenue) and competition is flooding the space. I love the space and respect the company as the industry leader.... personally feel that Paysafe (BFT - igaming  fintech payments leader) and Genius Sports (DYMD - data provider leader for online sportsbooks and content providers such as draftkings) are less risky + higher upside ways to place the space.

I also think the a company like PENN actually benefits more than DKNG via the pandemic subsiding.
China is asshoe
EDIT fucking diving
Aren’t they regular hours tomorrow?
[deleted]
Long DKNG at 32.50
if u aint in fubo 40c what exactly is u plannin to do with ur life
So have a free day , all cash before the holiday ( except a few boomer plays like Apple ). Have to pack for Vegas in the morning but want to dust off the Xbox I got for Christmas. Which game should I download form game pass ?
imagine not losing $1k in 10 seconds.
[deleted]
ipoc 1/15c, sell on the 7th after merger vote
Dropped 5 grand in on Monday, instantly down 40% on msft and Apple
Baba tricked y'all
O shoot didn’t know my bad
Heavy selling on gyna stonks now
My pltr yolo is getting some air to breath again, come on baby, I would love to see 30 sometime next week
Scandic LETS FUCKING GOOOO🚀🚀🚀
Ahhh, another fake opening pump and slow bleed to red. Only Theta gang will win today
2000 buy at 350 strike
[deleted]
[deleted]
Must think he’s a Rainbow Warrior 🌈🧸
Nice! I’m electrical, power.
TAIWAN NUMBA ONE
[removed]
Good god that must have been insane. I took a break in April and have not been in here much since then.
Michael Burry handing out golds
I'll give DKNG the benefit of the doubt that hen it hits sell walls it gets hit down pretty hard, but it's looking like fake pump is confirmed.
Tell him it’s when you buy calls that have a strike price $10+ from the current stock price.
yes NIO stab me in the back biss -.-
No one cares
VIX👀
No. They have made an effort to police their platforms themselves, but they are not mandated. Is why they made decisions, for example to get rid of Alex Jones. They weren’t mandated to do so, is part of the conservative argument on censorship. They know full well what they are saying isn’t true, it’s just they claim (or believe, I’m not being pejorative) that it’s an infringement on their freedom of speech.

News sources like NBC, CBS, ABC have a mandate to source and “tell the truth”. Cable news does not. NY Time, LA Times, etc has a mandate to “tell the truth”. Facebook does not. Reddit does not. If these platforms had to, you would see significantly less Content.

Bottom line, this is honestly a good idea overall, it would be so damaging to these platforms, and ultimately, Trump could care less.
I woke up, pulled the shotgun out of my mouth. Sheepishly looked at my portfolio on my phone and got immediate wood.
Daddy likes them tits up.
Start selling OTM call expiring Jan. 08, 2021. When it gets too Monday Jan. 4, 2021 roll it over to Friday Jan. 15, 2021. Repeat every week. You might have already lost too much money to break even but you can dramatically reduce your losses IF nothing crazy bad happens. As always with any single stock that's a big if.

Join Theta Gang for details. https://www.reddit.com/r/thetagang/
Rescue my 12/31 25c
Maximum cringe
Yeah the company has a bright future no doubt
oh? 

a red day?

on god?

just like that?
These MFs don’t even know about the red cap 😒
You all sleeping on CYBR. It has a much better product than CRWD, but a much lower multiple!!!
[deleted]
BABA puts again here
Literally everything I do is the wrong move. It's fucking comical at this point
WSB rule 4. It's under 1BN market cap. Not allowed.
AMC calls, at least 2 weeks out thank me later
With all his fancy degrees and certifications, you would think this guy would spend more time doing analysis than lurking here. Obviously he sucks at his job and loses money so he comes here to benefit from  members’ DD.
[deleted]
tiem?
Damp it dammit
We got another Whale boys, ready the harpoon.
[deleted]
Short squeeze
Loading up on more and just bought 4 gamer pro subscriptions for me and the bois. In it for the long haul
Thanks for doing that.  It’s almost guaranteed to blow past when you\ do that.
We need to hit 29 for me to get excited. Sorry
What the fuck
Search for "APHA" on the first link. Search for "you just" on the second. Also, this should be a shitpost OP, not DD
#NEVER TOO MUCH 🧛🏼
same. My 1/15 calls are in shambles
 💎 🙌🏽
[deleted]
*Me, shopping for Tesla’a on my first green day after going -5% every day for the last two weeks*
ARKK NOSEDIVING OH FUCKKK
Sold baba for a loss fuck that bitch not gonna be stuck bag holding dead money
GME BUY PEOPLE
Why? GA senate?
This sub exists BECAUSE of GME and PLTR. Two of the worst fucking picks in the history of meme markets. Gonna suck when half these kids jump off a bridge....
Sounds like organic price discovery to me. Not manipulated homie.
The pump was fake and gay
never bet against cathy
We still have half of tmrw bb
NIO’s daily pre lunch dip before 🌝mission currently in progress
[deleted]
Still 🌈🐻ing every PLTR thread I see. Do we need to start salting your snail ass?
Name checks out.
when Kevin Malone cosplay day is every day
PTON 12/31 $155 call. Flip that bitch when it hits $153
ATM SPY put credit spreads a month or more will double your money
[deleted]
[removed]
no read. only funny green line.
bag-holding
fuck china. taiwan #1


TSM 🚀 🚀 🚀 


HIMX 🚀 🚀 🚀 


TLC 🚀 🚀 🚀 


CHT 🚀 🚀 🚀
Boomer? Okay dad
🤡
cpoax + 20 years
I guess not
[deleted]
It was Hanukkah Harry!
The vaccine is still effective for it doeee
See these Diamond hands? 

Buying more AAPL 2/19 130c 

TY for the dip. This earnings run up in Jan. gonna be so sweet
If you expect scientists to be right all the time at every step of the way, while solving a novel problem, then you are more retarded than this subreddit.
Is Jan 2022 150C a good buy?
[deleted]
Selling iron condors on NIO is so much easier
Of course I hedged my PLTR position with a put when it was up 2%🤡
Why are people bullish on GME here?? TLDR?
EVERY FUCKING TIME. Every fucking time!! 

Buy NIO call at 10:30 at 46.50 share price. 5 minutes later it drops to 46.10. God fucking dammit this game is rigged
Goddamn it, things looked good for a sec but no can't keep that.
What a boring fucking way to end the year
250 may be better by 2022, but those are just personal opinions
[removed]
Overbought, no options
Who the fuck awards the comment here?
Sold some 29C Jan 8th on pltr this morning. This shit better not blow past.
I already bought weeks ago and sold Monday so my dog isn’t in the race anymore. His won’t be either they do that shit as a joke.
It’s a longer term play for online sports betting. I’m long $PENN & $DKNG shares. 3 horse race between those two and Fanduel. Common sense would say that states are broke and online gambling is a quick and dirty way to raise “covid friendly” funds so legislation is gonna turn into a mad race
WTF 68.3M$ Blockbuy for 2000$ strike?😂🧐
If it fell on no news, it cant rise on no news?
Sorry. Then 

Gold pleas
[deleted]
Guy starts an anti bullying group, gets into his dream school, then dissolves it lol. Strong conviction there!
What us you doin techhieeee
growth company lol
Buy another call with the same strike/expiration?
Because it’s time.
Hey you little gayboy, nice hat. It's Chad from your freshman English class, remember me, dork? I thought I'd pop in after finishing my first 60 reps at the gym - y'know, that place REAL men go to? Anyways, guess you're still playing video games like a sissy cuck - AS USUAL. Thought maybe you'd man up after highschool, but now you're wearing skirts and makeup for a bunch of dweebs online. Have a nice life, dumbass.
Sell a call above your strike to counteract some of the IV.

You'll turn it into a spread and right now premiums are high.

The only loss is that you'll cap your gains but right now this call is a fucking dumpster fire.
That's one of their mergers
Gtfo boomer
Love it here, just guys being dudes losing money together.
Nice to see a rotation back into growth
🐭 with a green candle straight up lol ber r fuk
1/15/21 GH-IV 12.5c
"Guh the Manipulation" = "I cannot possibly have made the wrong decision"
[deleted]
Time to follow Micheal Burry and short tesla...... because Burry makes the printer go buuurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
Sir this is a retard daycare
Can someone explain his actual reasoning for doing this?
Nice!
>iSn’T iT oBvIoUs

No, buying AAPL is more obvious.
Well you do seem retarded so I guess you’re one of us. This is not DD
Keep going PLTR
I prefer to wait until it's approaching $30 and FOMO in. Happens every time.
[deleted]
Man crm has completely fucked me these last two weeks
Grab your popcorns people
Educate me in case I can't read. So if I'm at Fidelity with a Margin account holding GME and other various shit, but I'm not currently using any margin debit, does the situation above still apply?
[deleted]
Nio deciding if it wants to start the run up 1 week early or not 🤔, you know you want to.
Yes
Something so serene about getting the RH notification that PLTR is up while reading a comment “imagine still holding PLTR”
Na I’m holding
Well shit. Now I have to buy GME.
chamath the ultimate homie
Look at this comment from yesterday - https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kmmuco/what_are_your_moves_tomorrow_december_30_2020/ghh7eoz/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf&context=3

And look at my reply to that. You see how he spread false news and still got so many upvotes - conformational bias. And when I tried to correct him, nobody cared
I actually bought some shitty 19p for a dollar and like clockwork it turned the other direction. Tricked all the MM they don't realize the rest of my portfolio is PLTR calls
Just spent my $600 stimmy check on PLTR calls 🚀
i really thought i’d be happy to see PLTR up but i’m just numb
$750 for an option hail mary to save my soul. Gimme ideas ya tards
do... do you not know what the definition of a penny stock is? *Bad pump and dumper, bad!*
No. This is the top
They trying to keep the gamma squeeze going.
RIOT  🚀🚀
I need a FD play.  Any ideas?
Damn bro, sorry. Just get the green ones next time.
RIP to the autist who yolod 10k in NET FDs
? arent they merging with janus midco
BABA 💥🤡🤡🤡
OMDG, you bought warrants. Does your child know? Because this could be a teaching moment.
Gold please
Hey it’s red now
He can be! Aim for the stars bud. If you miss, you may still hit Uranus.
This “value investor” on IG with 11k followers just asked me what a covered call was. People are stupid
These people sold for a loss and now want to shit on it so it doesn’t go back up and make them feel like shit. They’ll feel shitty soon enough.
Does the company get a cut every time the lab uses the machine?
Ban pump and dump
How does it feel to be such a worthless broke fuck that I can live rent free in your head??? I already forgot about you but congrats on making a measly 40k gain and think that's worth bragging about. At least now I know why you're so insecure and mad about BABA puts

300 shares??? https://ibb.co/bFhwDdn

This is chump change for me just to be retarded with the sub. Stop projecting so hard about your tiny dick lmao.
This guy doesn't tard
With a father like this, that’s her final destination regardless
lmao market makers are being mean
PLTR is not just a data company!  🚀🚀🚀
Or next week...
Tech fucking sucks
[deleted]
🇺🇸💵🇺🇸 📍💲 👉👌, 🔺🐻🐼🐻‍❄️🔺 🅱️⛎💲💲🦞 🔛 🔥⛵️
[removed]
NIO 48 C
[deleted]
Fuck you NIO
that’s why you daytrade calls and hold shares
Because I'm a dumb fuck. 😫
Where has this guy been for 6 months if he’s just now finding this? This guy isn’t even autistic... fuck him.
[removed]
No daily discussion? Now I have to actually work?
Holding contracts I bought at 16 dollar share price. Dipshit.
Why is PLTR flying today? Just bouncing back after the dip?
No it's not... Storage locker door manufacturer
Wait by close market will be red
Hey! that’s my life savings you’re talking about!
GNOG from -7% at open to green 🚀
*in rapper voice* 
"I'll give her that D.D., like it's Dexter's Laboratory!"



Thank you
This is some DD I don’t think you understand
Ngl CRWDs products are mediocre at best. However, the stock is top notch.🚀🚀🚀
And this
till he loses it shorting GME
Bought NIO at 52 lol
This
I already bought GME 2 weeks ago and sold Monday ...so I don’t even have a dog in the race anyway.
[removed]
Yeah paper handed my pltr calls for a small loss on that dip.
Jan 5 is going to be a hell of a cucking.
Isn’t he just the first one to reject it?
reminder to my GME gang: whatever happens, it cannot fall below 16, but can peak easily as high as 100 🚀🚀🚀  this bet is truly unique
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [Rage Against The Machine - B](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3L4YrGaR8E4) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3L4YrGaR8E4)⠀►►⠀ 2:36 / 3:54 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
Who’s got a short term YOLO they’re confident about
Cocks only go up
-0.0194. Am I fucked?
Y’all really sleeping on bionano
Mess with the horns, your wife gets pegged
RIO $18 eow
BABA 🚀🚀🚀
There was huge unusual option activity yesterday
Lols
New kicks for my bby https://imgur.com/a/lNbB7mR
[deleted]
I aint taking that bet. My thesis has been simple. It can’t break 29 😂
Karp and cathie make Me a trillionare thanks
Finished all my work for the month YEE haw
THC 🐝 please 🚀
Baba 🚀
I hope you’re right, that POS is currently dragging my portfolio to the depths of hell
[deleted]
The article is probably lengthy and none of the autists on this sub are going to read something that long

We can’t be bothered reading a DD over ten words before making seven-figure trades, let alone this
Oof. I bought NAT during negative oil. Managed to get out at break even. Dirty buisness
Yo. Wrong page for this. I understand you see a lot of game post up here but this is wallstreetbets not GameStop customer review
[deleted]
RIOT 🚀🚀
Alexa, play bulls on parade for us PLTR bulls🚀
What’s a good price for calls?
thoughts on AMZN? maybe another red day tomorrow? lost momentum like i was afraid it would
For those unaware: FDs are not investments.
2 hung muscle studs pound 1 young twink.
Are gay mods going to do anything about the $2.50 pump and dump spam or are they too busy being gay and jovial?
$3.62 avg. should have bought more. 😑
My pornfolio
So you’re saying Papa Thiel is my wife’s boyfriend?
A billion has many zeroes. Your order mixup only involved 1 zero. Therefore, GME--> 30B. My dd is complete
Lol. How about the market was down 30%+ in March and you didn't buy all of it????  Retard
Did it just stopped trading? I can not see prices or volume
Thanks to Covid, we have lots of YOLO traders, sitting at home bored and seeing how to make fast money.  Well, it works as long as the house of cards stay afloat.

Anyways, with your mindset, even if you make it in this trade, you will lose it on others as it's inevitable, IMHO. Sad state of affairs...
[deleted]
Stop buying gold for everyone and buy more GME shares instead 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Dr Patel liked the tweet 🤔
I bought a ton this morning because it ranges a lot and was bound to go back
Amazing how they have trained people not to ever sell.  Created the perfect golden never ending bull market.
If 132/132.5 breaks, I.e. we close below that, might want to reevaluate your position. But honestly, don’t listen listen to strangers out here, in the past few months this sub has been filled with people spreading fear and false news for personal gain.
It'll go back up today but not for you paper bois 🤡

Where's my diamond gang at?
GME bleeding... LFG paper handed bitches! 🚀
This is true. I know a lot of ppl that work there and have worked there in the past. They see the real value in the company and a lot are not planning on selling since they think the stock price is under valued.
I know you will enjoy it
i need 1 good day trade. any good ones?
[deleted]
No dude... They're buying a company that makes storage locker doors... It's not Proterra 🤣🤣🤣
Loaded with FDs
Fuck off
Nigga what? Nigga please.
Pltr gonna dump tomorrow to fuk call holders😁
wish MSTR calls didnt have such insane premiums, oh well
You literally have no idea what you’re talking about eh?
[deleted]
[deleted]
OH SHIT FUBO FUBO FUBO BOUT TO GO GREEN LOCK UP OVER = MOOOOON
Imagine buying the first dip Monday
[deleted]
Final day to exercise HYLN warrants. Up 6% on the day.
you know it 💎🚀💎🚀
Don’t be mad bc you missed the boat 😂🌈
27 EOD
[Look at these enormous TSLA calls!! 👀](https://i.imgur.com/Ft1PgfL.png)
sorry etrade is on acid this morning. Still, .92 is pretty high
Introduced to the 2,000$ stimulus bill by mcconnel yesterday in his new bill.  wont pass the house tho. 🏠
Enjoy getting downvoted bitchhhhh
Red by close
Stop giving this plebian attention.
you are bigbrain
half this sub is in ICLN
been a while since euphoria amirite?
Hibernate till spring.
[deleted]
Same. Definitely looking to get in more next dip.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Mass exodus to the next meme i reckon
Yeah it wasn’t looking good. 💎 🤚
This guy's location says "chipotle" and he has 700 followers. Leave him in our wake!!
Wait 31 minutes
Lol it goes down 20% and then goes back up 5% and you people are excited.

PLTR will dump to below 24$ tomorrow.
MT, break $24 before the new year. You know you want to.
Nice, I sold my pltr calls to grab nio calls just in time for pltr to start rising and nio to start shitting the bed
How the fuck is this not GameStop's official marketing slogan?
Literally not happening man how many times do I gotta tell you. You bought puts at the exact wrong time. Don’t buy puts at the lowest point it’s going to buy it at the high when it’s past 80 again
[deleted]
ford makes like 10M a year and telsa only makes just less than 1M. but they are buliding new factories to get those numbers up to at least 5M by 2030
1/15/21 GH-IV 12.5c

Guaranteed 3 bagger at least
weeeeeeeeeee
you should be buying XL
It says to get the max amount you have to make less than 75k, but over 75 you get $5 less per $100

I was just wondering if there was a minimum you could get
are you me?
cant wait for my free pltr gear to come in! pltr30 eoy! 🚀 🚀
It says to get the max amount you have to make less than 75k, but over 75 you get $5 less per $100

I was just wondering if there was a minimum you could get
$9K SPY Puts
Dude, we've seen the dick on your wife. Share her for the team bud.
$30 eoy
He's acting like selling covered calls on a stock is some sort of reliable income source.  It's not, there are many ways it can work against you, it's certainly not a reliable way to pay off a loan.  This is coming from a guy who loves selling calls and using the wheel strategy.
That guy def has smol pp
Hold it for the long term
This will age beautifully!!🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
[deleted]
AFAIK, all else equal, writing a covered call doesn't have any impact on lendability.
PLTR 🚀 NIO 🚀
ZNGA making me so fucking rich. Buying at $9.60 and selling at $10 is literal free money.
Gotta remember that $Snow did the IPO route which means only 10% of shares were in float before the lockout. Since Palantir did a DPO their initial float was close to 25%. Just keep that in mjnd
The only gang you’re in is gay gang
Mask madness plus Biden is probably going to try to shut down the freak out about the viruses new variant being just found in the US yesterday
Told you to get into PLTR before it was too late👀
[deleted]
JMIA  🚀  🚀  🚀
JIH is merging with proterra for a public offering. Electric buses for the masses. Get in while you can plebs.
[deleted]
we only at 20k active users we had more than 40k before people lost it all in sep
FUBO bout to FLYYYY BABY
Yeah I’m keeping an eye on it
Calls for tomorrow 🚀
[deleted]
His turtle chin would flap around in the wind on this ride like an old stripper’s tits you try to motorboat...
PLTR was in $24 range and you didn’t buy calls or shares?  Are you serious?
Hhhmmmmm
EBAY just kissed the 200 EMA on the 15 min chart and will probably retest and then blow past it. Rotation out of tech but it's just enough tech, rotation out of ecommerce but it's just enough commerce, rotation out of covid stocks but it's just covid enough. Enigma with attitude.
it's what I expect from young homo sapiens. follow the crowd. do what they see on the news.
Pltr gonna break 26 today?
My March $25 calls are happy
Red by close
So glad I all in RKT and PLTR yesterday
Bought it at 2.62....
Did you come up with this theory yourself? If the price ramps up, won’t more people buy in?
My pltr call and my spy put have successfully nulled all risk

Still lol
End of year tax rebalancing + profit taking + unscrupulous under-the-table behavior along with certain individuals wanting to make an impression and send a msg. That’s all I’m saying about it.
Jmia to the 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Think he just waiting for the right time.  Its coming as soon as his rally stalls.
let's see. Posts about penny stock, account is only a month or two old. Says it will absolute happen in 20 minutes. I mean dude ill forgo the free money
you will probably get shit on for saying so but I believe this to be the case. Could run up again in the next few months as Cohen starts working magic.
Bought iffy BABA calls at close yesterday, sold at open for 50% profit. Dumped that into HUYA and ARCT calls, a little shorter term than I'd like, but I can bail tomorrow if I don't like where it's going
share price rerating, cohen, market dynamics.
He’s trying to hurt them though. This would devastate those platforms if they had to scrutinize everything people posted. It would be so expensive to them.

He can retreat to cable news and be fine. Facebook and Twitter would have a very very tough time with that
1.8 million retards
They don’t
[deleted]
No.... Everything I'm in is up or down less than 1% today. Boring af
Ok Adam give him a teabagging
PLTR gang rise up!
Pltr. It’s always been Pltr.
ICLN FUTURE
u/chillosopher where u at boi ? PLTR MOOOONING SON
Next key level is $29.50, above and it’ll rocket to the moon to ATH. I’ve got 1/8 calls, I’m holding into to the next, may roll up half with profits today
First rule of GameStop; always buy more.
Something going to the moon but it ain’t my tendies.
Holding PLTR calls till their presentation on the 7th. Gonna fly! 🛫💸
Trump has zero power right now and he's the only one really fighting for that. Even the other Republicans have turned on him.
APPL EV doesn't come with tires to protec the enviroments
Short it for quick $$
Fuck baba I have no idea what to do now
Republicoins
Lol 😂 

No way... they getting the NAT shares from July lol.
I can't wait! Let the insuffering begin!

Or...hmm

Let the insufferablnessing begin! 

Yeh, nailed it.
[removed]
About to go Scarface closing scene on yo ass!
You mean... [like this?](https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2020/12/28/2150877/0/en/Bionano-Customer-Praxis-Genomics-Accredited-by-College-of-American-Pathologists-Completing-First-LDT-in-US-for-Constitutional-Genetic-Disorders-that-Uses-Whole-Genome-Analysis-with.html)

Their new results found 28% more than PACB's equipment and the test costs $500/test vs PACB's 10k-20k per. 

People will buy these, they combined with traditional methods also generated better cancer detection results by up to 25%
[removed]
PLTR bers in absolute shambles
It’s green but couldn’t look any worse? You lack imagination. Red would be worse
If ZM could just die
[deleted]
They can short, just not on the downtick. So you may see price plateaus from short pressure, just not the same attack like yesterday AM.
Believe me I'm desperate to do so.

Unfortunately stuck bagholding shitbag PLTR
I been staring at it all week too fuck
Nice 

Everyone will be fu-Ked by close
That's what you get for shorting PLTR after being down 16% for the past two days
Old man thinks the market is the same as it was in 1920. Time to dump my entire life savings into $GME to prove that you can't fix retard
Look at proterra merger
i feel like 90% of this thread is gonna get into a sick accident & turn into a vegetable just from the karma xD
buying more puts as we speak. shit is gonna print so easy by end of day.
This man is malding so hard right now
this dude is reading the comments, looks like he is somewhat of a troll but this boomer troll don't know about the new age troll, he fucked himself!


@MemberSee
Apparently I look like a "penis in a suit" on WSB 
 I never  imagined that I would one day be insulted so much by some dimwits with $100 RH accounts on Reddit. 

==============

I think we hurt his feefees
How do bears survive?
I’m in steel and have been doing a lot of DD on it, wish I new more about copper and aluminum and other metals. Seems like next year is going to be a good year for commodities
[removed]
Next stop Uranus
ACL'S $45 calls 3/19/21 at $5/contract. 

*99.60% chance of profit, only 0.4% change you lose*! thats how it works right?

^(im a retard, obviously not a financial advisor)
Raises diamond flush hand.
Not as nice as your cum filled one
I bought on day one so I'm just holding. But seeing the bouncing up and down makes me wish I could jump in and out.
Better hope Burrys timing is better than last time.
Imagine selling PLTR this morning 😂
Stupid ass “PLTR up 4.9%” notification, tell me when it’s up 10% or more
[removed]
Who bought PLTR at the top like me and waiting for it to break even? 🤡🚀
[removed]
Plenty of opportunities ahead. Just teasing desperate gamblers now.
PT: $22 🌈🐻
i’m a simple person, i see the word PLTR i upvote PLTR GANG ALL THE WAY
Have you seen his wife?  Ain’t no one fucking her for free
Gotta waych out for the market cap bears
You see the red ones? Yeah, those
It's slightly up, you're fine
They've definitely got the tip lined up with your sphincter. I would rollout, personally.
[removed]
The only puts that are happening today are bears being put down at the kill shelter. Time for your lethal injection little parasites 💉💉💉
baba chart couldn't look worse rn
Okay, Mr owner, so how do you extract the data from the image?
Right hurrrr
[removed]
Fuck that retard. Wish I could join the gang but unfortunately am poor and not in the US, though am praying to watch a short squeeze unfold and laugh as a WSB gang comes out on top.

Imagine the shame of funds being wrecked by autists, a true tale for the ages.
[deleted]
[deleted]
PLTR, I hope you sold your puts and bought calls. Cause this shit is not coming back down ever.
GNOG from -7% at open to green... last tickets on this 🚀 SPAC  to $50 (now $25)
Who bought baba calls after the dump?
Wherent those jagoffs on “The Profit”?
XPEV die you pump piece of shit
Brave, but foolish. Yesterday was the day to get lotto tickets
Kennedy Fuld, more like Dick Fuld from Lehman, this cunt will implode
Isn’t the borrowing rate for GME like 25%?

I wish him luck. He’ll need it.
Wow I remember when 10k comments in a day was a big deal for this thread. No we are at 7 k before 11 AM. lol

Also RIP my poor AAPL calls...
[deleted]
[removed]
[deleted]
[https://i.ibb.co/10QDsC8/image.png](https://i.ibb.co/10QDsC8/image.png)

TSLA 09/17/2021 350c for $68,300,000 just in
Better get back in that shits recovering for sure
You payed $12 for a call with a $19 strike price? Why didn’t you just buy the stock??
[deleted]
Yeah, I have all the same questions!

And I'm a little stumped.  But, perhaps he is gunning to take over... without actually buying the whole thing.
Fake
Gold stocks moving even though gold isn’t really up yet... interesting
[deleted]
I've never felt this confident in a position. I'm about to get fucked, aren't I
thought on fb? looking oversold due to section 230 being brought up again. wont pass tho
All my homies love GME, puts on this boomers remaining hairline 🚀🚀🚀
Damn shoulda bought some GRWG 42c scratch offs...  up 3500% and that wasn’t too far fetched of a bet
Give your shares to your kids!
Just his name is obnoxious
For real. GME shorts over leveraged to the tits.
What is this I don’t even
The delta is .92 not .99 for those
Nice. What’s your net
Rip anyone who sold PLTR this morning 🚀
TLS
Y'all really slept on plug power
Today is the actual day. I can feel it in my boners.
I came here to see if I should sell on a high today. Will be keeping my JMIA Calls on 1/21/22 $50 as well.
Yeah if you got out early enough. What was your strike?
Starbucks calls apparently fuck they must be balling over there
Just us retards retarding
I hope you guys bought the Yesterday’s PLTR dip
They’re gonna blow it out of the water.
We might be going to jail after robbing him 🚀🚀🚀
He's the George Costanza of investors, just do the opposite of him and you'll always be right
absolute power corrupts absolutely
There's an old saying in WSB — I know it's in CNBC, it's probably in WSB too — that says, fool me once, shame on...shame on you. Fool me.... fool me twice....you can't get fooled again. Er...hmm....Stop fooling me!
Samsies. I had a massive loss in may/june on amzn, spx and was tanker-ganging before that but managed to claw it all back this month. 
I'm in this weird position where I know I shouldn't make plays that are so so risky, but those plays are also the ones that popped my account back up over even.
At least I put all the money back in the heloc. /shame
I know, 1000 contracts for me is amazing too. I use Fidelity Active Trader Pro and shows me the biggest trades of the day... few months ago someone moved 70,000 contracts, just crazy there is that kinda money out there.

Depends on the market, last Monday when spy sh!t is self I opened a lot of trades and closed them the next day since they went to $0 pretty quick. Usually the expiry is a few days out to a week. I keep it short because I try to ride the contacts to expiration and roll the collateral. If you only make $20/week that's still $1,040/Year it really adds up.
Not expecting anything from GME today or tomorrow.
A 17 bagger would be 17x his money or 17,000%.
[removed]
Watched RIOT under $1.00 earlier this year and never got in. That’s the one that hurts the most. $17.50 now fuckkkkkk
What happened 99? 
Was working at a Wendy’s to afford some tendies ...
Guys, I don’t know if you’re role playing but I feel like I have to remind you this isn’t a person. Just a meme account.
pls do
Market pricing Apple car to not include a charger and include an accelerated degradation battery component
is PLTR green or am I dreaming? >!I'm cryin lmfao 😭🚀!<
"This is not a financial advice"
It’s going the way I want. I’ve seen it go 25-29-25-29-25-29 too many times to not profit on the manipulation.
[deleted]
what happens if GME hits.. oh idk $80+ sometime in the next year. Will this sub become a hotbed for even more retards? Can't wait for all of the boomer Bloomberg articles describing a bunch of neckbeards living in their moms basement that just became rich off Blockbuster JR.
Coulda said mr.bones and it still would be accurate lol
Fucking agreed
ENG Calls. Go all in. You’ll be a golden god or a complete failure. 

Or do what I did and own like 80 SOLO contracts.
PLTR 🚀
[deleted]
Shit just goes up.  Really wish I had bought the dip yesterday but it’s been on a tear for like a month now.
Bought in td up 10 percent on my call already monthly not sure to hold past td though 🥺
We all do
QS market cap 40 billion but won't make any revenue let alone profit for years. Current market is just hype really.
calling you a salty boi, happy holidays
you could always sell long dated calls.
Turn that Guh into a Hug! 🤗
Electric buses.
Oh shit DIS broke through the 183 resistance. Let’s fucking go.
His hair left him for his wife’s boyfriend, too
All you pltr and gme virgins need to move on
this is true
Lot of bears were talking yesterday about big red day and I do expect tech to get beat up a little bit with profit taking. But once again people will FOMO back into it
Got you. I have a small position. Might sit and wait how this goes
My micropenis position just got a chub, adding 40 more shares tomorrow
AZN puts 🙌🏻
Bears now is the time to repent
Ban
Unless you are close to margin call or expiring options, selling below what you paid instead of having patience to at least break even is madness to me.
I have a few appl calls but they are long dated. Hopefully you are right. Only reason i havent sold is basically in case of what you just said
How far is"far otm,"?
to whatever mf that said to buy CMG puts at like 5am today, thank you
He just put this replu on twitter
Sir, this is a casino.
[deleted]
Nice dip in AAPL. Good buy in point .
my hrtzgq $35 flatline call approves
[deleted]
PD LI. Being delisted. Stock going up. Doesn't get much more retarded.
[deleted]
NET will reward us in 2021
Support at $134 for AAPL. Buy in now.
buy the top sell the dip
GME usually pumps after 10:30. I BELIEVE
Tesla
Not me
Doesn’t matter if the banks gone or not. His money is obviously still good.
OSTK finally find the bottom and gonna run?
Can't wait to visit the Disneyland Moonbase resort 🐁🚀🚀🚀
Hydrogen fool cells.
Excellent DD.
🏴‍☠️Skullduggery🏴‍☠️
MY DIS CALLS ARE FUCKING STOKED RN
How tf did this boomer find us
imagine not buying the PLTR dip yesterday
[deleted]
I can’t or else imma be marked as a PDT 🤤🤤
I went to tip the Starbucks barista but she saw my robinhood account as I was paying and she laughed and said, "that's ok, you need it more than I do". 😔
Source? I would like to see more beavers playing curling
PSTG on that yo-yo diet
LOL have you see the past one month since the start of December? 5 red trading days normally come after 1 green trading day. Wanna bet? I’ll PayPal you $100 if tomorrow ends red.
[deleted]
PLTR🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
RIOT is the fucking shit, paying for my sons estragon treatment like crazy 🔥🚀
PLTR RIPPING
#PLTR

PLTR gang where you at?? 🚀🚀🚀
Virgin Galactic is fucking bullshit!
Are you actually bothered by -0.7% lmfao
zm puts 💎👋
Fucking aids
[deleted]
AMD , it looks like today is the beginning of a uptrend
we will when they show smt, they are not even in NKLA fase
So who got PLTR calls and still down ? 👀
Hes short TSLA. Awe. Hes retarded.
what a mouth you have
What to trade for 3x bagger
700 EOY confirmed.
**I am a bot and identified and tracked the following options picks within this post:**

|**Ticker**|**Strike**|**Type**|**Exp**|**Recorded Premium**|**Recorded Stock Price**|**OI**|**Volume**|
|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|
|**PLTR**|**$19**|**BUY CALL**|**2021-02-19**|**$7.4**|**$25.76**|**2141**|**2**

[Realtime ROI](https://www.pickmojo.com/pick/ckjbksojsdpba0794hv1vxnyi) | [Track Record](https://www.pickmojo.com/user/Suspicious_Bar_4963/) | [Bot Info](https://www.reddit.com/r/pickmojo/comments/he9ghu/options_picks_tracking_bot_information/) | Leaderboard: [Week](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-week-reddit), [Month](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-month-reddit), [All](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/top-reddit) | [Exit this position](https://www.pickmojo.com/reddit_redirect)

**^(*My owner is monitoring these posts, reply with feedback! You can now track comments by mentioning me!)**
PLTR 🚀🚀🚀
First they ignore you, then they laugh at you, then they call you retarded, then we make money
BABA up bigly past 2 days in HK exchange.  China will not let it fail.  Come on boys, this is an easy play.
When it’s not valued at 300* revenue
An hour in and most stock charts look like flaccid cocks. This is a bad omen.
Fucking retards in this sub jesus. Standard hedge fund tactic; ramp up the price at the beginning of the week then beat it down. Makes it look like the stock has lost its momentum and people sell off. Don’t you know Melvin Capital is balls deep shorting GME? And that over 100% of the float is short? Fucking retards on this sub ffs
Yes. Uber driver and rider apps keep bugging me to use
I’m praying you’re right
yea its hard to find a chart for USA that's console only.in the UK on consoles it's 80% online, I think Europe was not far behind.

ASIA I think was still high retail sales but it's gamestop so :P

honestly retail gaming market is like blockbuster, some versions of consoles don't even have a drive.

Why would you visit a store to buy a digital code.  


I'm surprised gaming lasted longer than music in the retail stores..
RIOT $19C 12/31
PP in my LTR 🍆💦
Brother don’t look back unless you wanna jump back in, either way no regrets, if you made some green, be happy.
[removed]
didn't we just have a post about this shit?

edit: also bannnnnnnn
RIOT
MGNI has insane support at $30... just me?
[removed]
Should I even bother looking at my SPACfolio today?
I've scalped some profits off this one a few times, but I don't see where their revenue growth is supposed to come from. Don't most labs that need them already have their systems? Doesn't matter how wonderful their systems are if they've already filled the TAM.
Jesus. That’s a meme account and all of you fell for it.
If we are selling CC against those shares, can they still lend them out?
Jan 15 is one I’m adding to my shares
MT finally gonna break out?
That’s crap. My PLTR is in my RH account, been great so far. Fills have been fine w PLTR. And this is coming from a guy that also has a ToS account
The dip was fake and gay
And don't fucking paper hand
Manipulated = doesn't go the way I want?
Gamma wall at 3750 on SPX, increased crazy down at 3700. The more time we sit here 10pts off that upper mark the more gamma unwinds, MM takes off their hedge, and the lower we go. A lower auction to fill the Monday gap up gaining steam, could end the year at 3700. Internals still *look* strong for an uptrend today but FAANG isn't doing shit, weirdly we're floating on TSLA being up. Sold SPX calls since the premium was juicy, got some SPX poots if this lets go
Nio 0dte calls. Price target of 48 or 49. Fuck it
A self storage company? Rly?
You absolute duds didn't buy PLTR
GNOG on fire! The next DKNG, PENN
The level of retardation never ceases to amaze me here...
Tiger Woods birthday today FYI
Same for Tesla
PLTR
RKT
What if I told you that the GME short squeeze already happened?
PLTR $33 1/8/21 🚀🚀🚀
[deleted]
Got my 30% breh
someone give me a good daytrade
DIS 12/31 185c scoop on next dip
USO leaps
Ignorant boomer thinks he can outsmart 1.8 million autists in the face of stimy checks on the horizon 🥱

🌈🐻🔫
# $30*
Doubled down on my weeklies.
180 calls were like half an hour ago
What's the Theta on this?
Nah, I’m good just where i am at cunt.
[deleted]
By more to average down LUL
Careful analysis of the deep and detailed information concluded that this retard needs a ban
I'll read up on stock replacement strategy. Do you ever buy puts to hedge your position?
Morgan looking good.
LOL.
I swore to stay away from GME but fuck this bitch boi, IM IN
cnbc talking about AAPL, hopefully it'll stop the bleeding
its because i bought it
I just keep adding more lol. My avg is a bit high for right now, but as long as it is sideways trade around 26, I feel comfortable loading up
[deleted]
someone gimme a ticker that will run for the rest of the day
This could have been a 3% day but NET fucking me
[removed]
Might be a good time to load up on apple long for earnings run next month
Bullish NIO wedge. About to break out.
Get it 👑
Nope. It’s because I bought it
Don't mess with the 🐭
I’m sorry
It moons and shits for no reason. Its such a volatile stock
[deleted]
Are bears finally extinct? Is today the day the prophecy foretold?
[deleted]
Rotation into PLTR IMO
[deleted]
Wait till you meet my husband’s boyfriend whew
No one knows if something is priced in until news comes out and the stock price doesn’t change!
Hertz forming a double cock and ball torture buy now!!!
Given that we know WSB only holds ~5% of the outstanding shares, and most of that is in the hands of a few power users, you're grossly overestimating how many shares they hold.

And even if you were right, most of those are probably in robinhood or a similar margin account. What do you want those people to do? Sell their shares? Somehow deposit $5k-$10k to cover the margin? Stop buying the dip? It's fucking retarded advice from a retard.

Thirdly, none of that addresses my other points. Dumb fucks are getting impatient on what was always a long term play (long term for WSB anyway).
Yup. Sure enough, held my shit and am up 10% on my entire portfolio. Cashed out 90% of the shit I had in play and am done for the day.
Wait
PLTR $27 EOY
Hit me with a play. Note - I’m not looking for bicycle helmet retarded. I’m looking for wheelchair bound, feeding tube, drooling all over myself retarded.
JIH is now in 22 hedge funds. An all time high for them. Its critically undervalued, I feel like you guys are missing out hard.
Haven't seen much chatter in here about snowflake, seems wsb favours pltr over snow. 

When does snowflake become a buy?
If you missed the run up, which you did because it was literally at opening bell, move on. Puts in this market is just dumb AF. Buy the dips instead.
cowards always get their due
Year end profit taking! Buy the dip load up long and enjoy tendies
[deleted]
PLTR V E N G E A N C E 🚀
Have you ever used an Apple product? One's kidney should at least be worth a charging cable
I bought some BBBBY 20 FDs. They better print tomorrow
So did everyone else lol, half the reason it dropped so much was just profit taking
you must not use computers
It’s already up 13
Never, ever, ever doubt the house of Mouse!!!
[deleted]
BABAbooey
[https://i.ibb.co/WHgNT2k/image.png](https://i.ibb.co/WHgNT2k/image.png)

01/22/2022 TSLA $1000c for $9,000,000 just came in
[deleted]
Lol the manipulation on PLTR is so fucking laughable.
Wheres the GME gang at
Yup. These PLTR shares i bought with a $9.35 average have been quite the theta play the last month
no idea. They were hovering at $25 for a while and I guess it was time to pop
💎🙌
Oh man, you love to see it. These boomers are exquisite.
If you had apple or zoom I’m sorry
[removed]
It is mooning on literally no news. It’s def going to fall tmr
MM's failing to kill $21 calls!! Onward to $22
I bought in on GME the other day at $21.50, but with selling calls, my cost basis is already below $19. Thanks WSB!
But PLTR now while you have the chance
Yall know any good trading youtube channels that are not clickbait?
I see you are a man of culture too
It’s going to dump in 3 minutes, just sell afterwards.
[deleted]
If IWM gets past 198 it will continue parabolic move. Put on your chastity belts, bears.
Real question thought why is everyone betting on GME? I haven’t even thought about going into a GameStop in ten years, and I’m a gamer.
just need apple to hit that beautiful swan dive one more time
Who is giving all these golds lmao 
Must be Cramer
1/26
[Is every ambitious teenager a founder and ceo](https://www.newyorker.com/magazine/2021/01/04/is-every-ambitious-teen-ager-a-founder-and-ceo)

This shit is getting ridiculous bigly. What’s next, you gotta run Apple to be admitted to Harvard?
concrete shoes on sale, but what do I know
It’s a rare feeling!
Looks like those 21 calls might get paid out
yes
[deleted]
xD same
Dude, that will be exercised TOMORROW. Sell.
That’s what you call the MM super combo finish 😂😂😎
I don’t think they are. iPhone sales will be through the roof
NIO is bipolar as my ex right now, who was also Chinese
From now on I'm only allowed to buy stocks after 1 pm
lmao he just wanted others to short it to the hilt, he's long for the squeeze
Stonks only go up
Wtf is going on with apple?
Anyone ballsy enough to day trade the bounces in PSTH? I have too much FOMO to sell on any of the peaks.
[deleted]
[deleted]
The beacons are lit! We call for aid!
Smells like cultist in here.
I'm chilling right now but I'm getting tired of seeing my account not really moving. How long till this squeze is happening? And how does it work? Will we see a week where every day is 20% increase or will I wake up one day and see that GME was trading at 100 a few hours ago but now it's over? Cap?
Not the last two days 😬😬😬
[removed]
Sub $100... has to be
Did Pltr moon for no reason? 😂😂😂
He announced that all the legislative branch has to do for him to approve the $2k is 1 - launch a congressional investigation into the fraudulency of the 2020 elections and 2 - allow social media companies to be sues and held liable for their users comments.

Also and 3 - lick his sweaty neck flap.
Absolutely
Apple went up like 60 bilions after the rumors came out again? lol
CRSR dick so soft
Still time to come aboard PLTR, but I’d hurry.
I just want a good entry point to buy, not a bear.
[removed]
my .02 otm hedges should not reflect a price of 2.00 at open. it was a glitch and I'm okay with that.
GNOG public finally!! Easy 30+
While I'd love to see it that's a tall order for another 1.5 trading days.
About to invest in some fucking rope for selling PLTR yesterday
Why would you buy puts in this market.. you’ve had 9 months to understand puts don’t pay off unless you get very lucky
RKT go boom💥 
RKT to the moon 🌝 

It's not rocket appliances
[you guys rn](https://www.avert.org/sites/default/files/styles/article_scale_style_780/public/Hornet%20vid4%20lead%20pic.jpg?itok=t9YVSohc&timestamp=1573048049)
[deleted]
I believe what matters is the last price.
I missed the alert yesterday about the $23 peak. So....buy high sell low amirite?
Boomers and msm are ridiculously obsessed with this sub. Secretly they want to YOLO and do weeklys - but they can’t, so they come here to live vicariously.
GME is the fat chick. Piss off.
Dont cuck the mouse. All in DIS calls
Aapl still looking like it hasn't found bottom
Apple earnings are 2/2. Should I get some 2/19 140C?
He quote tweeted me 0\_0
[deleted]
RIOT 🚀🚀🚀🚀
RH shows views for day, week, month, year and five year.  But I was wondering if it shows any analytics. I guess maybe no....  Thanks.
Damn RIP to all the bulls that got recked and then decided to become a bear last minute only to get double recked
Yikes
Why is GME volume so low 🤔
She’ll attend community college
100% gains on LIT calls this past month. LFG
[deleted]
Gay ass 🐻
and just like that im not even red from writing a pltr put lmao
You're safe lol.

PLTR will never see 30$ imo.
Smells like broke in here
wat. why.
So this is what making money feels like
Eh appreciate the advice but I don't come to wallstreet BETS to buy shares. Purely gamble on options. Thanks though
hope u bought BABA dip and not 🧻 🖐️
I have a hard time betting against the rat
How did you derive the 85x PE? I'm trying to reconcile the comparison with LOGI but 85x seems far off. 

I think if the next Q could bring its FY20 to Net Income positive, that'll send a much stronger growth signal to the market. 

Why do you think the next couple of reports would be lower?
Wow. Loving this Santa rally
Sell and buy shares
Buy the BABA dip ????
"This is **not no** pump and dump...", so..... it **IS** a pump and dump...
PLTR$ bears better go make up with there sugar daddies
Interesting perspective. Would love to hear more of your thoughts on this?
no, I don't think I will. go back to /r/pennystocks fgt
Keep an eye as it rounds the corner
SE is not china lol
oh yah.
Gain porn keeps me in the game, loss porn keeps me from ending it all.
RIOT
RMO is going to rocket u retards. u just gotta trust me. watch
Ark option chains still showing whack strike prices for anybody else on RH? Scared to touch them in case RH fucks me
Stop getting told, do your own analysis
Hope you know its a meme account
[removed]
Market pricing in TSLA but not the Apple Car

WTF
ARKK, ARKG, PLTR, and ICLN all green today. Papa bless!
😢😳 what the hell is going on with FCX today? metals
Team RKT blasting off 🚀
You’re gay enough for everyone here
So you've heard of us
I’m baffled by how many people don’t realize their options contracts put more pressure on stock prices than outright shares. 

Options are leverage, in what reality are shares going to be able to exert more directional pressure than unlevered shares?
His options are so far in the money that the MM who sold them has already delta hedged. If not they will have to by expiration
[deleted]
Jmia emerging hard today 💪
So do all who live to see such times.
Lmao.. Rocket has sailed. It won't hit 20s
$FCX, babz. Crazy volume at open. Next stop $28
Stock replacement strategy....I'm a fan myself. Just a suggestion - consider looking at Deltas closer to 85. At a certain point, it's worth paying a few bucks of premium to reduce cash outlay by hundreds. Having said that, didn't look at this chain.
China make regulators great again
Good thing nicely split up their shares for the next gen stimmi checks to be dumped in calls. If only Bezos would do the same. A man can hope 😇
Yeah you won’t get covid at this table
Starting my shift behind Wendy’s. Two for one special so bring a friend. MT 3/19 30c earnings run up
In pltr before Jan 26th fellas make the right move
Hope y'all know this is just a meme account
Down -900 already. Alright I’m done with puts. These don’t expire till January 8th but everything I have puts in is going vertical right now so fucking stupid.
Apple 135 FD’S is the only thing I have left please  save me
Bulls have throbbin hard cocks, am I right.
You need to read in-between the lines
Correction. Shriveled Penis in a suit. Tweet that you fucking lurker.
Haha PE? So you gonna be a licensed professional corporate slave? Congratulations bruh but one day you will start to hate corporate slavery and the responsibility of being a PE. 

Give me tendies or give me death.
PLTR 23 EOD
PLTR$ AND
FOOKIN SQ$ mate 🔥🔥🚀🚀🚀🚀

PEAKY fooking blinders !!
Bruh
Cmon DKNG break 50!
[deleted]
Sold my baba calls at lost, am the definition of toilet paper hands
Wait you listened to someone who brought up Big Boomer Blue? That’s when you should have known to stop.
Jeepus

I used to completely ignore stuff like this, then someone shorted over $1 billion in ES contracts in March minutes before we had one of the worst sell offs since 2008 on the SP500 now I at least pay a little attention.

My guess is it’s actually a legit hedge but who knows.
This brings a whole new meaning to strip for daddy
No joke - when Coming 2 America hits - this will go ballistic.
[removed]
better than vegas
[deleted]
When are earnings
Duuuuuuuuuude
If it dips, I buy. It‘s that simple 🚀🚀🚀🚀
Lehman, says it all...
Theta gang eating
Think they are tomorrow, im not even invested in lazr though
[deleted]
[removed]
Smalll time fuckers lmaooo
Bought a spread on RIOT, seems like free money to me
[deleted]
China bro - JD, SE, TSM.

Edit: TSM not China. So maybe SE Asia.
This is going to be fun
Don't look now guys but we're MOONING. FUCK THE 🌈🐻
Yep. Bought 1 share of each

ARKK / ARKG / ARKW / BABA

ima turn that $600 into $2000 itl just take awhile
[deleted]
It’s coming into a huge resistance that it broke out of, if that holds and confirms as support, I’m bullish.... but right now, eating premium is the way
[deleted]
Commie bastard
Lazr news?
Not yet but i dont think we trade higher for a while
Sold some 26.5 C’s on PLTR... wonder if I’ll get assigned
I’m tempted to get some DIS puts at the top
HIMX 🚀🚀🚀🤑
This guy DOES NOT fuck
You called?
priced in?
What engineering? I'm mech.
I keep pumping it but NVTA
In for another 67 today. Even did it on Fidelity in case that dude last night talking about RH helping out the shorts is right. Bless you all for corrupting my real trading account. GME 🚀🚀🚀  🚀🚀🚀🚀
But he said GME, that's a get out of jail free card.
Instant up to 1k
PLTR GANG WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
2000x $SLV 1/15/21 $35c 

😎😎😎😎😎🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Its time boys lets take this motherfucker out
Slavery coming back?
This needs to be the top comment. Mr. SuitedPenisFuld tweeted this accurate characterization 🤣
Ah, getting my hopes up that I might be able to salvage some of my calls before we drill to the center of the earth at 10:30. Clever market.
I hope he shorted his hairline.
Anyone that bullies PLTR will get bitch slapped to the moon.
Siri play Charly Bliss
❤️
Up 450% on my position and rising. Eat a dick you salty ass bitch 🤡
Mega rich always have options to short. But, yeah fuck this guy.
With the comments here, I thought it was a red day, checked and its actually green. What the heck are people here holding?

https://finviz.com/map.ashx?t=sec
Loaded up on nrz calls and actual shares.... .40 div must be in before eod tomorrow.
Why has NET been so gay recently? Is it because I bought it?
Sir this is a casino
It's fucking huge, bigger than PACB huge with the Saphyr results [and ARK asking for a meeting.](https://twitter.com/sbarnettARK/status/1342142733000077314)
Good luck, shitbag
Asked my boys Dad who's is an economics professor at Brown what he thought of my GME master plan, all he said was "Video games?". Boomers.
PLTR dont stop, im almost there 💦💦💦
Seriously, not going to have a chance to get in on NVTA under $50 much longer. Get in before everyone else here picks up on it
Remind Me! 5 years
I’m a bull here but it’s not touching $130 it’s not going to touch $100 I highly highly doubt it’ll touch $70
I red somewhere that shares with a limit order are locked against borrowing
I'm at 815, getting close
keep warren's name out of your fucking mouth
What do I do with the NIO $37C I sold? Roll to next week? Or are my shares safe?
ban
ShAmBlEs!
Can't find any momentum anywhere
I mean look at that motherfucker. He's so pleased with himself lmao.
I should just fucking inverse yall technical analyst.. Or should I say astrologists.

Pltr is mooning today 🚀
Can't, I'm so balls deep in GME I don't have capital for more... 🚀🚀🚀🚀
[deleted]
Pussy
options gains are based on the midpoint of the bid and ask. If there's no bid or no ask yet at open, the gain shown is out of whack. But that's just how it's set up.
Bed bath and go beyond!
>isn't real


.


>delivered coal
Mnuchin bux
Right there with you buddy
Reported for not knowing what pumping is.
Mmm things gonna get spicy. 

Dumping some more in GME just to show him what happens when you try to short retards
What I do is take the most memes stocks on this sub, do some of my own DD, and then watch the share price for a bit.

Yeah I miss out on a few deals but I also lose less money. When a hot stock with good fundamentals dips, I go in with shares.

You’ll never see gain porn from me, but you’ll also never loss porn from me either.
got out of FCX shares yesterday into AAPL. real retard hours 😎😎😎
[deleted]
Saruman pleas fly again
Rip
Lmao I’m buying calls just because of this, what a loser
That's right RKT get your ass back up where it belongs
Should I sell my Uber $55 calls expiring on the 22nd
God I wanted to sell some this morning but webull doesn't let you sell options on their "instant buying power". Fuckin stupid, it takes 5 days to get my deposit. Makes me want to go back to robinhood...
oh def late. Bought 10C leaps when it was close to 9. Im not getting rid of it anytime soon, just venting mostly b/c I own a Ford Fusion and it is a POS lol
Rude
[removed]
PUTS! PUTS! PUTS! BUY PUTS!!
Absolutely
Gear up dude. Double top on AAPL. That’s bearish as hell. Im not even a 🌈🐻
Buy a pair of Bose or Sony over the ear noise canceling and call it a day. Then yolo that $250 you saved on some 0DTE spy calls that are 5% OTM.
JMIA = Africa = the next big emerging market
Both GME and PLTR are bone-headed plays. I'll be here when you all get BTFO
PLtR MOAR MOAR
Indeed
Gme $21c 12/31. How fucked am I
Wei tu lo
Depends on the options or the capital invested to begin with. 3% of $200 isn’t much but 3% of 200k is the fastest 6k you’ll ever make
Boomers, just love thinking they own/know everything. Fuck this pos.
im not laughin cause my portfolio is still shet

but wat bear was so delusional to think that the monkies at congress would pass some big money after failing to pass for the past 6 months?
GME 1000 shares club new member right here
Didn’t TSLA already go to Uranus 🚀🍩
Go PLTR Go!!! 🚀🚀🚀
Remember they get a % from those games aswell with the Microsoft deal. Also new consoles will give them huge boost in sales for now. Keep trying. This might dip tomorrow to 17 but that will be it possibly. What's your position? Goodluck I guess. We'll see who's getting rich
[deleted]
But you don’t. Move on
Damn man cutting it close... sell walls will be a bitch but Godspeed
Sold the baba top hey alright
Are you in puts?
Started one Dec 27 and it says it’ll be here 1/4
GME holders have the biggest dicks
Did anybody here get their 600 trump bucks yet?
AMD yes please keep going I needed this so bad
Until it doesnt.
can anyone explain to me why i shouldnt buy a bunch of deep itm icln 4/16 $20 calls? The delta is at .92 and time only costs .30 in the option price of about 8.50. Why should I buy shares when I can buy calls with 2-3x less collateral and get the same returns since time is so cheap? Shares give downside protection compared to itm calls I'm guessing?
Rise up palantards
Wrong.
Did y’all follow that dude who was a “professional trader” and gave his DD on PLTR.  He was so confident and even had a following.  Including me.  His posts went from $30 by EOY, $40 by 1/15.  Then now he says it takes generational cycles for things to moon.   Then compared getting into ibm early....to this stock.  The more I kept reading, the more I knew I was retarded for listening to another wsb DD post.
[deleted]
Always fucking take profits too early, so this time I'm gonna let these LI calls expire worthless
Who the fuck is handing out all the rewards?
Apple absolutely destroyed my will to live today
Mine are looking odd (105c is showing as 104.21c on webull). They just announced a dividend tho
Almost paper handed BABA. Big support at 235.
It’s up 3 percent retard
Wut it's up 2.7 pts rn
BUY THIS APPLE DIP.. earnings are going to be massive
[deleted]
[deleted]
I don’t get it. Idiots are still buying BKNG at these levels.
I was thinking the same, I feel like it’s gonna stay that way until lockup, and then it’ll start to stabilize...gonna start swinging like 30% of my shares when it reached $28-29 mark
[deleted]
I don’t see any 7 baggers. Most are 1-2 baggers
[deleted]
John\* Smith, please get it right, your wife respects me, why cant you?
Wait, Am I retarded?

&#x200B;

If Deep value was to exercise some of his contracts... He would have a shit ton of shares that were bought at 10$ and 12$ etc right???

So if he was to then hold on to these shares he would help accelerate this short squeeze right?

&#x200B;

This would be for the greater good no? Like, hes at 3.7m right now, he would go down in WSB History as a Savior amongst Men...

&#x200B;

Do it.
PLTR RIPPING SO HARD I FEEL IT IN MY BONES 🦴🦴🦴
Pumping? Heres to hoping I’ll move the market with 2800 shares 😂
Hey!, they're at .04! How you doin today amigo?

Edit: .04
This thing is dog shit wrapped in cat shit and has been a disappointment ever since we pumped it. 

Undeserving of the name Rocket.
Rotation into TSLA
Ass side
[deleted]
The pennystocks sub is all over it.
[deleted]
Puts at the top for riot
I dont fuck with aapl at all. Fuck trading aapl
Which one of you retards is buying everyone gold?
OMG appleeeeee
Added 200 shares... Averaged way up. Thanks for asking
tell her this is the way  🚀
Santa Claus isn’t real. Just look at stonks! Santa didn’t deliver many gifts this year. He gave all the memes a huge lump of coal
Looks like the DIS moon mission is over. 

What should I rotate into with my tendies?
B n g o next tenner
Christ, how can I not buy puts on PDD?
Wouldn't that just let rh know its safe to loan my shares until gme gets close to 120?
Damn nice, now up 2.25 and no move in 7/16/21
Karpy take us to the moon
Nope wait till 300. Unless you see like a million volume dump candle.
Wait... is the guy the wife's bf or the OP

Im confused
GME GANG dont worry this is just a volume issue wait till next Monday when all the big boys are back
I mean I’d hope so for the 20 year old company spearheading EV.
NIO inverted dumpling pattern forming. Breakout imminent.
🧢
Definitely safe. Normally on the last trading day of the week PLTR goes deep red
No, because my 40c 4/16 are where it's at.
Shut the fuck up
puts looking cheap... wouldnt go more than 10 % otm
Wait till you see our mods
Some AGGRESSIVE apple selling rn
Lol that’s a bit much to ask for
Wtf does reddit gold even do. All I know is GME 🚀🚀🚀🚀
They’re fantastic
Maybe I closed out all my positions. Maybe I didn’t. Maybe go fuck yourselves all you Warren Buffet types 🖕
Give me the next meme for me to go full retard on
Here i thought I was being less retarded by buying FD debit spreads . Had the limit set to 200% ROI. Up 250% and robinhood still wouldn't close it (plenty of liquidity). Didn't have enough cash to close it manually. Had to eat measly 86% ROI. Lame
Fuck this bot.
Ya and their future expectations are pain.
BBBY FLY TO 25 1/15 AND I'LL START RECYCLING
Why is tim angry
You retards who didn’t buy FCEL yesterday are retarded, retards. Diamond hands all day
Yup add Walmart partnership too to the pile; don’t understand at all.  Hell of a dip, wtf
Ban
JMIA flies again 🥞🥞🥞
Already has for me
I'm holding 105c but my cheeks are getting clapped
Sir, this is a casino.
[deleted]
Stocks being driven by a company's profits? That seems incorrect to me.
This ⬆️⬆️⬆️
What NIO used to do
[deleted]
Nice dd. Godspeed
Only if your a 🌈🐻 it’s a nightmare
Worth more than google? Legit question
ARKG Shitting the bed once again 🤣
Russell just had to recharge yesterday, back to mooning.
Got some 371p 1/8/21
It's too high imo
Ok
Bout to buy this bitch up
[deleted]
That apple dip... time to load up
[deleted]
Isn’t it obvious you shit for brains
$SLV baby pleas FLYYYYY
PLTR trying to retake 21 ema
GO TSLA GO LAZR 😫😫💦💦💦
PLTR YOU BETTER RECOVER AS MUCH AS YOU CAN CAUSE THE NEXT 5 TRADING DAYS WILL BE RED.
Place a sell order at $120 to avoid that your broker loans your shares
“PLTR is dEaD StiCK a FoRk inHeRR DuduRR”
Shares...it's always been about shares.
Ban
im going to need nano dimensions to go 9.75 EOD pls
You're a tard
PLTR fly again
[deleted]
CAT weeklies were 7 baggers today. Boomer stocks have great returns if you get the timing right.
5 mil is nothing. Must be a little hedge
Need GME to moon! I have 12/31 21c. 🚀🚀🚀
When’s next launch date?
FCX out here killing it. Let’s go
NIO pleas fly
Bi here
[mirwais - disco science](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gc2C0kp8bwI)
I bet you bought some AirPods max like a retard?
Cnk
RIOT mooning 🚀🚀🚀🚀
Any profit is better than a loss
Are there any good retards to follow? I follow computerte1996 and sir jack. I find the stonkengineer has more depth in his comments that I am able to learn from. Any other good ones?
Am up 200% on my EDIT 75c 12/31. Too bad i only bought one contract.

Did the same with BABA last week, atleast had 3 contracts for that.
I studied a shit ton. Been studying since November 2019. Was supposed to take exam April 2020 but it got cancelled. It got cancelled again in October 2020. Finally got to take the CBT in December. 

I learned a lot on the way so I don’t regret all the studying.
yeah It's dipped literally right after I bought
This post is satire and people are actually getting upset reading it. Lol, the emotions surrounding gamestop on WSB right now is that "froth" being referenced by talking heads. New traders lack the awareness both collectively and singularly to realize these sentiment indicators.
Its called autism with a hint of ADD.
What’s up loser
Why is NET such a piece of shit rn
FCEL $10 1/15c printed my guy!
Thanks for the head up
RIOT
The volume on it is nuts today
[deleted]
Melvin big mad
Best of luck.
Negative mate
I was told GME calls were a smart play?
can we PLEAS 🛸🚀 again?
I don’t buy that theory personally, but given the way the dollar has been getting fucked I would have expected more positive movement.  Really seems like market is waiting for an update on expected production, although I think they still have one of the bigger mines closed after a dude died.  They reopened the one by the dam that washed out though.
[removed]
Smart. If GME goes to $0 tomorrow now he still gets to flex the fat stacks, he’s locked in the feeling of being a king.
Stop being a poor
Professional engineer? Grats now go buy some 1DTE lotto tickets
 !RemindMe 1 year
Could make a lot of money swinging PLTR. Shit always goes to 29-30 then back down to 25, rinse repeat
Anyone else feel like S&P 500 inclusion neutered TSLA? 

She’s been less big dick frothy rallies lately.
Im gonna go ahead and say those $29 PLTR calls i sold are still safe lol
If you didn’t buy that ARKK/G dip yesterday you hate money
Man, one of these weeks BA is gonna fly

I just hope I have enough cash to keep pumping into calls before I have to start sucking dick behind a Wendy's
I'd date any Chinese calls post inauguration.
Buy 10 GME shares if you're reading this
Tim this is your final warning. Pump or I return these AirPods.
It was given 83 days ago, that's 2.7 months ago not 6. Take a look at the CRSP chart for that day. As I mentioned it wasn't the only catalyst, it seems people are actually getting cured and those two facts combined let to a technical breakout. The Wood interview is just cherry on top.
Buying that FCEL dip yesterday was basically free money, nice
this video was a better investment than 90% of the posts here
You ain't American if you're not buying apple, most valuable American company
Mess with the bulls, your wife gets a bull.
I hope today doesnt turn to yesterdays nightmare
[deleted]
[deleted]
10,000 autists hold 1,000 shares each = 10mil shares, big deal
I felt the strong urge to turn gay and buy BABA FD puts when it was at 235. That's how I knew it was the bottom so I did not buy. Call me Will Hunting.
BRB gonna go drop $1,000,000,000 into SPY so I can see that bull on your face.
Anybody else buy that EDIT dip yesterday?
Stonecutters gotta stop holding Elon back
-
I am fucking retarded
10% day on PLTR. 🤞
[deleted]
lol idk
DERRRRRRRP! REEEEEEEE! GME!!!!!! 🚀🚀🚀
fuck you and the pennies.
sold 17c covered calls... for 3.00 there will be a dip and ill buy it back later if its exercised
This slow crawl healthy market is boring as shit. Gonna have to get my gambling jollies somewhere else
A gain is gain. Plus zm looked tempting at the open so I bought it. Up another 1k on that
PLTR MOOOOON - to the same price as yesteday at 11am...
[removed]
Let’s go teslaaaaa
CRWD🚀🚀
[removed]
Because December is a choppy month to trade (this year more than ever before) plus we have the stimulus bill issue, COVID freak out, elections in GA that will determine Biden’s new admin for the foreseeable future.
Ah, you mean the global financial firm that is still thriving and not at all totally gone due to bankruptcy?
[deleted]
Lol
Baba shook out the paper hands
Do it you won't! We'll be glad to take this guy's money too
Between crap like this and the <$25k loss porn, new is a wasteland of garbage. We just gotta keep reporting the tards.
[deleted]
[deleted]
We found the 🌈 🐻
How the fuck is PFE expensive with its 4% div yield and P/E to support it?
Weird way to say “I’m gay” but I appreciate the courage
Mines doing the same with ARKG lol. I was fucking thrilled, HOLY SHIT +9% ON OPEN
How is 3% a moon move?
[deleted]
The BABA recovery lets go!   🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
MARA giving a morning pump up here!
Nice, I hope your puts expire worthless for whoever bought them!
I don’t have any GME, seems like it’s about time to add some to teach this bald mf a lesson.
Please daddy

(I’m just a bear this week I have long term calls in green energy and materials I just expected more selling)
It’s been nothing but good to me, must’ve got in late lol. Came in hot with those 2023 leaps when it was like $6
RKT rocket 🚀 take me to the moon
Priced in buddy
No, it's just ARKG. There isn't even a bid/ask on my brokerage. 

I see Yahoo Finance also showing no bid/ask.
Gay bears are so one dimensional
The ARKKs are coming back into port!
MT 30c 3/19
Wow....how the fuck did you manage to sign up for a brokerage account?
Just incorrect, man. You don’t understand the scope. Thinking in checkers moves.
He should short his ugly theres wayyy too much
1DTE SPY 375 calls
🔥🔥
[deleted]
What's RGB?
you'd be bored then. 

Rich and playing with dolphins everyday.. that gets incredibly boring. 

You'll end up trying to invest in a company or do something profitable with your money.
can spy go up a bit more again 

i wanna scalp put
real brokers have glitches too. Merril showed me having a 40k gain yesterday at open on my IWM Put hedges. I did not have a 40k gain two minutes later.
PLTR to the mooooon 👀
SOLD SUMO FOR FUBO AND NOW IM NEGATIVE 🤡
Dont give me an award fucking retard give it to a charity or a gofund me jezus
Did you say buy MT?
Yes the fuck you are
[deleted]
Ouch
Im surprised I havent seen any stupid RKT to the moon crap in a while - maybe people finally realized it wasn't going anywhere just because rates were low
Killer ER, 4 PT upgrades = red every day for 2 weeks
guaranteed money. DIS always take a shit after mooning. Learnt this the hard way.
Bullshit. You only need one thing:

Tits.
MT was always a 3-4 month play, boring but still hopeful March calls will print and it will be around $30+/share at that point
Nah
[deleted]
Fuck PDT lol

Moving money around and starting a new account, approvals and such still flowing in.

Totally forgot I withdrew a bunch of money and bought an apple option for a scalp. Flipped that and moved on.

Now I have an FCEL position and this shit is mooning, but if I sell thats 2 PDT strikes in 1 fucking day. How do y'all do it.
if PLTR ends green eod, i guess it will be 6 red days again 😴
Yes, DIS will.
Not listed today but FTIV looks like a really good buy
[deleted]
Lots of spit.
Down bjg on baba, my Jan 15 hopefully have time to run
Be strong PLTR go forth my child
Yesterday
[https://i.ibb.co/pw8YMjw/image.png](https://i.ibb.co/pw8YMjw/image.png)

2x SPY golden puts.  01/08 366p for $5,000,000 just came in
[deleted]
[deleted]
370p 1/11/21
40 4/21 GME calls checking in
I wish I didn’t buy these wish calls 😐
[deleted]
[deleted]
I'm not slapping anyone
You'll be fine lol. Enjoy the tendies.
If he would of invested 100K in 20 diffrent stocks in September. he would have an average return of 5-40%. 100% return of he invested during March.

Wow.
Nothing I could find but it behaved like a manipulated 50M cap penny stock
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [Vanessa Amorosi | Absolutely](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rco1QQShM1Y) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rco1QQShM1Y)⠀►►⠀ 2:36 / 3:55 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
I get the point, that’s why held until so much losses. Show your positions
I think matress king has 2 now but still shitass tom of money
Let’s laugh at all the bears who thought markets will crash today because super stimulus was rejected
Is theta gang recruiting?
PDD still on a crazy run.  Might buy in first of the year depending on what it does.
Can I talk about bionano here yet? Has it gained enough market cap in a week without you guys?
damn u might be suspended. i can buy options all the way to december2021
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/RoosterTooth the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
[deleted]
This is the only thing I read off your thread. but you didnt mention the strike price an date. do I buy apple 300 by 2022?
Is there a way to only grant access to our sub for Retards only? 

Fuck a 🌈🐻!
Wish I bought more on the dip. 2200 shares isn’t enough.
Pretty crazy today. I’m up $1
Moscow Mitch
[removed]
Admitting you live in California / Bay Area is not doxing

Lotta Tesla fanboys here lmao.
yup, and some of them do that. Various members of the royal family in England end up in the military, or some sort of Cadet force. 

Some of them go into pro horse riding.
Natürlich, Bruder
Thank god I’m not getting sounded by 🌈🐻 again today. To the moon 🚀🚀🚀🚀
Yes!
Posting in a smart thread so I must be smart.
How'd it go? Study too much or not enough?
DIS we’re supposed to be going up not down
proof or ban
Tomorrow isn't May AFIAK. Lol what is up with that stock? Is it a meme?
im diamond hands with these TSLA puts from before the S & P listing
Alexa play Absolutely Everybody by Vanessa Amorosi
They pay a real nice dividend too. Got a good chunk of shares in my long term portfolio too
etrade is on acid it thinks i paid 0.00 for my arkk leap and it's the price as the gain wtf
Thanks for the tip! Only down 15% already. That’s my best one yet
I sold my calls that I bought a few days ago at a 7% profit today and I'm deeply unhappy. What has this sub done to me such that 7% gain in one week is undesirable
Ok looks like I need to do my research. Not looking at CBD which is a scam. Thx bro 👍
Bn go is the most compelling buy I have ever seen
#TNA

Added more $75c for 1/15/21, literally free money today. Anyone else riding these with me?
BABA floor found. 🚀 engage
Wtf lol
WSBers talking about Macy’s calls. Puts it is
Its not gonna be disney.
I'm putting all of my emotions into my next trade
[removed]
Moon mission begins now 🚀🚀🚀
Hahah I love that you are asking these questions about reading the post yesterday about manipulation.
You too boss. Looking much better today!
you have to think bigger.

BABA 300 eow 🚀🚀🚀
He’s in for a good time
This whole week has been like that for real
SPY pleas die again
Not many people are trading GME today. If it goes up biggly, that means it was almost all buys
mum I made it!
End of year sale
There is hope.
All of you guys are gay
I'm tempted to do the same, but it hasn't had a meaningful pullback in a long time. Maybe do half now, half if it goes lower.
Theta gang gang gang
No way I successfully caught the knife on Baba with my 12/31. Literally never works.  And now that I said something it's got to go down.
why are you talking to me
if it were illegal it would be in a cage and we'd be rehomed to some midwest family that cooks potatos and watches cartoons for a living.
Is anyone else able to trade ARKG options? I haven't been able to buy or sell for two days now.
Can we seriously get some moderation up in here?
Way to Doxx your location lol. They do be uppity doe
[deleted]
What was the news yesterday? Or just random jump?
We got a regular Joseph Smith here! So does that mean you’re a prophet, and predicting the down fall of the short sellers and that it’ll rain tendies?
FCEL retards, let us take our Diamond hands and slap the shit out of the paper hand 🐻 and doubters! Let’s goooooooo 🚀🚀🚀🚀
Oh no. This snl charicature knock off wants to short GME.
Damn that 100x PLTR short made me a ton of money. Out for today
I exited yesterday at open, fuck this shit... might get in later, but probably won’t
**BABA now returns to it’s regularly scheduled moon mission**
No sir, I said apple falls
Anyone willing to take a gamble on AMC?
Apple was trying to get in on the EV moon game... we saw right trough siri’s bullshit
It is on the list
American idiot.
god ford is such a POS and I don't know why I went full dumbass boomer and bought 10C leaps sometimes
#PLTR 🚀

Getting ready to go the moon on this next leg up. Let’s go!!
Who tf is giving everyone gold? Throw your shit into GME instead.
I'm down for a red day if it means it's rigged to go green by tomorrow
MM to fuck us
After 20 minutes of posting this he’s already about to be in the red.
[deleted]
Cathie 👀
This is the way 💎 🖐
NIO is in a pennant rn, buy as low as possible. Big possibility of big moves today.
I DECLARE BANKRUPTCY
Bn.go is booming. Just wait until arkg buys in 📈📈
Buy shares Hold for 2-5 years
quick question for lockup  expiration dates.... do insiders sell during market or after hours typically ?
All in Palantir 26p 25.5p fd.
Thank me later.
[deleted]
good news for assessing the number of paper hands
IDK, it is retarded enough that it could work

Lots of bagholders, going to be a turbulent ride up
Impossible.
Lol AMC keeps diluting their shares.
Weird I’m up 12% on my 4/15/21 calls
I declare today PLTR DAY 🚀🌚
Buying the Pinterest dip
A degenerate gambler. I like you.
I love when people post DD after a stock has gone up like %50 like wow, good prediction of the past
What source is that?
Apple is going to have a monster month with a historic ER due to Covid delays issues on their phone launch. Anyone holding calls is going to be very, very happy a month from now.
The fuck is a Price Earnings exam
[deleted]
[deleted]
baba's back against the wall rn
PLTR $30 EOY
PD LI confusing the shit out of me. Its being delisted, why is it going up?
Baba give me that V recovery into 240
[removed]
Trying out value investing to see if this lunch buffet dude is onto something
I thought today would be a Green Day... 📉📈 💎🖐🤚
[deleted]
28 eod
[deleted]
It's a real business with real customers going public. Electric buses sold to cities.
Saudi Arabia intends to be Mad Max land confirmed.
Did you say Apple?  

Long $AAPL!  To the moon!
Took 80% profit on AMZN spreads, swapped to SPX puts, we end lower
[deleted]
Did you shit out your source 5 min sgo?
PacBio is easily my fav biotech stonk
We should all do a zoom live group masturbation and bukake all over the uncooperative tickers loool
At this point I just feel bad for amc
ZM drops and my puts become valueless
[deleted]
How high do you think riot will go. $20c 1/22/21
Great dip to buy Snap.
I wonder?
As long as GME doesn't go down I don't give a damn. Trade flat if you want, it still puts pressure on the shorts until holiday numbers come out and we rocket🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
\*In a cash account  🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀
Idk, I think everyone is playing the first few months into the new year, not too much activity in leaps yet. I’m up 30% on my base though
Pinduoduo ✅✅
Sold Jan29 $27 puts. Is that another great recommendation to avoid share lending! Have 30 Jan 15 calls too.
[deleted]
FDX......... wtf is wrong with this stock. Down 14 days in a row basically
4th time this jackass posted the same screenshot ban plz obv attempt @ pump
Big if true
I’d wait for break back above 236 to confirm reversal
Slow sell off all day, pump final hour to make up for the sell off then gap up overnight.
Uh, pretty sure Thiel is gay, that’s what that whole Gawker media thing was about, wasn’t it? They outed him, so he ruined them. So yeah. Pretty sure he’s not getting anal from anyone’s wife any time soon
Because it pumped on some vapor icar news that isn't going to come to fruition for years

Deserves to pullback a little bit
I like how TSLA is finally in the S&P and it literally inverses it on every big move. You can basically hedge one with the other, which I guess makes complete sense in such a manipulated and illegal meme market like the one we're living in nowadays.
earnings coming up be ready to sell
Nah much cheaper this way
The theory is that it will rise on the backs of the other mining stocks giving guidance. But god damn if the market doesn’t seem to think it’s worth exactly $17.
Haven’t the shorters learned that our retard strength will not let GME fall?
Double bottom on nio
Me too
SPY taking a dump
what does that mean?
The fuck is going on with RIOT
This is how far this sub has fallen ..
Choppy as fuckkkkk
BABA 0DTE calls at EOD?  OK A-hole?
Well boys i found out I passed the PE exam today. My stocks are mooning also. 2021 is looking up for me.
Chinese billionaires are growing like crazy [https://i.redd.it/qysdqrihma861.png](https://i.redd.it/qysdqrihma861.png)
Thanks assholes. Yet another one I bought from hearing it on reddit and it goes down like 30%. Just standing around holding the bag now.
[deleted]
Saudi kingdom is unloading all their tech is what my source is telling me. Take it or leave it.
No
What made you think it was going down?
They found worms in the harvest.
No need to understand it if the CEO has gorgeous hair.
10:15 time for the slow bleed for the rest of the day.
Diamond hands, wait for earning reports to get the ball rolling
If I know my baby goev. It's be red by eid
CLF gang checking in
WSBers talking about Macy’s puts? I know this routine. Calls it is.
[deleted]
MT the kind of stock that likes to melt up and sometimes have GAP UPS
If I'm not using margin, will rh still loan my gme shares out to be shorted?
read yesterday its on a do not short list today, 

i dont know if theres any truth to it or not
Cheers for the advice, I'll definately change. And yep you d not want to know the fees for trading US stonks, I think I'll be saving thousands long term thanks to you
You're welcome
Don't.. Just don't. Literally been holding for so long as it does absolutely fuck all. I know as soon as I sold it will moon but I just can't anymore.
[deleted]
falling knife 🔪 catcher here on aapl 🙂🙂🙂🙂🙂🙂🙂🙂🙂🙂🙂🙂
Come on qqq stop holding us back!!!!
Guys is this dip for appl not healthy though?
If you want to get downvotes fast just say the following:

“Trump was a good President.”

Edit: See?
Wow LAZR turn green for me!
Tim 🍎 just doing Tim 🍎 things
I WOULD SELL CALLS OR ELSE YOU WILL BE LEFT WITH $0..  
$6k to $800
But if I spent 100k on a car that's 100k that's not in GME or PLTR 🤔
Back to the 120’s we go
when is GME dipping so I can yolo FDs
I’m +52k for the year on DIS and -30k on the year with SPY. 

I’m clearly retarded.
Watch out for low 132s.
If I owned FB, I would broadcast a required 15 second Kim Jon Un style message every morning before allowing the plebs to feast from the teat of my social media schlong.

Greetings, Normies. Today's outlook is: Dank.Check out this quiche recipe that also has a cool story about the author's grandma and nine children. Stay classy, and buy more occuluses,-zuck
what is going on exactly???
Need some plays guys. Buy the BABA dip? Or what
How do you like it now you Boomer fucks, meme stocks always win 🚀
FU.... 6-7% is nice move!
💎💎💎💎💎

Sure I could have NOT lost money for several days, but that would have created a taxable event 😡😡😡😡
I check a stock more after ive sold it than when I actually own it lmao
I bought at $13
AAPL really shittin the bed today
AMZN weeklies destroyed
[removed]
im praying MT has a 10%+ day like it had a few weeks ago
FCEL, we are for a go on launch
PLTR turning over. Put a fork in it
Is there actually any good reason for the AAPL dip
I'll take a nice flat day for GME. Let the paper hands calm down a tad and another day closer to the console sale numbers.

Then back to the moon mission 🚀🚀🚀
I’m hard
I posted about exiting at $21.85.  The Rocket Emoji Gang promptly downvoted me to oblivion and thrashed me in comments.

I even mentioned $21.50 as a good exit point multiple times in comments. 

And I pointed out the $22-$24 range *many times* as being an area where there will be a lot of shares available from longs.  That alone makes the "infinity squeeze" thesis impossible.  Some of those shares might get held back, eventually (targets moved up), and I fully expect they will.  But a lot of those shares are with "value investors", not necessarily growth investors, so they will discount Cohen involvement and stick to their exits.

I also posted about $12.80 being a fantastic buy point a few weeks ago, saying it would be back at $14 quickly.  It went to $14 by that afternoon.

And all I'm trying to do is help people make money instead of following the clowns on here, which won't make them as much as they could be on GME which has been an absolute gold mine for me this year (over $1m in total returns just on GME trades, selling CCs at opportune times, selling cash covered puts, etc).  There are people actually losing money on this shit by FOMOing in and panicking out.  It's kinda amazing actually.

I was originally in this at $2.72 and had that all called away at $5.50, and then re-entered at an average of $4.24.

My only regret is that my position sizes weren't double what they were, and they could have been.  I've had too much capital squirreled away in other shit that has done very little (I'm looking at you, AUY).
There’s still hope.
is a baba 1/29 $255 too aggressive
[deleted]
Looks like I'm going down with NET this week lmao.
Olympic style
he's only shorting combs. fuck off baldy
I just got two accounts pretending to be me removed on Twitter in 3 hours. I’m impressed with their response time and support
FUBO pleas
You/us being the sardine, and the someone else being the whale. FOL
[removed]
Daddy yolo'd all his money and can not afford to send me to college- Logic
What religious slurs are banned from this sub cause I’d like to use them all
Tim Cuck at it again
Yea wtf is up with that stock? Haven’t played it in a while but i remember the same thing, leaps not moving
\> hypothecation

We gonna motha-fucking hypothecate those shorts
FCEL had me losing stupid money the last few days. Then they said, “Chelo7, we’re just fucking with you. We wanted to test your loyalty, here are your diamond tendies back, retard.”
die, SPY. DIE!!!
Should I go back and check how much money I've lost on sports gambling? It might hurt a lot tho
NIO, XPEV, LI have weird movements this morning. All are green technically, but 3 big swings (dip, rise) both ways. On all of them.
Squeeze that teddy bear
Anyone know her name?

Edit: nvm, it's Morgan Brennan
GME up with under a million in volume, nutty
Imagine buying AAPL calls at the top, your calls must be extremely worthless now
Come on Thermo Fischer, you have so many vaccines to keep cold
VXX time
You’ve made it to /r/shitamericansSay ! Congratulations!
What the hell is happening to Apple? 

📉📉📉🍎🍎🍎
RIOT 🚀🚀
Ramen cups.
Got 2 283 4/16 puts at open. Hope it keeps going
Could my TAK leaps do something please
Yes actually lol
Yes
Popcorn time
Me too
U should have put it into Palantir. It’s a meme but it’s the real deal man
is there a chart on Tos that shows your money over time like rh?
I’m just here for the gold
Average down like a proper autist
More juice to squeeze out
Damn, FDX thought I bought the dip; this is a 8-layer one
Well that’s 200 more shares for me boys
Hey at least Cathy coming thru today nice
WTF is this?
>BIO10^-9 🚀 🚀 🚀.  
🧬^-9
TIL 0.5% is mooning
He can sit in the corner and clap while we take turns banging the wife
[deleted]
when is the launch? Ive had my eye on HYLN since SHLL and been waiting for these lower prices. Great time to get in but wanna time my position
CRSR 💎🖐
Elon take me to Valhalla
TAN, FAN, QCLN and BST are gonna make me rich
nice symmetrical triangle on gme, let me consult my astrology book
Thank god my calls were Feb dated
G🍏EV
Update, I found this: 

"Under the short-sale rule, if the best bid is 85 cents you can’t short at 85 cents. You have to put in your short-sale order at a price higher than the bid. A bid for your (higher) ask price has to come through for the order to get executed"

So in essence, you are still allowed to short sell under SSR but only on a higher price than the current bid price. I guess it helps a bit as the gay bears can't simply short on spot. Slowing their movement.
BBBY printed this morning for weeklies who was with me?
Cant wait for the next post when you gotta tell her what happened to the money
ducky
so many cocky baba bulls last night. knew thiss was coming. the ol' celebrating at midnight means morning drill.
Jesus Christ, fucking sell off or something. This shit is lame.
DKNG $60 EOY
That would be something :d
Keep going down QQQ PEW PEW PEW
Apple bruh...
[removed]
you son of a bitch, i’m in
Been getting beat up on PLTR this week so I decided to buy puts. Jokes on you MMs I have shares that are mooning eat shit
60 129p 1/8
Western ofc haha
LAZR mooning again
When I die I want Tim Apple to lower my casket so he can let me down one last time
Wrong game was thinking of the bucks v Celtics
That's every day buddy boyo
Why is Apple going down? Tim cuckin me
what the fuck is going on with Nio, is it on a pogo stick or something?
Tesla wants the moon - qqq gotta stop limping
they are on fucking crack
AAPL. off the high dive wtf
Cathie just buys every stock that has genomics in its name. Smart!
Rotate from BABA into JMIA. Germans doing e-commerce in Africa

Kaufen Sie den Dip, verzögert
Banks trading sideways again. Ugh.
Diamond hand BABA or no
Sold for a profit and bought back in at a higher strike and longer expiration
[removed]
Western new year or Chinese New Year?
[deleted]
can someone reach out to apple and remind them we only like green apples not red ones
ICLN up 2% and my 7/16/21 30C haven’t moved
Well that does fuck all for us right now doesn’t it
Doing God’s work.
What??? Raptors lost by 7 . I stopped watching
etrade
Mega bull switching to bear
QQQ taking a nosedive
[deleted]
Sell that shit now
SLV is looking like it may break resistance soon. Once it does it is go time. Loaded up on June 2021 and Jan 2023 calls 🤑
Patience, brother.
Beats me dood
I know man. I wasn’t even focused on the market had a lot of draining stuff going on. I came back in June and there will still be plenty opportunities to grow
How can I tell if I stumbled into a short squeeze in a penny stock? 😂
Tradingview
Vaccines work on the new strains <Rumor
PFE confirms vaccine works on new strain <News
IPOC like a phoenix from the ashes
You sure about that?
baba bear trap
DIS hitting resistance at 183. Let’s fucking push the mouse to Alpha Centauri.
you know for a fact this dudes wife has a muff
Hold or sell MVIs 7c 1/15. Majority wins. Go ?
Baba doesn’t hold 235 I’m out
CRWD is leaving the launchpad. Last chance to hop aboard the gain train to tender town.
NIO volume looking decent now, got 4 hours of sleep last night and bought in way too early. Just got rattled out of my position. Lol. If I’d waited to buy I’d be gucci
AAPL is a no brainer. 5 trillion company by 2023
hiv getting rekt :/
Just 8 points in 30 minutes no biggie right fellas? *nervously laughs*
LMAO AAPL 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
What an aapl drill
Lmao what did you think, it would run up 20% in a day and nobody would take profits? You belong here retard
Thx
Baba took a dump 😂😂😂
GILF? Grandma I Like to ****?
[deleted]
The fine is the least of their worries. The fact that Ant has to stop large portions of its business is the main problem.
218 is knock out Barriere. I must be at -20% right now
PLTR ARKG ARKK TSLA 😤💎🙌
Clean energy Green Day??
Ok Mike O'hearn
Who had the balls to diamond hands DIS leaps from March lows?
Duhh
>Finally sold my RKT. Seriously fuck that stock.

Come on man, the Najarian rally is just beginning!
Moon b4 jan 8 pls :(((((
You only need a homeopathic dose of 1 part per quintillion essential quail egg oil extract. It's been proven by some guy in a white lab coat on late night TV infomercials to cure pretty much anything.
So instead of research and analysis this ninja turtle mf is basing his trading decision on wsb.  Sounds good to me!!
Fucking ouch! That 3 pointer with .4 seconds left must’ve hurt really bad. I take back what I said. 

Nvm wrong game lol
[deleted]
Which one do you like? It’s not too expensive right now? Def has a lot of potential
Where did Jack Mama touch you?
Waiting for Disney to dip.. good luck with that
Apple call looks like 🤕
Sauce?
This reads like the most stem lord jerk ever. Go back to your freshman intro to algo class.
i'll never understand baba gang, literally 3 months of guh and still buying calls lmao
congrats to the IPOC bagholders
I still have faith BABA!! Resume the moon mission🚀🚀
I really wanna beat Tim Cook’s ass rn
STEEL GANG WE RIDE🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
CHWY mooning again
[deleted]
fucking hope so
basically one month of groceries
[deleted]
Dr.PP liked it tho - hes pretty good with his TA and all
April is a long ways away! Wonder why the price has been high teens recently - must be QS related
[deleted]
The new UK Covid gives you a British accent and crooked teeth

PLTR 30c
Well buy some puts for me cause my last $400 is riding on calls
BABA buying opportunity
Apple too the moon
[removed]
Wait for dip
Wait, you mean baba is acting irrationally? Noooo.
Suk it bares
Long DKNG + BFT
Dip in BABA is due to people harvesting losses cause most people will have a loss in it. It will 100% moon in the new year.
[deleted]
[removed]
Take me higher NIO bb
We generally want each other to make money here and share our strategies and plans to benefit everyone. That's what made this place great. This boomer mentality of being secretive and wanting others to fail never belonged here. If that's how you want to be then go to r/stocks and r/investing where you can fit in with all the other selfish boomers.
TSSSSSLAAAAAAA
Buying some more today just because of this cuck
/r/stimuluscheck 

There's a megathread there full of people who have
Could GameStop moon already
Fucking Tesla man. I was so sure there was a dip in coming
Profit is profit. I sold at 180%, paper handed as well. Just get some 200c 2/19 on a down day and hold till a few days before earnings.
Lettuce pray.
10 likes from his wife's boyfriends.
Go on FCEL, squeeze them shorts dry
BABA LEAPS and shareholders will be fine. BABA FDs, I don’t know what to tell you.
GME just break the 20 okay? Be a bud.
[removed]
[removed]
Should I average down on these 1/15/21 AAPL $140c, or just hold what I have? Is AAPL recovering in the new year?
Never knew what the current flair scheme was but seems to make sense 

Does this mean I get new flair if I post a long text Finance Bro shitpost now
G. H. I. V. Really testing here
Same with data driven Operations.
yes
I think Pltrs finally gonna do some work right here
[deleted]
Bought 25 more shares 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
In more shambles
How do we feel about FTIV?
Tesla just doing its own thang...
Fuck, missed that TSLA dip a couple days ago🤕
NIO 50 EOD.
I jumped on 24.5c same expiration
I just bought more this morning before reading this thread. I feel a lot better now - bring on the shorts!
its missing shitpost flair, which is really important
Weaker dollar means, CRWD goes up, up, up!🚀🚀🚀
Tesla mooning
RIOT 🚀🚀🚀🚀
AAPL 180 1/9/20
With Cathy/ark surely coming now it will
Happy new year bro! I hope to turn the same amount this year . Wish you the best
Baba premarket buyers in shambles
To those retards who had paper hands towards FCEL, feel my diamond hands bitches.
2k shares at $22. Reporting in
Give me a play that’ll lose half its value in 5 seconds
I still think that the chart looks good, it’s got a bull pendant forming, I think that 6.50 is a good buy in point for common stock. They’re earnings report was “lack luster” but they have shed of a huge chunk of their previous debt a long with rotating their business to cyber security and services. also there is a lawsuit against FB that needs to be settled by Jan 15 of 2021. Could be worth millions payout to them. See if it gets any news. 

There was an original post beginning of the month saying that if this company wasn’t BB and was called something else. People would be jumping all over it, a cyber security system that also works with 19 out of 25 EV companies in the world. Along with QNX working with Tesla space x program? How does this not get boosted to the moon....it’s literally taking people to space!! So call me a fool but maybe not this month but it’ll sky in 2021 it just needs to get wings and the proper media attention. Not that they were a phone company but a EV and security company.
Macy’s puts on sale
Can anyone tell me other SPAC that just got listed today please? It was Romeo and which other one?
I’m guessing he fucked whoever he wanted to. Which was probably nobody. Rich people don’t have time for shit like that.
I hope so I’ve had 1/8 91cs that have been getting gaped for the last month
Calls for March, ride march madness into the superbowl
Wow wtf is wrong with BABA
Everyone post rocket ships for NVDA. I can feel it coming in the air tonight.
Should of bought Tesla instead of baba today...
We'll see. I doubt it.
[deleted]
Got it this morning.
But I haven't bought calls yet. Dip doesn't happen until after
I guess the shorts couldn’t hold it any longer. Very undervalued Imo.
Fuck yeah, MT! Lets go
GUH TIME
TDA
Time to change passwords
Scared money cashin out. This is to be expected. BABA FDs are dangerous. BABA LEAPs are free money
Well then shit
why short spy when you can short SP Plus
of course he doesnt regret it daddy is still rich lmao
Who woulda thought Tesla would be my safe play today
C a n o o (h c a c) was banned but this tontine shit can be posted? Gtfo
Apple dip just kept dipping fuck me calls
back into amzn 3330c
Butt
wow looks like i actually sold the 10am top for once in my life
[deleted]
My SQ call I got yesterday is printing
have people actually already received the $600???
Do their boyfriend’s balls in their ass count?
Geez BABA is really shitting the bed
TSLA LAZR rumors
Betting against WSB is like going into a gunfight armed with a spoon.

Edit: Thanks!
MMMMMORGAN
Yes!!!! I gambled $1400 on Raptors when they were up 11 yesterday
You’re not wrong, after the dip the past few days. I am jacked to the tits with every call in the book
[deleted]
Lol why this
Bruh. sell it off man : ( It's painful.. $6k to $800 ;/
You can drive her on that short bus you are riding in.
Scalp small amounts and just use a bunch of small trades to accumulate wealth like 

Put 500$ for trade sell for 50$ gain rinse and repeat
Oops, I accidentally bought more shares...
All this memery happening and viac is my big winner.
Jeff “the cuck” bezos
Gay fcking pltr bear get fcked in the ass
Sold a TSLA cc 675 should have gone further out
At this current moment I am negative from BABA. I don’t know what to think anymore I’m going to take a break for awhile I guess this shit ISNT fun anymore. Are you guys consistently making plays I mean????????
BABA BAG HOLDERS IN SHAMBLES
Let’s fucking go $NIOgang pump that shit for NIO Day so my options can🍆
Spwr and grwg never disappoint me
Only got 420.69
https://www.reddit.com/r/Unemployment/comments/kmtm5k/california_i_just_got_my_stimulus/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf

Stimmys out?!??
GME shares
I'm buying 100 more shares
I wanna break even to change it into Corsair or gme
What the fuck are you talking about, the charts look completely different.
Positions? DOW is up
About damn time it got out of the red for the day
[deleted]
Imagine betting on communist China and Jack Ma 🤡🤡🤡
Got in yesterday, hopefully more room to run!
My taxes my taxes gotta sell cause we are up so much gotta lock in gains 🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕
Not for 2 years.  Parks, hotels, cruises still to reopen and the next years star wars MCU series tidal wave will push it above 230.
ok im glad im not the only one feeling frustrated at the market atm

buying calls last week and seeing this red or flat shet just depresses me
bought a bunch of puts eh?
VLDR and LAZR breaking out
Baba is done guys I’m sorry the ccp is gonna fuck ma get puts while you can
AMD letssgoooo
One autist giving gold to every comment without reading like he buys options without a research.
I wish Congress would stimulate my prostate not my pocket book.
[deleted]
Pltr to Earth’s core
Paper handed mine and sold right at open for 100% should have held would be at 280% now.
Careful what he wish for.
Looks good man
BABA remind me of my ex wife
Maybe you just suck
They just wanted our meme stocks in the cheap!
MARA is doing the same thing they’re doing. They just added a ton of miners just like RIOT. I own both but still they should be performing closely.
baba fighting for its life rn
I’d rather be retarded than pathetic
As they say, the apple don't fall far from the tree!
Rise bull brothers
It’s okay $BABA. You carried the team yesterday. Other stocks need to do their part today
Yeah, i didn't want to do that... because at this point it's just speculation... we have to wait for more developments until we can make projections... that is just a bonus to this stable revenue streams
SQ🚀🚀
This hits different. But I see 🚀 so we good
Those SMG $200's were a good call.
It's up $1 chill the fuck out
Idk...he was worth like 22M
Aapl will not have two red days in a row
Cut amzn loose or diamond hands?
Baba is fucking me rn lol
Steel gang eatin
when you lose it's hard. what do you expect people to say?
Yet my calls only up 20% 😡
[deleted]
Good bot.
Yeah I am beginning to lose faith in my Jan 18c.  Might punt it all into leaps and forget about it for a few months.
i meant when does it end? im down 80% bra

citron got me
Elon is king
Dude sports gambling is THE WORST. I HATE IT SO MUCH. ALL THAT MONEY :(
BILI casually up 12%
Gotcha, misunderstood your message. Yeah I tried my best to warn everyone to not buy BABA FDs. Oh well
Disney puts at the top?
Ok papa
Let’s go FCEL, DKNG, DIS, LAZR!!!!!
I will, but yeah im maxed out on margin with GME shares lmao but I turned it off and there customer service is shit so who knows
Which one are we talking about? I can't keep track of them all. N P A?
Repost
I have a really strong feeling BABA ends the day green.  But BABA always fucks me.
$HYLN calls

warrant expiration is tomorrow.

Positive news flow up to the launch of Hyper ERX.  Get your positions now before 2021.
I got in at 26.50.... and shopify... Both down 5%. I would prefer that they be up 500% instead.
Fuckkkkkkk somebody in Morocco tried to use my bank account
Yesterday's RKT chart was ridic lol
I wear his wife’s muff as my beard
Come on DIS let’s get to $185 today
TA:

GME will dip and moon.
[removed]
Lol
[deleted]
Finally sold my RKT. Seriously fuck that stock.

Go BEAM and NET 🚀🚀🚀
 reeeeeee!  
(with my 9 shares from Wendy's)
LOW or HD maybe
Why baba down?
Demo day?
FCX can't stop won't stop
I bought (insert ticker here) now shill to everyone in the discussion
Would be nice, even tho I sold a bunch when it looked like it was just going to drop again.
[removed]
Anyone get their stimulus deposits yet ???
In the morning
Im doing this with the picture of Alex Karp in a track suit emulating musk I can smell through my phone.

My wife will have a boyfriend by next year.
For real 😞
Man I wish this wasn’t a virus it would probably be funny as hell
400@28.06 here
All my homies love Kate Rooney
jeff bezos puts his pants on one leg at a time just like the rest of us

it just takes him longer due to his extraordinarily large cock
PLTR’s volume is absolutely insane every day.
This is fucking stupid.

1. Shares bought on margin don't appear out of nowhere. They are bought from someone who wasn't going to hold anyway. So they certainly would have loaned the shares out.

2. Every new short position is one that will have to be covered.

3. No one gives a shit about your 500-5000 shares. It literally doesn't matter. That's a rounding error for the big firms.

Buy shares, hold them to your target time/price and then reassess. And stop fucking talking about shorters and how to affect them.
any time we gain is a big win cause it helps people who have paperhands get confidence. we need these people to hold strong and buy more, so many don't have stomach for swings down so up days give confidence to them
I wasn’t going to buy more but now I will
[deleted]
I love perusing this thread and thinking wow you guys are retarded. Then I go to stocktwits to see what people are saying about one ticker.....holy shit those people are fucking diluted and pathetic.
Pile back into DKNG and help my losses pls thx
I have a traditional IRA with Vanguard, zero commission for stock and $1 for options.  Have to request option levels to be able to trade options with the IRA.  Granted the interface for Vanguard is fucking terrible, but at the same time it discourages you from just sitting there YOLO'ing all day with your retirement account.

My normal taxed brokerage is with TastyWorks, I love their interface and they also do IRAs.  So you could go that route too, but there's no way I'd move my IRA into TastyWorks because I'd just sit there all day trading with my IRA-sized account.
No, don't sell until you retire
I see a green day. I get horny
GOEV FROM THE ASHES SAVING MY PORTFOLIO FROM MY PAPERHANDED NIO LOSSES
MemberSee is about to remember seeing me dip my nuts in his wife’s bhole like I’m steeping some tea
Bald head
I mean it just seems so easy to just buy and sell after a few seconds to minutes for a small gain so how is it hard?
He doesn’t know about these 💎🙌
Ikea
Intel is gonna get pushed around by activist investors when they fail to deliver a 10nm desktop chip for the 6th year in a row. Don’t be surprised if they start using outside fabs by 2022, since their in house people can’t get their heads out of their asses.
[deleted]
The new AOT season is so fucking boring holy shit
[deleted]
Buy them all between now and earnings
FCX
Um, excuse me, I have 16 shares actually. I got promoted to shift manager.
Why is quail egg bad
Suppose to start last night.
?????
If you aren't buying SQ calls you simply hate money
Riiiiight about....... now
I think it’s dead homie. It received 5 downgrades.
[deleted]
$FCX going on a moon mission. Copper!
Santa Claus rally is real 

🎅
diamond hands!
Yeah, I like the colors
DKNG $100.
Poots on that guys pull out game
imagine thinking at the end of last march that spy would be 370+ before end of year lmao
It’d be nice if DBX didn’t dip for the 7th day in a row
Demo day will probably tank the stock. I would sell before. Honest advice. What can they possibly demonstrate to wow people? They are a machine learning consulting company, nothing more.
Why you gotta be that way AAPL?
When is the time to get in on vxx calls... asking for a friend.
🚀 🌕🧨💥🔻🤢
Bought calls at open.
Given this guys level of retardation I’d bet on the latter
Not new to trading or WSB. which is why I know lots of posters here have weekly calls that are OTM

Props to you if you took the smarter route though and are coming out ontop, no hate towards people making money lol
When is the morning dip usually?
Theoretically, if I bought a BABA weekly call, should I just buy a $315p and sign off for the day? Hypothetically, wouldn’t delta work in my favor? Or am I just gonna get cucked by theta twice?
[deleted]
CRWD is the next apple, but much better. Jump aboard!
RIP nio is what im thinking
I need answers to this also
If you turn that off and aren’t actively using margin your shares shouldn’t be lent in that case. Check with them.
Appreesh, but that could have gone to GME shares 🚀
Just tell me if I should sell Disney when I bought at 90
Imagine what your expenses are for a month when you have 34 kids. I wouldn't be surprised if he's already making \~70k a month in other government subsidies for his kids.
HYLN warrants deadline today 5pm. +5% so far today.
[deleted]
[deleted]
I perfectly timed the rotation back into meme stocks.

How? By losing 10% by not rotating out of meme stocks
I love waking up after a night of heavy drinking and deleting a ton of mean comments I made on random subs. Browsing r/all sorted by rising yields some weird shit.
Thanks for always letting me down when it matters most Thin Cock 🍎
[deleted]
when I win it works. what do you expect people to say?
Face
No thanks we’ve seen 46.50 3 times already it can’t make up it’s mind. I’ll move onto something a little more predictable. If options prices were better I’d stay but the pricing is fukt rn. No way a 42 call should lose value at a higher rate than a 46 call.
now @ 650 shares of pltr, added €5k bringing my average to ~$27
[deleted]
It will
MT checking in
Looks like my gf can keep her xmas gifts. Thanks kong, ill open the garage door now.
What is the best options play right now?
Hope this is a new leaf for RKT. With a new year coming soon hopefully with a new ath.
Well he is gay so I wouldn’t doubt it
Fuck him. Mostly just posting because I see the award spam.
Woah, the CNBC analysts are way hotter than Bloomberg. Sick of their shit.
Apes together still strong tho?
Favorite platform for warrants instead?
Next week at the earliest.
THEY CALL ME 007 WHEN I'M TRADING STONKS
0 DD
0 STOP LOSSES
7 STRAIGHT RED DAYS
**BABA AT LOWS NOT SEEN SINCE YESTERDAY AT CLOSING**

**SOMEONE ON WSB DEFINITELY YOLOD CALLS AT OPEN AND LOST IT ALL**
Baba gon' make me lose my mind Up in here, up in here 

Baba gon' make me go all out Up in here, up in here 

BABA gon' make me act a fool Up in here, up in here
[deleted]
BABA is just not worth it
Did this dude come onto this post and give an award to every single comment?
You bought the pea trap!! 😎😎😎
Bill Gates is trying to KILL YOU with his vaccine!

2 seconds later

Buy MALE VITALITY QUAIL EGG CONCENTRATE NOW
I'm gonna shit myself if that happens. I've been waiting for a dip too long man.
Boooo erns
It does in the context of assfuckery being afoot with the tax debacle and certain billionaires wanting to make a statement before the year is over
Beg you pls pass 50 dkng you are such a bitch
[rammstein - stripped](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=10JDA8SvwX8&list=FLn7PFX3e7gE9GQQiSmSBGOQ&index=126)
are you Jim Cramer??
Why would we have gotten it already?
bbby mooning lesgo boys
It’s still only a matter of time before those fees rack up and once their 2020 numbers are propped up Melvin gonna GTFO so GME to the moon $50 in Jan 🚀🚀🚀
I feel like SPY is about to drop off the face of the earth at 1030
[deleted]
same I am ALL IN on AAPL PUTS
Where's my CLF gang. Steel stonks 🚀🚀🚀
The absolute state of Chinese EVs: https://i.4pcdn.org/o/1556338894279.webm
I'm not buying today. I've already shares 400 @ 26,40 and 100 @ 31. I'm low on cash, saving for next (I hope not) dip.
now time to short
1/8
It’s time for value coming back. Just hold or sell half
Lmao TSLA fake ass resistance at $673, cucks of Wall Street are fucking pathetic
Id be ok with that. At least its not sideways
Forget BABA. PDD is the way to go!!!
That is correct. Shares sold at the direct listing were freed up from insider owners not newly created shares
Steel tendies hello
X at resistance - standby for breakout
baba fucking stop
Finally Green Day’s for my acct.
Buy this FB dip?
I use TDA which has ThinkOrSwim and its great.

The lady uses Fidelity

Both are commission free for stonkes but for options theres something like a .65c fee per contract, which is fine.
You could give me a million dollars and I would still not take it if I meant I had to have 34 kids
Omg I actually bought baba low and sold high, I am rain man.
FCX freeport-mcmoran up 8 percent.....copper?
Thank you for the tip kid sir
If SPY hits 383 today I'll get a BULL tattoo on my body 

top comment decides where
[deleted]
[deleted]
Back to the shadow!  🧙🏻‍♂️🔮🐻🗡
Some of you guys seriously don’t know how to trade MARA lol if you’re selling right now you’re mental
No lmao shit will take a week or two
[deleted]
This is the prophecy
CHWY may finally be going back up
imagine buying BABA at open
If u have a CS degree investing in PLTR is self explanatory and just feels like the right thing path forward, but other people need a lot of help understanding it
Nope
Arguably if you’re anything other than a bull you’re not welcome here lol
Yes
[Does this make more sense than our current flair scheme](https://i.gyazo.com/9b2969488b4ae1453448150c39183f15.png)?
Ah yes, the classic
Hoping it gains momentum next week, in it for Jan
Yeah that too
Murica tryna squash the Asian tiger
baba retesting the march lows
Has anyone gotten their $600 stimmy
Not sure if in a post or comment but 1000% sure he posted a screenshot of 56 April calls for $MT
Post proof or ban
XL making up for 3 days of red
It would if you're a long looking for an entry and you *believe* it was a short attack.  Because the 10% becomes a magical support point traders look to enter at.  And I do this, because I know *other* traders do this and their action of going in long at that point often cuts the selling short.  Whether it was from shorting or longs selling.

That's also why I sometimes look to close a short position after a 10% intraday drop and reopen later.  The same thing happened in CVNA yesterday, which I was short at $290, and will reshort probably tomorrow.
AirBnb is killing me
I have lotteries expiring tomorrow so that would be cool
I bought SQ and LOW hoping for good Q4 and stimulus bounces
Yes.

Down.
GOEV comin to get ya!
alright im back in fubo , lock up exp is today so we should be good.
 $ AMC 2.18 historical fund 2.15 with opportunity support <<<< Swing for 1 to 3 weeks right there.
Why is all of SaaS being LVM cucks
Baba is taking away my tendies
Came in to see what everyone’s still screaming about

Yep, PLTR and GME. See ya nerds
This is what it's going to do now for the next month or two it's going to open barely green get you a little excited and then go red for the rest of the day that jump yesterday was just fools gold I bag held this stock for 2 months before rising up and getting the fuck out and putting my money in things that would actually make me money
Hey, MP, PLTR, RKT, the old gang is back together
XL POPPIN OFF LFGGGGGG
FCEL is fixing to rip up 📈
Baba is a bitch
ASML dominates & would likely be a great play. Im in almost everything else & they're all up today. (except INTC down but i dont have it either lmao)
They don’t support warrants. If you’re in a position to receive warrants, I believe you just get cash in lieu of the warrants.
Theta absolutely cucking me
so apple will be $140 by January 4th or January 5th?
Exactly this.  Little recurring rev in their model.  I still bought 300 shares tho.
What if I turn off the lending program on Webull?
[deleted]
Godspeed retard. Please post the loss porn!
Instead of reading this thread, buy 10 GME shares please.
NIO is fucking retarded
And when that happens... there will be nothing to stop our advance to Valhalla. I’m pinching myself as the MOASS becomes more likely by the day.
It’s so far out you’re good
Boomers are on vacation in the British Virgin Islands right now.
Dude has 34 kids so I think still a bad deal for him
That's not true. This one will go to the moon. Too many big names attached.
[deleted]
Shorts keep piling in, shorts keep covering, the endless cycle of squeezing.

More fuel for the 🚀!

Too the moon!
#SQ THATS WHAT THE FUCK IM TALKING ABOUT
Can’t stop, won’t stop, GameStop!
Does this 🍏 dip make any sense? What I thought was my one safe bet is murdering me.
That is definitely your retarded supposition, trading shares on something like HL is for retards like my dad who don't understand anything or even realise they are being charged a fee. Why pay £15 per trade on HL when you can pay 50p on Degiro? I don't even want to know how much HL charged you for the currency conversion as well for buying a US stock.

Do note if you use DeGiro that to buy US stonks, you need to deposit £ and then sell £ for $, doing this will cost a flat £10. So when you deposit all your money, make sure you minimise the number of currency conversions by converting all your money at once.
Autism
🚀🚀🚀

GOEV

🚀🚀🚀

Prayers up we get halted 🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻
Eoy is tomorrow
\> valuable discussion space

🤣
Yes, to all
NIO gonna RIP next week
PLTR$ bears 🐻 unsubbing from wsb
What about $PKX?
Sell Disney or what? Bought a shit ton at 90 back in march or something
My CHWY share is up $1.32 🌝
Lolibaba gets me again
Isn’t that a day from now ? 😂😂😂
>It's in the comments
I'm not even in GME, just having fun on this thread. Always some fun responses ;)
Come ON AAPL
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=LDMaU6atNwA
It’s a Green Day for almost everything, you’re a retard if you 0/10
Remember SPY 200p? Good times, good times...
I've been seeing A LOT of tsla big money call buying the last couple days. Tough to imagine it breaking out of this wedge to the upside but it actually might with earnings coming up.. what do y'all think
Dead cat bounce
Boomers wasting their 0.5% gains on FAANG on a celebratory game of golf
SPACs only go up!
cant buy warrants on RH
actual good information on this sub? the fuck is you doin
Always has been
 Wtf Disney 183, definitely going to get calls when this dips next week
Sq$ 🔥🔥🚀🚀🚀😈
Imagine thinking BABA wasn’t a dead cat bounce yesterday 🤡
BEEP BOOP FUCK YOU!
There SQ goes yw
MP with the morning fakeout
Inb4 pump outb4 dump?
[removed]
The anti-pltr gang is the worst I've seen on this subreddit in my 6 years here. Never have there been a group so happy that others are losing money. Very toxic and a clear indication that this place is going downhill.
Need to visit the local sex cauldron
Seriously WTF is going on with NIO
Excercise it and find out!

(You get an extra share for 23 dollars)
Maybe pltr will actually find some direction after demo day instead of 26 plus or minus $3
[removed]
Good luck!
Oh noes baba, what is you doing
SPY forming a taint n butthole formation on the chart, interesting......
Anyone do scalping as a trading strategy? How has that worked for you? And how much do you scalp for?
Ole Timmy is about to pull the green Dildo out of his nightstand.
[removed]
Why.
Leave with your 23k and buy a fast used car.
Buy the dip now before we’re back to 46.50 in 3 minutes
All the BABA shillers in here, please stfu. Taking up too much valuable discussion space.
He pays one hooker to protect him from another hooker who won’t leave him alone
Exactly. I have cash on the side to buy that dip. RIP shorts
Yes, end of 2021.

Which is still really bullish because realistically it will be at 26 by 2022.
🤡
I been noticing pltr and gme be moving similarly. Both OUR stocks.
PLTR 🐻s slowly logging off 
💎🙌
RIOT about to pump again 🚀🚀
[removed]
I'm pulling the galaxy-brain move of selling spreads against my winning options instead of closing the positions to defer my taxes until 2022
Dang SNAP dying lol
gratz bby
uh oh...
Failed with Covid yesterday, got selected for cystic fibrosis today.
The PLTR short gang came in here today to try to scare us 🤡
How are you holding up?
Godspeed retard
Anyone know how warrants work on RH?
The AMD earnings bull run is starting
Disney $200 eoy?
Shoulda held those baba puts I woulda made wayyy more fuckin money
As opposed to looking at IV and time decay?
I didn't. Got distracted. FML.
150 1/15 Earnings
PLTR closing above $27 today easily
whats this news about?
AMD letsgoo $95 today!!!
Everything this sub touches turns to shit now. I think the MM have figured us out.
🚀 🌕🧨💥🔻🤢
That’s wild
Bag holders leaving . Nice dip i say
I believe the 15k is only from one source, but I agree. Lets go GME
baba gapping down 8 bucks in 30 min guh
fair enough, It is indeed sitting where you said it would.   
Why are you thinking its going to tank?  I'm just curious, I am still learning
I think the market could dip bc of higher taxes, then bounce back bc of Stimulus.
Sounds like it’s time for puts
[deleted]
[deleted]
Perhaps the gentleman would be more comfortable at one of our lower limit tables?

r/smallstreetbets -->

(Read the posting guidelines before you go.)
I’m all about sustainability. But having grown up in the inner city and born int consumption it’s not really as easy as that. Especially without the capital or resources to get the ball rolling.
Just need NIO to moon please
Do you hear the sounds of BABA crushing the dreams of buy the open traders? Back to gapping higher and then bleeding out during most of the AM.
BABY LESHGOOO WE DID NOT FALL STRAIGHT OUT THE GATE
If I don’t make it on a YouTube video I’m  gonna be pissed
[deleted]
Oh RKT is such a joke. I called it mooning up right after I sell for break even
Yeah I’m 🤥 throwing my life savings in AAPL puts 🤥 I hope no market makers cuck me 😉😉😉
[deleted]
Imagine selling my DIS 1DTE 180c 20 minutes ago. 

📄🙌
MMs shaking the MSFT/AAPL trees now
Damn bionano is going ham
Fucking fat cat fucks can’t decide what to do about taxes; just hold you overinflated fuckbags of greed. Hold until next year then sell. Your billions will be fine.
$30 eoy
It was all a SPAC weak hands sell off
I'm a plumber in real life. I see a dip in CRWD, I buy.🚀
Just did
Share
Our grandkids are gonna complain about how we had it so easy with stocks, just like we complain about boomers making tons of money through real estate
Thought about getting out of FB even at open but didn't, F
What caused this?  Was just thinking how tired I was of it
mickey mouse tendies
Day is not over yet, anon.
Why would you sell if it's easily racing back to 28?
That last part made me chuckle. Profits? We’re talking about profits?
WHO?
Feels like this needs more GME
"down goes BABA"
As an Apple shareholder since 2014 with a split adjusted CPS of $27.10, I say go all in.
Buy tech dip and tesla
Yikes. Baba.
Well played, sir
I’m in on 10 different tickets and they’re all fucking losing. What a joke.
Just to save some dumb 🐻 from falling on a 🔪. 

A ton of people are flying from DEN-Vail, CO which gets delayed all the time or cancelled due to bad weather. Paying dumb amounts of money to save themselves from driving two hours.


Do not buy puts on MTN, they are doing great.
[deleted]
[deleted]
You think the market would dip on stimulus?
AMD 1/15/2021 100c
DIS up **3.25%** lmao
wait for it to hit 22
🏳️‍🌈🐻 have one red day and think they are back on top lmao
[deleted]
Couple weeks ago I cancelled an order to buy 10 1/8 calls at 1.00 a piece. They’re worth 6.60 this morning. I feel your pain
[removed]
Can anyone explain why PD LI (small cap) which is being delisted very soon is still rising and has a lot of insider buying?
Really gotta have a tldr summary at the end
Alright AZN, going to need you to fucking moon in the next 2 weeks. Please and thanks.
**If $2k bill passes that guy from Virginia with 34 kids will get a $70,000 check lmao**
So glad I sold BABA at open lmfao
[removed]
Steel gang, don't forget about copper.

$FCX calls.
Crazy as shit, but fucks you so good you keep going back for more.
He USED to be a financial advisor.  See keyword.
How does that work
Yes, but unsure why it's going up so much.
Holy shit, is everyone buying dis shares right now with their stimmy checks???
Rephrase, you mean watching people wear LULU.
🤦🏻🤦🏻🤦🏻
GNOGGANGKTA
I really want to fomo into buying dips, but this seems like a bull trap for a lot of meme stocks
We haven’t had a vaccine pump since the summer.
Lol BABA being BABA
What’s so great about a 3% increase?
Die DASH
oof
Feeling ELONgated by the MUSK of papa’s company. Unless this is an early morning double top, TSLA $685 EOW
So we're just panic selling APPL and moving what's left into 🐭?
It’s up 4% today let’s see if it keeps up!
Go canoo you can do it. Paddl upstream!
Do you have a source that cathie wood is interested? I keep hearing this but haven’t seen anything.
Okok I'm holding 20 and sold 10 for 50% profit. Had to secure at least something but I'll hold these. Don't let me down!
[deleted]
Motley Fool
Boomer stonks and meme stonks both flying. It is a day to rejoice 💪
GME for short term PLTR long.
Went half in on the SQ dip in case I had to double down today. I seemed to have made a mistake not going in full.
Only owning shares 👍
PDD!!! P diddy!!
I have $27 01/2023 call how am I fucked lol
ASML. They make the machines that TSMC and every other foundry uses.
What a wonderful time.
Ahh, you'll be alright. It will pop at some point...that's what I told myself last ER. Any day now....
That was me today lol. Although prices are lower than what I sold at rn so bought high sold mid
[removed]
Cuz you bought
Unpopular I know but i am short NIO. Its just insanely overvalued.
[deleted]
PLTR will spend the rest of today sloooooowly and painfully crawling back down to 24.50 after it's "stunning breakout!" to over 25

Shhhh lol
What's a good brokerage to move a rollover ira into for trading? BB&T wants $15 per trade.
BIO10^-9 🚀 🚀 🚀
Careful with $BABA, it still has more to go down
We don't even know what the merger is yet, how can you value the SPAC?  


Can you retards update me on what this autist is yelling about.
[removed]
DKNG if this is a fake pump I swear I will do absolutely nothing but weep until tomorrow and pray to not get pounded in the butt again.
....
The huge decline came after the biotech reported data from an early-stage clinical study of COVID-19 vaccine candidate ARCT-021.
I’m not gonna lie talking shit about PLTR makes it go up. Please join with me. I own 1/29 $30 calls. Check post history
BIDU looks strong from the 202 break, anyone in on this?
Unless it’s lulu, in which case it isn’t moving.
My bags from GOEV still heavy as hell, but this sure fucking helps!
GO EV GO! 🚀🚀🚀
[deleted]
Your wife's boyfriend should be proud. At least we are!
[deleted]
I just want to get rich like Mike Jones 💰💰🤑🤑
Trying to figure out why i’m 15k into PLTR and only 4K into GME, and why both aren’t making me any money
Sq!!
We all know it’s going to bounce of $17, but damn did VALE go vertical this morning.
[deleted]
the blonde on cnbc rn looks like a ball buster
I was told baba was on an uptrend
PLTR 1/6 CEO Karp interview, 1/26 Demo day. They will *likely* be dropping covid vaccine related contracts around these dates. Get in🚀🚀🚀
Buy GME now so you can one day tell your wife’s grandchildren you got in before it hit $20
EXACTLY and thats not even including park reopenings in the summer to be priced in, HULU, ESPN+, etc new subscribers going into 2021, christmas sales from merch to be priced in. DIS still undervalued. Should be atleast $200 minimum.
$MT 24c 6/18/21
LOL GOEV
[deleted]
Yeah but I was looking for an intraday flip
I know that's why I'm still in, these morons thinking scifi-level AI is right around the corner have already been making us rich for 10 years.
AAPL 😔🔫
tl;dr: BUY GME 
🚀
🚀
🚀
🚀
🚀
🚀
timing the market beats time in the market
UAV Personal Radar is in the air ~ requesting a PLTR pump for the Pump of pumps!
Well yall its time to get back in on CHWY
Holy shit BBBY
[deleted]
 Disney is the true meme stock holy shit
never mess with the mouse!
This
Buy high, sell low
Its okay BABA, take a rest day after that 🚀 yesterday. We can moon tomorrow again once all the paperhand pansies are out :)
It is a good investment, day to day is crazy. but long term is 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀. so buy long term calls and shares bitches
[deleted]
Reflecting off it more like it
Crowdstrike is making us all rich.🚀🚀🚀
We get it homo you’re short
If you are selling PLTR here you have no balls
With your mom
$FCX and $CLF rocketing.

MM frontrunning infrastructure spending?
Buy shares not just calls! Calls can expire worthless.  They can’t tank the share price if we hold the line with shares
I wear his wife’s legs as ear muffs
Yeah it was but I already don’t like NIO and the volume graphs look sketchy as fuck imo. Cant tell where it’s going
$ICLN holy shit
FCX is on a tear right now
ARCT was such a pump and dump, glad I got out  at the semi-top (9.63%).
PLUG walk, we’re back to consistent growth and headed up
AAPL's been going crazy so hopefully just a lil' rest before going higher, but knowing AAPL will prob just stagnate a bit for a while.
Can someone tell Tim Apple to stop being 🌈 🌈 and fly again
Buy shares not awards!
So less houses on the market?
is baba died?
What exp?
Holy shit GOEV and HYLN finally
AMD, do not cuck 🤦‍♂️

pleas fly
[deleted]
[removed]
This guys gonna get fucked and I can’t wait to take his money.
BUYERS ARE BACK LFG
Baba let’s go up don’t let us down
wrong
$2.50...WHAT A STEAL
I did it
FB yikes
GOEV to the Moon!!! How I can put rockets!! lol
I too attempted to download Limewire Pro (Cracked) off Limewire. Multiple times. No cigar.
PM me if ya need to chat my friend
This is just too awesome. I'm crying
Honestly I'm surprised a wheel didn't fall off yesterday 

So I'm hoping since the tax shit is over, boomers start piling in

💎👐 220c 12/31
Good luck dude
It looks good here
Decepticons mobilise.
That green candle on GOEV is not playing around
Holy shit! GOEV going parabolic! +8%!
WWE needs some more volume
Buy MARA or RIOT and you'll see those days again.
RKT doing things 👀
LAZR is being shown on the moon
If these bbby weeklies pay off, I’m gonna have three kids and name each one bed bath and beyond
GME looking gorgeous to hit 21 by end of day. Ppl saying only 15K shares left to short and fee went up to 33% now
MOMMM, the MEATLOAF
I'm on my knees here. Please dip ffs
XOM
Didn't say that pre-November. Saying it now because EOY volatility due to maximize tax benefits. Especially everyone in clean energy in the US might get screwed if Dems don't take control of the Senate.
PLTR
Should I buy SPY puts mid morning? The greeks are insane
As long as you can provide a homeless shelter and food stamps
TSMC is a lotto ticket guys, they should be trading somewhere in the 300s imo

you can keep working the drive thru window at your shitty fast food job or you can play earnings on 1/15 and tell your boss to eat a dick
I bought a very modest amount of crispr at $68. 🙌🏼
Where’s your conviction coming from on this? Amazon deal? Any other dd?
Vaccine pump like usual.
In on B N G O the new nano tech company cathie wood just basically bought

In at $2.09. Let’s see $3 today when this thing goes lives. Once news breaks on wood in on it this is going 🍌🚀

This is one of those Easter egg plays. Amazing management, company either pumps into a diagnostics machine and soars or gets bought out. Either way $2 is hilariously low and now it’s on the radar buckle up
Lol everyone in PLTR about to get rekt
ok baba bought the dip you may moon now please
Look again
Nah
I'm seeing far more green than I'm comfortable with boys. 
Probably shouldn't have trained myself to get highs from losses i guess
Im just gonna do a Chad. 
Sign out of my trading app, then check in a few days. Probably green af  📈💵
So if the Dems take over, wont the market dip and then bounce back bc of the massive Stimulus they will pass?
Bisney about to overtake Netflix.
TIT
FCX busting but she keep on sucking
Same screenshot from a deleted post yesterday but it was about how TRIT was the better squeeze than GME (if i remember correctly) 

Ban this kid.
Quick, sell a CC for $200!
WSB says buy PLTR and I bought at 26.97. Turns out great.
by experts you mean retards?


because whats the difference at this point
🐝 gang we never left the game baby
Are you winning son?
Steel crew our time is starting
RMO going to mars once the CEO goes on CNBC today
1/26. Karp interview 1/6
Been loaded on warrants for weeks. Should have sold half when they were up 200% but they'll get back there soon. Marger deadline isn't until April
It’s now become GME v PLTR. Let the retards fight
Not today.   Oversold bounce first.
This idiot is fucked. 30 more shares. to the fucking moon🚀🚀🚀
Yourself? Lol
CRM 12/31 222.5c - we printing today for sure
Then only another $50k to get back to break even!
Saw a few comment about buying BABA at open, hopefully you did not.
Should have taken $200 profit on 1/8 GME. Now at $70....
That is going to go poorly.
Do they see us as a threat to their existence?? do they have a fucking existential crisis whenever we make money???
is that... a green dildo... on GOEV?
BBBY I LOVE YOU
When
Panic sold my 50x 110c TSM for 2.9

Now at 3.55

Fuck
Holy fuck, what's wrong with MSFT and AAPL?
woof, u aint lyin
I need a big SE rip right now or im finished
737 max just crashed again
Common MT break $24
I feel like CRWD is bouts have a big day
BABA going green to red. Ruh roh
Any news on BIDU?
Bear trap
will dump again, as always :(
I know it's been trading sideways lately but this stonk is destined for big things during 2021. Big funds are accumulating it and it's only a matter of time before it takes off again to $50+
getting cucked by AI
GME volume is absolute dogshit
Probably there is less short interest today, as yesterday  
[https://nakedshortreport.com/company/PLTR](https://nakedshortreport.com/company/PLTR)
That is true, I’m just securing the gains for now. Better pull out while it’s still safe to do so.
Christ can you all just shut the fuck up about pltr
cathie woods is doing it... is she retarded?

maybe she does it to sell covereed calls lol
Hold bitch
Alexa play money maker by Ludacris
bring your helmet
You fking know it
These posts are starting to sound like /r/gonewild from 2008 is leaking. I’ll post my face if this gets to 2k votes. Up vote if you want to see more. 

#Bless all forms of intelligence
NIO day
When is the demo day?
Sometimes I find the absolute stupidest ways to lose money.

Thankfully this time it was relative pennies, but like, yeah sometimes I do such dumb stuff
Just buy 200c 2/19 it’s free money
Did it
After falling 2% the day before lol
$SLV TO $35 1/15/21 

🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
What reasoning do you have to think elections make stocks go down?
2020 will end in a WSB civil war fueled by PLTR
Idk but I bought this dip with some 135s expiring tomorrow
I need this to be a real pump! LFG🚀🚀
literally every stocks in the US just went up over the past 30 mins
I hope you did
Say bets
Fuck you
MT is attracting some volume buys this morning.
Juice had my morning kale and celery juice.
[removed]
IF we gain today its not a big win with the short sale restriction on today.
I’m in for 500 shares and 7 calls at the 30 strike price, expiring Jan/Feb...down over 3k but this shit can’t go tits up
Who the fuck is spending on awards
Nah buy VIX the day before Biden takes the reins. Whatever he announces will spook the market for a day or two.
You got this!
It’s a great stock, keep playing it. We’ll be in lambos in no time
[deleted]
paper hands wtf
Motherfuker
The fuck? I'm tryna retire right fucking now, not wait 100 years for my kids to retire. I should've known.
It seems to want to just keep slowly pushing higher.
Short PLTR with me boys
I am already at an all time low tho, this just stabbing the knife even deeper
Thought I fomoed into RIOT Monday so I bailed yesterday and now I feel like running towards the nearest living thing and punching it.
Do you know what sub you are on
Sold my baba calls on open 80% profit I’ll take it I love communism
[deleted]
Awesome! Thanks for the tip. Just went big titties on Disney.
Wtf Tim apple
That’s why you should just buy the individual stocks she likes. 100x returns without the bloat
Anyone else load up on 🐝?
I am $200 away from breaking $50k in my account
[deleted]
Buy a Ram. Seriously. The 2019 redesign and after makes them feel VERY nice to drive.
Dawn apple cucked me.
Sorry, retard here...  What software you using to show those candles?  Can you see them on Robinhood?
TSM, please drag your retarded children AMD and NVDA with you to the moon

Thx.
Why did you pick that number and why do you seem to be correct ?
I can't buy like this
Checks account..I’m currently still down $3500 42%
Red by eod
Some of you only look at the underlying price and it shows

"BABA puts were the play" mf every 12/31 put in the chain is down, meanwhile my Feb calls are up and looking at the option chain, so are most calls
If PLTR moves like yesterday and slowly melts down to 24.50 again I will..... buy more
Anyone who bought dip yesterday is v happy
Hold.
[deleted]
Big mistake. Huge
[removed]
His  dad is a brother fucker?
Fucking aye I’ve been watching LuLu for 2 weeks and I keep thinking I’ve found an entry point before a jump but it’s being so slow.
Bro where is the Tesla dip ffs!
Do it
Bingo.
Keep going chewy you can do it!
Too fucking long like a week
Short selling disabled today bet those are going to get swallowed tomorrow for the last battle of 2020
Does TLS have a top?
verpiss dich gummihals
sell now. this thing won't stay here long. tanking soon.
Don't feel bad about missed out losses. There are an infinite number of those ever. single. day. Its hard but its a mentality you'll have to cultivate if you remain successful, which it sounds like you are.  


Be so careful bro! There is a LOT of confirmation bias around here! We don't see all the plebs in the bread line after pumping their meme stocks.

&#x200B;

keep it up!
Oh yes, timed palantir puts perfectly yesterday. Happens once in a lifetime for me.
Anyone know why MMs are keeping DASH afloat? Thinking about jumping heavy into $80 puts for May
Sell. Take your earnings
Just sold and made 1k. Not a bad gain in just one day
Currently in 900 shares into PLTR, not worried about the dip, holding long term and selling biweekly covered calls.

If there is a dip post lockup, I’ll probably double my holding. Then use the CC profits to diversify into any new memes.
Anyone else thinking Penn calls?? It’s dipped a little and earnings are 2/4
Sell.
52 shows coming to D+ in 2021
There is something wrong with my broker, pltr is up.
PLTR puts are going up in value lol.
 https://twitter.com/FirstSquawk/status/1344297340346109957?s=20 

> U.S PENDING HOME SALES (MOM) (NOV) ACTUAL: -2.6% VS -1.1% PREVIOUS; EST 0.2%
[deleted]
Woah, bro, you're up $315 on TPGY/WS?!

GTFO with this garbage pump.
Usually yeah, up 40% on any pltr calls these past few weeks is pretty good
Rip pltr shorts
It almost always ramps up PM, and drops a bit at 9:40. On good days, it goes back up almost right away.
if only.
Buying leaps:  CRM FB MSFT SQ FCEL NET FSLY
[deleted]
Everything green except MVIS
[deleted]
[deleted]
Wat. u high?
You are super fucked.
Gay
Why does BABA suck so much?
[deleted]
What the fuck, this works? GOLD PLEASE! Or is it pls?

...

&#x200B;

Gold pls
Short deez nuts
Usually first week of month.  Could be early as fri
[removed]
ATVI is a $100 stock by March. Loading up on some short term calls 01/15 100C and 6/18 100C.
Content creators are the play -  not brick and mortar retail.
I think I might have to put my whole trading account into UPS calls gonna average down dramatically
[deleted]
Gonna be a shit show if either party controls it all.
Don’t do it.
Damn bro hell yeah

Only 2k on TSM for me :(
People who didn't believe in PLTR disgust me
Tim Cuck, fuck you
He could be buying a hair transplant
Run down. Too much resistance at 47. Lidar is a fools errand -Daddy Musk
Bought in, small position but I’ll give it a shot
True but it Keeps climbing right now
[removed]
#$372.80 is lava
But if the market 100x like she says the returns will still be insane
Is there a legit reason why Protolabs is lagging the rest of the 3D printer plays recently. Thinking bout buying in lowkey
ONLY 15k SHARES AVAILABLE FOR SHORTING ON GME... TODAY WE ADVANCE!!! 🚀🚀🚀
same here, but I see:  🚀🚀🚀  and I know I can't go wrong!
*Dim Jack Ma*

*Done Xi wrong*

*Swim with fishes*

*All night wong*
If you're in for Hexagon also consider NEL ASA, another Norwegian hydrogene company.
Lol
Not sure what to think of AAPL, but new ATH and now people are scared because of what happened last time?

Do ya’ll really think AAPL will stop increasing revenues year over year anytime soon?
egGNOG
[removed]
Everyone says it is. Good enough for me 🚀🚀🚀🚀
You’ll sell now then cry about how you missed out on 300% later today. Guarantee it.
Its 10am and PLTR is up 3.1%
These mothafuckas love going on social media and showing their hands


He is either dumb as fuck
Or a genius by baiting while doing the opposite
[removed]
I’m holding 3/19/21 20c bro. Yet it’s down 34%. Any day now
sure and ill reload when it looks good again. cant complain about 40% in a few days.
Was so funny seeing all the 🌈🧸s between close and this AM on these threads saying this was going to be a bloody day. That’s when you know who bought puts at the bottom
AAPL puts now too I guess

Hopped out of baba trade
🌈 🐻 🖕
Drop PLTR and use that money to buy RIOT.  Same rationale as MARA.  Give it two weeks and thank me later.
Only plain old retardation
This market kinda feeling toppy like it’s about to fucking implode
Sector rotation from my pocket into someone elses pocket
What do you mean??
Forming the classic coastline of Massachusetts pattern, more moon incoming then sharp correction.
Everything is mooning and then there is NET (:
At which price did you bought BABA?
What the hell is with these daredevils taking out massive loans to invest?!?!?! How fucking stupid can you be???? Like I can be a real spastic at times, but I'd like to think there's enough brain cells between all of us to know that that is a retarded idea.
Wow B N G O (cathie wood new toy) is pumping
100x leveraged short on PLTR here, dead cat bounce
Is RIOT going to shoot the moon forever?
[deleted]
Blink is either up 8% or down 8% with no in between
RIOT 🚀🚀
PLTR Karp interview +demo day coming up. Buy your shares now🚀🚀

Prediction is that contracts will be dropped surrounding these events
STEEL GANG STRONG
STEEL GANG!
Market cap is about 20x larger should say $40bn. Might have smth to do with float as 95% is Dan Gilbert owned... Webull says it’s correctly 40bn
NIO getting ready to run.
CLIMBING MY WAY OUT OF THE SWAMP, BOYS ^(DIS PLTR STLD BBBY CALL SPREADS BABBY COME ON)
V IS MOONING
I am also a firm believer a lot of people will be putting their stimulus checks into TSLA after hearing about all the people who did so last time and made their stimulus money work even harder for them.
Yeah I’m pretty sure this is correct. You can feed them bread in there if I’m not mistaken
200c 2/19 checking in
I have shares
Good morning
I’m holding why not
Do you have a link for the video?

seem
/sēm/

verb

give the impression or sensation of being something or having a particular quality.

used to make a statement or description of one's thoughts, feelings, or actions less assertive or forceful.
Breaking news - I bought 27 more shares
steel gang we flying ayee
Admittedly I just started watching him again so I can't comment too much on his recent videos. But a lot of his older stuff is great for newbies if you want to learn specific technical indicators or when to enter/exit a position.
good job sir
shorting dis here
Yep, that Nobel prize has some delayed effect. Almost half a year for that news to make rounds. lol
Ok, who got suckered into FUBO yesterday?
PLTR looking weak. Get out now
it was an honor trading with you this year gentlemen.
festhalten jungs pltr geht aaaaab 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
It’s a spicy choice
[removed]
I have 8 12.5 put Jan 15 2021
This guy fucks
thank god it went down 15% on no news now is the buying opportunity
Yo PLTR bulls, does this thing usually sell off after an opening like this or should I hold these 25$ FDs longer?  Currently up 40%
If you said that before November, you missed the election rally. Gotta pull the trigger before the risk is resolved to profit from it.
Sell PLTR now or hold?
GME LETS PUSH THROUGH $21 AGAIN AND SCARE THOSE SHORTS!
Futures on SEX
Its the fucking 🧻✋
The G stands for bear.
🚀 🌕🧨💥🔻🤢
$MT 24c 1/8/21
[deleted]
Any recommended AAPL calls for JAN?
I guess I’m just used to more volatility after the past several months. 0.4% days up and 0.2% days down are so boring, fuck.
CHAD JONES vs Virgin Nasdaq
No problem, you’re feeding my puts as well
MARA & PLTR 🚀🚀🚀🙈🙈🙈
Its to study trumps claims of election fraud for Trump  both parties think its a waste of time since it brings back the idea that there was massive fraud, something both parties want to move away from
[removed]
VLDR?
The dow is booming, tech is dying, spy is flat as tits
STEEEEEL HANNNDDDSSSS
DASH boutta make me guh
Got rid baba at open an bought pltr
  Who installed thrusters on the 🐭?
BABA please. I believe in the red flag. 🇨🇳🇨🇳
Buying the baba dip is now the play
Of course when I go into BABA it tanks :)
NIO is a wild one
I bought on the 24th so...

It's going great
$22
Mess with the bulls, your wife gets the horn...
PLTR is an old meme
Everyone took profits or write offs the last 2 days. 🤷‍♂️
Puts on DASH ?
DIS on a tear but still not valued properly. Disney+ continues to be undervalued compared to Netflix despite growing subs at an extreme rate and expansion occuring.
So for Georgia elections, should we buy Vix calls?
You traded the whole year and you're up 25%?
Put me in a time machine to March so I can put everything I own into Disney
 🚀🚀🚀  🚀🚀🚀
Strike?
thanks for the rocket fuel 🚀 🚀
this
GME to the moon. BTFD!
Uhhhhh ohhhhhhhhhh
Lots of baba buyers coming in
[deleted]
As soon as it becomes a “pattern” it will stop being a pattern
GME 🚀🚀🚀
Arkk has lost so much recently do I actually want to check my etrade account?
Yeah but she already owns >10% of her favorite stocks, so she can’t buy more
EMPH and GME chart looks the exact same. Wtf is going on? GME getting into solar?
Bro, why the fuck are you still playing that trash? its been bouncing around 20-21 for what seems like a decade now. Get out of that garbage.
That’s your wifes boyfriend’s stepdaughter now
Can you sell some NVDA please.
You fucking retards all chased BABA didn't you? God damn it this is why we can't have anything nice
Haha this dumbass is gonna lose everything if he starts shorting now
Inversing WSB is a meme but it’s true
BA pleas fly again
Damn wish the students near me had that gold just sitting there
Why was it down so much yesterday?
Hopefully that GED will be worth something.

&#x200B;

Cars are a better investment than college. Look at me, sitting here, counting dozens of dollars.
Lol you guys suck 

This morning: BABA CALLS AAPL CALLS PLTR PUTS 🤡
Is it because short interest is lower than two days ago?  
[https://nakedshortreport.com/company/PLTR](https://nakedshortreport.com/company/PLTR)
it won't stay above 25.5 and will dip after struggling there.
100%
XPev die
I think there is potential but depends on Moscow Mitch
9th Feb 2021
I would look at it from the perspective of LEGO videogames with Disney IP.  Legoland may have separate park IP and direct toy competition, but the concepts work well and still drives both IPs.  The goal is to get moviegoers into an AMC theater, preferably watching a Disney movie, but if you happen to watch the competitive side, still benefit from ticket, concessions, product and even data.  If you were a Disney analyst and could understand the consumption behaviors of people who watch more non-Disney movies versus Disney movies, what habits do you have.  This would be a tremendous insight (among others I am sure) that you know can tap into.  Are DC universe people less likely to go to a Disney park or is it simply a superhero fan in general and DC/Marvel is arbitrary.
hell yea brother
Bring back the 15% runners
Imagine trying to buy BABA today to make a profit
Passengers
i need to refresh Robinhood, it's showing MT going up....
Shorting PLTR from 25.4
I spoke to a tech from Comcast yesterday because my lawn service had severed my cable line (seriously, why was it so close to the surface Comcast?).

Anyway, while he was trying to find me an appointment to get the cable fixed we started talking. Somehow investing came up and this kid casually mentions how he's been banned from RH.

Long story short, he got margin called for approx $40k back in March on MRNA. Obviously this kid who works for Comcast didn't have $40k to meet the margin call, so RH promptly liquidated his account and perma banned him.

He didn't even know why it happened. He didn't know what a margin call was. This kid is investing the kind of money that could ruin him, and he doesn't even know the rules by which he is playing.
[deleted]
You could stop consuming and start being self-sufficient.
This one of those low no volume days
This NP A dip is a godsend from the heavens. Buy dat shit.
[deleted]
concrete shoes
baba puts we’re the play
It’s ridiculous
V, baby pls
I'm a bull on GME but I wouldn't be surprised if it dipped another 10% before heading back to 20.
CRSR is the way
Send me your contact info when you get a chance. I’ll need a personal assistant after I cash these calls in you worm.
Priced in already?   When is that delivery announcement coming?
Let's goooo Disney! 200 by tomorrow
RIOT 🚀🚀🚀🚀
If the pump starts at market open, they usually die off around now. Be ready to hit that sell
Your daughter either going to Harvard or community college
that's not how it works, does it?
There’s only 7 billion in it that still pretty small
To be fair, it has dumped at opening every single day
[removed]
MMs got their discount, take off time 🚀🚀🚀
I may have sold my RIOT Fd's this morning and missed out a bit on extra crispy tendies, but I did put that into Disney before it went vertical and yeah, so far my trades have been quite ILL lately .
That is one spicy candle for PTON and PLTR
Imagine when there is a shareholder conference and we unite to have some one of us retard as the rappresentative.

\-Someone: So, what's your specialty, what can you do to help our company grows?

\-WSB: BUY MORE CALLS, TO THE MOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOONNNNN 🚀  🚀  🚀  🚀  🚀
What a wonderful day!
LETS GO PLTR LETS FUCKING GOOOO

🚀🚀🚀🚀
Bitte sprechen sie Deutsch! Ich kann diese Schweizerische scheisse nicht verstehen!
FLY PLTR FLY
[deleted]
300 PLTR put contracts
fuck the 🌈🐻.  PLTR 🚀🚀🚀

im not a 🤖, just inversing all the WSB hate on PLTR right now
So is Tanker gang still a thing?
PLTR green, NO FUCKING WAY
Ok BABA you can stop dumping now
PENN starting to look good
[removed]
WTF BILI
You going cash gang? Cause market feels kinda fucked huh
Go square go
Don’t act like you know what’s going on
There is an epic battle on my portfolio between being up and down

Feels like I'm on a roller coaster
WHATS MY AGE AGAIN
Your safe mang
How in the absolute pissfuck is DoorDash mooning?
premature ejaculation
it won't stay above 25.5
Damn you got me with your big smart brain. The smart money is shorting GME hard. You sound smart, so you too should short sell
puting more letteers after your name dos'nt make you smrt
The fact PLTR is up 3% and my position is up a measly 12% is enough of a reason for me to sell and never touch this garbage fire again
Fucking $25-28 range forever :(
Told you
LOL "rotation" to "take profits"...
Read his manifesto then read "Technopoly" and "Amusing Ourselves to Death" by Neil Postman.
Been paying attention to my uni classes so understood since june that this is going to be huge, so held and sold for no profit waiting for the right time, which I considered to be 4-5 days ago
Anyone in ARCT?
You buying shares or calls here
I’m bullish in this market, just bought more calls today
Tesla lift off any minute
That’s illegal
tbh I want it to go down so I can get my puts assigned and be with u guys FML IT'S GOING UP RN.
Lol not for me then.
Double down and only be down 40%
Because this shit is way oversold and manipulated so MM’s can get in a better prices
That’s what I’m talking about!! CLF🚀🚀🚀
Why does wsb always get the timing wrong. So many “PLTR puts” and “I’ve just sold all my PLTR stocks” comments in the past half an hour. Just before it MOONS
Your cathie can’t save you as fast as the chinamen can sell
Theta gang wins this week, sitting on cash
There’s no way this bombs and she has to become a stripper
[removed]
free speech AND $2000. FUCK YOU BITCH MCCONNELL
Im so fucked. I bought moderna and baba warrants in Germany. These are knock out warrants and Germany is closed since 2 pm (8am New York). They literally dumped from 4% to red...
Took yesterday’s profit on BABA and sold
I'm here for the award
Buying more PLTR puts here
Micro vision is the future! Not this BS laser make me sad! 😭 laxer make me sick! 🤢 microvision makes me happy. 🥰 MVIS is officially the better stock 🚀
Okay PLTR, only 15% more left to go!
I need $50 PLTR just give it to me
The mouse just keeps breaking through barriers. It’s like he’s got the force or something.
Not telling you
Nah just opening selloff. Wait for 11am
[deleted]
#PLTR 🚀🚀🚀

Let’s go! Next stop $29! I called before the 25 level!
Whys it feel like I read this every day
nano 10 eod easy
Whores are cheap.
[deleted]
Lost 1800 on PLTR made it back on bionano so fast damn. Bet Cathy at ark likes bionano from what I understand she loves this stuff.
Pleas fly again
pleas fly again PLTR
Look

If you had

One stock

Or one opportunity

To seize every tendie you ever wanted

In one moment

Would you capture it

Or just let it slip?

Yo

His calls are expiring, knees weak, arms are heavy

There's losses on his account already, mom's spaghetti

He's retarded, but on the surface his DD looks calm and ready

To drop YOLOs, but he keeps on forgettin'

What he wrote down, the whole sub goes so loud

He opens his account, but the app won't load out

He's missing', how, everybody's pumping' now

The clocks run out, pumps up, over, blaow

Snap back to reality, ope there goes gravity

Ope, there goes GME, he dumped

He's so mad, but he won't give up that easy? No

He won't have it, he knows his whole back's to these ropes

It don't matter, he's dope, he knows that, but he's broke

He's so stagnant, he knows, when he goes back to this mobile
 home, that's when it's

Back to the wife's boyfriend again, yo, this loan process

Better go capture this loss porn and hope it don't pass him
Lmao this fuck just started trading like 3 days ago and is seeing aapl go down for the first time ever
got u OP
Damn man... where’s money for your wife’s boyfriend?
Strike and date
Cause I sold my 12/31c yesterday at close
[removed]
Best play until run off: cash gang.
Copper gang copper gang copper gang
PLTR ARKG ARKK TSLA💎🙌
Will Nike do something
PLTR holy shit
I mean please keep going PLTR but I know you too well
$SQ and $WMT are my stonk plays for 2021. God speed everyone at the closing days of the year.
[removed]
Nah OP, gotta disagree. This is like saying that computer/internet thing 30+ years ago was a fad. Just like how virtually every company now a days is a tech company, all we're going to care about in the future is living longer and better (i.e., ARKG companies).

First of all, this is a managed fund. They'll diversify if/when its necessary.

Second, your data points are SERIOUSLY lacking. You're not accounting for ex-div, tax harvesting, holiday season, etc.

Some of your ideas aren't totally retarded but you're really stretching here.

DD: OP can't spell fund manager's name right, also, Cathie is a GILF cutie.
XL
or good leap
sir, I believe you forgot "ies" at the end of "tend", along with PLTR and, of course, 🚀🚀🚀
Rotation from AMD to GME for y’all AMD retards wondering why AMD is 🌈
They can't short GME today, so to the moon and beyond!  🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
 Wtf Disney mooning as fuck
I don’t even know anything about stocks but I bet he’s fucked. 💎🙌 to the 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Melvin pleas keep shorting till my paycheck Thursday
Simple ? How long do transfers from your bank to robinhood take
Idk where he’s gonna find shares to short, GME 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
[deleted]
RGB flashing before my eyes!
Fucking hell not another red day
Just keep buying calls, double down. This is MMs trying to get cheap prices for tomorrow's low volume half day pump!
Palantears:’)
Revenge of the meme stonks I see
Y’all really still in PLTR after it disappoints everything LOL. True boys know it’s time to call RIOT 2/19/2021 $20
Rein in die olga
Rewind to last Tuesday please and I promise I'll sell everything, even AAPL.
Go tesla
Aapl 134.7 holding
Hong Kong has funny money
PNC. heard it here first
[deleted]
apple is a boomer stock now.
[deleted]
[deleted]
arkg is going to buy that banana stock
[removed]
WTF NIO with the P&D
You’re clearly new to trading if you’re commenting about a stock dipping within 30 minutes of open lol
Palamoontir taking off
Fuck, I never sell at open because some of you retards have convinced me it’s bad in the long run.  Well my BABA says otherwise!
I own some :)
Really NIO
CMW: BABA is gay af
Print by eod
[deleted]
NNMD is popping looking like a good swing
PLTR having a nice little day here
Where are all the BB tards at? INsiDeR tRAdINg!!!!
I feel old because I recognize Milken’s picture.
Facebook said Not Stonks.
What’s the news on PLTR? Why is it green today?
Why is it closed??
[deleted]
ARCT on a fat sale just got in lmao
cpoax, it doesn't even let you sell it for 3 months without incurring a fee
[removed]
We have free speech on the internet?
What do you think down is
Today is theta’s Christmas
BABA showing alot of weakness... Scared this was a good old fashioned bull trap
You don’t have to get it, here’s some rockets 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
fngu?
Same
**DIS HAS WENT VERTICAL** 

&#x200B;

**PRICE TARGET IS $200 BOYS** 

*"Daddy why are we standing in the bread line?"* 

*"..You wouldn't understand" - DIS Bear Dad*
FUCK THIS BOIIII
Hop on the FCX train. 🚂🚂🚂 Choo choooo
F. I saw the writing on the walls thankfully. Still took an L just not as bad as it could have been
DIS
Theta day it seems
Holy fuck this DBX chart looks terrible
This is so gay. I want my fucking money! 😢
repeal section 230
I don’t buy puts, I’m more theta gang
SIR PUMP AND DUMP A LOT
It did have a random 2% pop yesterday out of the blue.
this post?

[https://finance.yahoo.com/news/stock-market-chart-of-the-year-2020-morning-brief-105422800.html?.tsrc=fin-srch](https://finance.yahoo.com/news/stock-market-chart-of-the-year-2020-morning-brief-105422800.html?.tsrc=fin-srch)
ge
FUTURES BLOOD RED!!!!!!!!

Checks futures.

-. 01%

Sigh...
🌈🐻
AAPL literally moves the entire market and rn looks like its gonna shit the bed.
Burn.
If rivian ever ipos I will literally go all in + margin on shares and delete think or swim
ARKG is a victim of its own success. Cathie has so much money she’s parking it in big pharma
CYBR has no profits, but already a market cap of 6.17bn. Imagine if they actually make some profits. Easy 100 bagger.🚀🚀🚀
see you paper hands on the moon when we take off pltr 🚀 🚀
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/poopiensnshs the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
baba seems right around fair value tbh
Yea I was still drunk and just “YoLOd” 5k margin on arkg yesterday. Got in at 94.....shitting bricks rn as I usually stay below 1k for my FDs
[deleted]
I don’t want to tip off the algos but T!m Cock is really letting me down today
Waiting patiently can’t believe it hasn’t started running today yet
Genuinely have no idea what SPY is doing today. Going cash til this shit declares itself
5x your portfolio
Major financial risk that could leave you in ruin. No shit it's a turnoff for a potential future partner.
That doesn't seem to be the case since the amount available to borrow dropped 50k this morning.  Or maybe that's what the rule is but these guys figure whatever fine they might get is cheaper than letting this thing squeeze.
Perhaps my reverse psychology on PLTR worked it’s going up. I talked shit all morning and I own hella 1/29 calls lol
When is the next ER?
I believe DK drilled down a long ass mineshaft
Oh no 🤦🏻‍♀️
IM NOT FUCKING SELLING 
🚀
🚀
🚀
🚀
🚀
🚀
🚀
🚀
🚀
🚀
🚀
🚀
Is BABA gonna go red?
How do u lose free speech?
You sound like a stupid gay bear
Cool. Thank you. 

What do i do with a warrant once I have it? Do i need to go arrest someone?
Lol her loss, you can do better without her my G. Take a few weeks, work on yourself. See if there’s any areas where you can improve. Shed a few pounds if needed put that 👑 back on and get back out there.
Can't recognize a loss if you don't sell
If PLTR dips to 24.10 blowing up my account because my European broker is closed until Monday i will seriously $ROPE.
Come on baba bounce
Bleed from my anus. But I’m still holding.
ASML?
Not op, but yes. There’s 2 ways in my opinion to look at it. Corsair does sell headsets that are compatible with consoles (more consoles = more gaming headset sales) but I think the big boost is gonna come from the rumor of this being the last console release. If it’s not a rumor it’s even better.

If it is and people switch to PCs then that’s a very good thing for Corsair
I’m up almost 70k just playing TSM calls continuously this year
Brother is that you.
Bullish. Demand.
F U RKT, F U
Too late.
DKNG pleas print again
FTIV get in while you can before the merger
MP Buy The Dip Retards
Buy the GME dips and ignore it to 2021
PLTR💎🙌 paper hands see the door
who abused you when you were a child
Awe damn u so early
Bought another 20 shares cuz of this dude
Baba opens at 243 after a banger night in hongkong and now this, fu
Pretty much, but even more valuable
Up votes but no one has a fucking clue.. Lol.
Yeah I want to change because of that, but I want something reliable and I thought if HL have fees they might be more reliable than others? That could just be my retarded supposition though
Yes.
Shout out to whoever mentioned BN GO a week ago. Loaded up at 0.50.
[deleted]
Someone explain to me the Macy’s and Kohl’s retard strength? I feel like no one is talking about the 100% move in a few weeks now

What the fuck is this with Macy’s
Agreed 100%...... Every time I say this and get a negative response I follow with a simple question. Please name 1 branch of the us government that is functional and doing it's job and can be audited to prove it..... This request is always followed by silence because there isn't one... Not one! The government is 100% broken. If it were a car it would be towed to the junk yard to be crushed into a cube because it wouldn't start, tires are flat, battery dead, doors locked and keys missing.
There is something wrong with my broker app, PLTR is up.
[removed]
Why tf is apple being a bitch
gold plz
No one fking sell

Hold the line boizzz
Always has been
/r/coolguides
[deleted]
Thanks!
[deleted]
Wow thats one ugly ass mf
🤡 the things we tell ourselves
WSB yesterday: “Fuck I wish I bought the BABA dip, I missed out.”

WSB today: “Glad I didn’t buy yesterday!”

BTFD you retards

The issue with CHYNA and Jack is resolved, it had a MASSIVE run up and now profits are being taken. You’re retarded if you don’t buy.
when do they announce who they're investing into?
TSLA 700 EOD
Free speech or $2000.....hmmmmm
Just bought 20 more shares! Fuck you! Small money gang!
TSM mooning

AMD kicking me in the nuts. Why you gotta be like that AMD....
It’ll boost next week
Stock was trading at $160 a week ago. It'll print.
TSLA 💎🖐
I should of just slept in today =(
[deleted]
1/8 $240 of course! Y’all have 8 days to fix this shit before I call the CCP
Are you trading for the first time?
[deleted]
What shitty boomer stock should I buy because I guess those are the only winners
Me-tard! You-tard! Retard Nation!
3300 shares at 0.8 mate
Lol glad I’m not the only one 😂
To the SUN
[deleted]
PLTR please trade sideways until I can fund my children’s 2021 Roth IRAs on Monday at this low price.
Who’s the whale sending everyone a reward? Wtf?
JLaw is such a babe. I can only dream
How sore is your anus?
Is it just me or does it seem that the market is a rig job to pilfer tendies from the poor?

We poor people need to devise a plan to pilfer the rich instead...
Yes
Bears are fucked
Tech is dying
Just watch
If it goes over 25.15 buying 10 more contracts
Maybe 2050 :))
ofc CRM never fails to disappoint !
Which way tho? 👀
die in a fire!!!   
<3
I'm here for the rug pull.
I guess he wants to get short squeezed, WE'VE FOUND OURSELVES ANOTHER MELVIN
I meant loose but welp
Bbby calls, sell before earnings and play the run up cause everyone on the sub is pumping it
Ozon pushing 45, once it breaks this (which has been heavy resistance), 50 is up nezt
When is return of the spacs scheduled to air
🌈🐻
How my BB boys doing 🤣😂
all the gold awards should have been gme shares smh
SQ calls
Imagine not buying TSM calls every time it consolidates

This is the GOAT stock
Hope you're right. Just went big on 12/31 25$ calls at opening dip
semiconductors make me fully 💎*erect* 💎 😏
My ROTH has literally lost half its value cuz of my
Leaps. 🤡🤡
Tim Apple is the biggest tease
Yes
CLF CLF CLF 🚀🚀🚀
Luckily no ego or stupidity in this sub
Buy mara when it dips to 11s later today
Position?
Nice way to burn money
Me thinking today’s any different when the meme stocks rally the first 10 minutes then dump to earths core 🤡
Nio please don’t turn red
PLTR, hold the fucking line!
Added another 20 shares after seeing this post.


$GME  🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Orange man trying to pay us $2k to give up our free speech on the internet
blackberry is a piece of shit. I've got baited because of the insider trading DD. -80% on my calls 🤡🤡🤡🤡
Positions? $?
[deleted]
lmaoooo
Look, more red candles
Welp time to logout for the day on RH. See you guys tomorrow.
:p I'm in this as well I just wanted to make a movie reference
Ok got 1 CRSR call thanks
Sorry it's because I actually bought some
Buy more bb
Bio nano to Pluto baby
people are going to open new positions in 2021
Bought BABA weeklies at open AMA
Thank you, Dr. Burry
I feel like that drives up the iv and thus the price inherently, no?
[removed]
Right now, you're right.  I would just keep this on your radar around Feb/Mar to see where things are netting out for some rock bottom opportunities.
F
What is actually happening in NET? +1, -1.50, -0.30, -1.60, +0.50, -0.50 all in the span of 20 mins. Doesn’t seem normal to jump around like this.
If we were patient, do you think we'd be here? 😂
I bought pltr shares
Spy just gonna melt up huh... my 370p don’t mean shit huh
thc🐝 GANG
That's a rhetorical question
Tough shit that you're getting your right arm amputated bro, hang in there
Fucking dying here $NET please give me something
baba drilling
Here to drink delicious retard tears when GME drops to less than $15 soon, it's going to be glorious 😂

I mean, a brick and mortar game business in an age of increasing digitalization, commercial real estate collapsing, and Amazon dominance...

What exactly is the path to profitability here? 🤔
Saw it’s shadow. Six more more weeks of trading sideways.
Same
[deleted]
[deleted]
Sell the open, buy the close. Works 80% of the time
Imagine going long on NIO on the days before deliveries are released after the president of the company said they have a production bottleneck at 5k due to chips shortages....they need 6.8k to hit high end of guide.
iBorrowDesk says there's only 15k shares to short left as of rn, does this mean they won't even have the ability to push the price down tomorrow or are there other ways?
It's always been Monopoly money. Only encouraged by the fact that the world still wants to play the game. With Brexit done, the pound will sink some more next year and at least then you'll get that little azn pump you're looking for.
Smart. Going cash gang until run off.
I need some plays, bois.

&#x200B;

As you could have guessed, my USO calls *cucked me.*
Hop on to PLTR train. We're going down
lol shut off my phone.
BABA better not be a bull trap ffs
I’ve heard roulette is fun, same odds as the market too
Let’s go $V!
Thanks, I will consider if it drops a bit more today
QS dip
You have to pay?
PLTR bear sweeps for $22
Blnk is spicy rn
Wake up ZM
POWER JUICE IS WEAKENING!!
Doubt it but I hope so
Yup getting fucked
You mean 22.
Somebody hurt AAPL this morning?
Hnggg
Why
Not happening anytime this week I'm assuming?
So for how much longer is ARKK’s option pricing going  to remain all fucked up? Not a good look.
Prayers go out to anyone who bought FUBO at the top last week
Anyone in RMO? Too late for this bad boy?
PLTR about to blast off.  Valhalla, here we come. 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Exactly what I was looking for, thank you. Looks like you were the only one who understood my question lol
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/Vince_Masuka73 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Calm down guys its been 20 minutes
I'm like 90% sure this is the Olympic Game Farm in Washington state.
Steel stonks 🤩
Literally as soon as you guys start shilling a ticker it tanks
AMC bankruptcy near. So I’m buying calls like a retard 😎
I've heard this so many times before. LOL
So RME is the new QS?
Well you fuckers hyped me so much this morning I bought $20c for the 31st on accident instead of further out. Please don’t let me down!!!
I am selling my others shares to buy more GME if it dips. Jokes on you old boomer
Get ready to get analed boys
how much money to get the at&t girl to sit on my face?
Bought at the bottom and sold NIO 12/31 47c at top for easy flippings into 1/15 51c. 

Bring on the day.
BABA heading to sub 230.
mr.pumper

hello
Closing my ICLN 1/15 calls on the 31st, I’m not gonna deal with the Senate election volatility next week.
RIOT going to 18 today?
[removed]
YESSIR!!!
only up 1%,, no news I can see
Patience man we'll get there
[deleted]
CRSR
About to go bankrupt from overleveraged spreads because Fedex has been red for an entire month
Wait until the retards learn to buy PLTR at the end of each day and sell it the next morning
Here to drink delicious retard tears when GME drops to less than $15 soon, it's going to be glorious 😂

I mean, a brick and mortar game business in an age of increasing digitalization, commercial real estate collapsing, and Amazon dominance...

What exactly is the path to profitability here? 🤔
PLTR about to dump lol
r/PLTR
Its this one bear that lends stocks to manipulate the market. He will make a big mistake.
Same. 89 bucks a share here. Wild
bionano gonna make a PACB run if Cathie if so much as buys a single  share

up +67%
Once upon a time. After I hit my 6 I became a glorified POG with a protein addiction, it was glorious.
12/31, buy calls for March or April
People be like "puts on PLTR" after it drops 15% and then wonder why they lose money
I'm so fucking confused about rkt.

My app says it has a market cap of 2.38bn and a revenue of 5.25bn.

How the fukk does this pos just do nothing in this market??!!?
I have $1000. What should I play?
this aged will, I should've yoloed

&#x200B;

op why did u tell me not to yolo
I'm a bot. Recent empty self posts, noob questions, and spam which people were temp-banned for. Bans are 1-2 days to discourage posts that ought to be comments.

User|Post Title
:--|:--
/u/Nongster|[Melvin capital prayer thread](https://redd.it/kn2ld3)
/u/reginawhite|[Mitch McConnell is a 🌈 🐻](https://redd.it/kn2n1n)
/u/whiteblue10|[Wtf is going on with GME?](https://redd.it/kn2qd7)
/u/ifsksndfhsowo|[How can I use options that in my favor? I have PLTR. 1.100 shares at $30. I didn’t want to exit PLTR if I have some hope until March.](https://redd.it/kn2xnm)
/u/DrBix|[PSTH mentioned on CNBC today at 9:20AM.](https://redd.it/kn343u)
/u/Inside_Quantity|[Need advise on RKT](https://redd.it/kn38yc)
/u/okisee|[So many posts about short squeezes. How can you tell a short squeeze is coming, and how can you tell when it’s over?](https://redd.it/kn3avy)
/u/Skyr0_|[If the GME short squeeze hits, how long will the squeeze last? Several weeks like Shkreli's squeeze or how long are we talking about?](https://redd.it/kn3cbg)
/u/purplecow1337|[When does the NKLA class action lawsuit hit?](https://redd.it/kn3dto)
/u/MidnightMercenary85|[AMC will 🚀.... or go bankrupt.](https://redd.it/kn3kl4)
This is the correction of the correction
Hoping for v APPL
Baba breaking me
100x $TSLA $500P 1/22/21 where my happy ursidae friends at?
Address is 42069 Rocket Avenue
🚀🚀
Whoever is taking the other side of my trades, you better be enjoying your coke and hookers.  You fucking assholes.
Can small cap tech stop being gay?
Pls no
GNOG gonna rip once it hits the CNBC/news circuit 🚀
My girlfriend is breaking up with me today so it feels good to see green
At the time of the comment it wasn’t
I feel attacked
Cringe
If you like money, buy Disney calls.
Dude DM me for more details that will save you wasting the time I wasted figuring it all out..
psth news?
I didn't dump enough at open yesterday, F
Loading more PLTR puts here
I’ve fallen and I can’t get up
I bet my left testicle CNBC will be discussing GME today like nobody's business.
Goddamn this place is so much better when it’s a green day
NIO with the absolute fakeout
*sees AAPL comments in this thread*

Wow, the stock must be down a lot.

*checks quote*

It's... green?
GME sell wall at $20 and also at $21 gonna be ruff
I nutted at the thought of my crush looking my way
Guys. Just get in on the Macy’s shorts squeeze. Easy.
Agreed. Sold yesterday.
Why is there a stonk called Kratos Defence?
If they pass the 2k it’s going to moon
Bad time bruh
Everyone please help DKNG go Donkey Kong 💰💰
Thanks dude!
🚀🚀🚀
I heard u liked loosing money
After they were down 10% two days in a row, yeah.
Good lord what a way to open the day.

Fuck Bitch McConnell btw
My body is ready
Bruh, are you telling me that one of the most valuable companies ever is going to keep being valuable?
Nah, it'll go back up. Paper handers will regret it by EoD
Load up on that baba dip
Oof
[deleted]
Rise, PLTR, rise!! 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Are you trading for the first time?
Hmmmm
Held RIOT through yesterday’s shitshow, let’s GO!!
SIRC.. get in before it moons
Spy has been testing 372.80 how many times will it get rejected
I guess thats how growth stocks work
um yeah, shorting iwm wasn't my greatest idea
If true, ive never felt better about my GME shares.
MT IS ALIVE 👀👀👀
I am not sure why you mean. Best buy is listed as BBY on NYSE.
I’ll repay you Tuesday for a hamburger today...
Cathy looking hot as fuck again
MARA mooning. Told you fools. It’s going to $14 in afternoon. Get in now
gotta love the gap up in the market as a whole. The entire trading day be shitty as hell, CNBC be like "stonk market sees modest gains after futures up overnight"
Just bought my first call for BABA 😂😂😂 hope you fuckers are right or else you all owe me a shot to the nuts
Nice gain man
ya I feel ashamed
At this point, I shouldn't be surprised that almost all the stonks I have calls on immediately tank at open like there's no tomorrow even as SPY goes up. Same shit for a whole week now
the stock is green for the day and up like 10% since i bought 2 days ago... its going alright
[deleted]
Spy dropping mid day for sure, but will probably finish green. Let’s get it
still here.
was obvious play if it was 3months out

not so much for FDs  🤓
Meme stock, broke most supports. There been no buyers for over a week trying to lift price
PLTR!
We lead their pump, duh
💎❤️ **GME** ❤️💎
Same. Never bet against the mouse.
[deleted]
https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/JCPNQ/
Based on the reactions in here I figured the meme stocks would be up 5-10%.

They’re up 1-2%.  Is WSB really the type of people that would nut if their crush looked their way??
Hey man, it’s green, can’t fault them lol
I bought in march, no complaints here my freund
all jokes aside, very thorough and I appreciate it.
Decided to help out with GME
Whoa wtf
Sorry I bought yesterday
I timed my average down on PLTR at exactly the right time.
Betting against a meme stick.. good luck retard
ASML is such a beast. Wish the options chain on it wasn’t so desolate.
Guy called In The Money seems good.
Gonna be another of those days where everything says it’s up 1-3% but is actually just sideways on the week.
Are you retarded lol
could just be some consolidation 🤷🏼‍♂️
Man that $20 GME resistance is real aggressive I hope it breaks through but I’m prepared to buy any dip cash ready to deposit
The memes have been lacking recently
MARA is so hot right now :)
i aint even got a wife. I just take other people's wives
Well I’m up 40% on BABA since Thursday. So it’s going pretty well.
Should’ve sold BABA at open
So... is that it for Apple? I mean holy fuck
I’m gonna hold but I think it might drop down to 18s, I mean I hope not but we will see.
Don’t doubt the Karp😤 have you 🐻s not seen his hair? It points🚀🚀
[removed]
Let's be intellectually honest.  Buffet may not give him another dime but he received the  best education. Has the best contacts for networking and at the end of the day, daddy is not going to let him fail.
PLTR came back to fuk 🚀🚀🚀
I think xom is the safe bet.  Nothing wrong with buying a basket of majors tho.
Gonna be a good day for ICLN when it doesn’t dump at market open.
Yeah I still don’t get it.
🚀
cause his dad is a fucktard, throwing away his money at another billionaire whilst keeping this great example of a species of human being of a son poor.
Pls tell me I’m not the only 🤡 who went balls deep in WBA calls for the earnings and is now regretting their life choices
I'm in a different timezone, what do you mean with tomorrow?
Noooo I was just starting to average back in🤦‍♂️
CHEWY bois where you at??
When the candle goes down on my ToS chart  
That lonesome feeling comes to my account  
And the whole world turns red  
There's a rundown bar 'cross the railroad tracks  
I got a table with tendies way in the back  
Where I sit alone and think of losing you

I spend most every night  
Beneath the light  
Of a NIO moon
[deleted]
It is up over 50% just because they found the hack. And you want us to buy now? Where did you buy OP? At what price?
Bull put spreads

I'm in at 19/20 for Feb - I'm not gonna making 10000%, but I have a pretty high likelihood of getting 50% on risked capital.
Seeing people short PLTR now, you know what to do.
We’re getting priced in boys.
[deleted]
I have 750 shares of Corsair so I’m happy to see this
[deleted]
Hmm, what about 3/19 10c 150,
Going to the moon or Uranus?
When GME breaks 20 then you know we go to the stratosphere 🚀
ARKG ARKK PLTR. 💎
Where’s my award 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Everything red for me
Godspeed brethren
Jumped in for fun, how do we call a shareholders meeting all?
Been in on DIS since it dropped to 96 in March. Feels good man.
Another 400 shares today lfg
fubo is kil
Hong Kong follows the US market, not the other way around
[deleted]
BABA or JMIA in my opinion
✅✅✅✅
Dont jinx it
[removed]
GUH my TSLA calls probably won’t print 😭
Feye
Yeah
I can’t give advice on positions but the RSI shows it was def oversold. Got a huge spike in buying on the volume this morning.
Straight to pluto
1750x $SLV $35c 1/15/21 

😎😎😎😎😎
Kick it out and hang from $ROPE
Need BLNK to get to 182
[deleted]
Screw it I hopped on gme
Been said every day for the past month man
And intel has over 70B in revenue yet it’s market cap is only about double AMD’s 🤷‍♂️
RIP BABA AM call buyers.
I just bought 5 Feb 19th 20/25 Call spreads

Risking $600 to make $2000+

Edit: also have some $30 calls for 04/16
Pizza Time!
You've got a couple weeks before theta starts hurting. Don't know if it'll bounce by then but might be worth holding. Partnership announcement sometime in Q1 could make it print if you feel like 💎👐 but it's a risk.
KTOS 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
This is the daily thread not a discussion panel. We're here to scream about our stocks.
Fucking legend
if you all could start buying June calls on SMG so that we get some volume on this bitch, that would be great.
Thank God it's going up today. 🙏
Mind sharing why? Don't see why you would, pretty new to this tho
with Apple getting into the EV space, how long before they start building rocketships to go to the moon?
Fuck it got some more GME too
Yes, a guy short on tesla is definitely someone I would take investing advice from.
Disney?
tits up, ass down
The other DD is gay. In the end he said to save the shares for your kids.
[deleted]
Damn NIO really still a shitstock huh?
[removed]
PLTR is about to dump lol
[deleted]
More like G. Kennedy FUD

Short that bitch, I won't say no to more free money
It’s fucking hilarious when someone posts shit saying how so and so ticker and flying and you should buy now, and right when you take a look at the ticker, it stops, and tanks lmao
Sit on u!
PLTR heard ya’ll were talking shit
That’s what I need
JMIA is Boomin right now. Bought at top so 🤷‍♂️
First time I bought PLTR. 100 25c FDs for 50 cents each. Just sold for 65!
fuck that guy- sincerely by a retard
no one tell him lmao
which one should I buy?
That chart does not look bullish.
[deleted]
Thanks buddy! 🌈
thats fucked up. i had it 1 time with plus500. yeaaaaaaaaaars ago, The fucking stress to see everything crash but the app doesnt let you do anything.

You have to have a realiable broker..... this is crazy
They liquidate and they keep the funds?
People must forsee an uptick in volatility. UVXY calls are getting more expensive even as stocks are pushing higher.
us up 2% since open.
[deleted]
I topped off my IRA today and have this same "diversification" but I threw in some PRNT because I like to live dangerously
bought some 🪑 today
Tesla time
Hows that "obvious play" BABA going guys?

Lots of shit talking over night about how clear of a play it was from call holders lolol
The 🐭stole Elon’s rocket
100 put contracts on PLTR  $22
well i might be fucked i scooped a 250c 1/8
BUY SHARES!
I've got 2 1/29 call debit spreads 106c/110c right now
[deleted]
Look at me: I'm your wife's boyfriend now
Let’s do it
Damn, big tech really shitting the bed this morning.
How does BABA pump so hard in Hong Kong but do this boring shit here today
All the more reason to keep buying. Let's fuck this guy over
Holding onto my Apple 150c 1/15 that I bought for $800 because the possibility of breaking even is worth more than the $50 it costs lmao
Anyone got their stimulus
tell me about it
Need an obvious play like the NIO/ BABA dip earlier this week. What we got
BCRX up .33 cents this morning and fighting for higher 👀
Stimmy into GME will stimulate GME and me
Can you fucks say something funny or gay or insightful instead of just cheering or booing with every 5 min candle
Really gay post.
**JMIA** up 6% this morning
> ZipTrader

Started watching a month or so ago but can't figure out if he's same as all the others. Plugs his Discord, Facebook and a discount for his paid courses every video. At least he does follow ups whether his predictions were correct or not.
PLTR will be back at 28 EOD, and ATH tomorrow!
Alright guys. I got today's spy numbers. Will close above 200 but below 500. Do what you will with this info
Great dd
Apple wtf bb
PLTR is..... green?...
HAHHAHAHAHAHA THANKS OLD MAN KEEP SHORTING SO WE CAN SQUEEZE YOU AND MELVIN FASTER! IN THE MEAN TIME... ILL BE BUYING
Ya so many today. It's sad
Daily reminder that big oil is on sale.  Especially when we lock in divided government next week.
RMO is heading to the moon.
Oops I guess its a banned ticker my bad
y did i sell arkg for some other shit fk fk fk fk
It went straight vertical
Shut the fuck up
Here we go boys the bottom is in
This looks like a nice play - what are your positions?
PLTR CUMMIN HARDDDD
Baba gang
Oil and metal
20 minutes in...what did you expect?
PLTR max pain $26 12/31 expiry
On days like this I feel the urge to paper hand all my positions and find greener pastures but imma inverse myself here and hope that stonks go up
Telos just keeps on trucking lmao.
Lol it’s mooning
[deleted]
i just sold a $26 pltr covered call so thank me it will go up now
Why do I have the feeling that BABA will be red as fuck today and destroy my account again hmmmm
FSLY really is the worst smh
[removed]
I love the sports angle with ESPN.   Whether it's driving admission to the theaters or simply allowing for free viewership for Disney passholders/Disney+ members and benefiting from concession/product sales, that would work. 

As for AT&T, the secondary benefits for them are both far removed as it isn't their core business and the product side would be far better for Disney.
Hahah
fuck it if i cant profit today im going back to traditional investing
[deleted]
Leveraged short on PLTR. About to fuck you all
If you don’t trust Cathie, you hate money
[deleted]
[deleted]
Just did. Going to tank around lunchtime
if you have the knowledge, you will make the capital < 3
Diamonds hands for PLTR
Should I buy amzn?
[removed]
GME 25 EOD WE CAN DO IT BOYS🚀🚀
NOW AUNT JMIA WANTS TO FLY
“In 40 years, every 50-90 year old will still be gamers....” 🤦🏻
same as me
Who got them cheaply FCX calls yesterday 🤑🤑🤑
[removed]
Buying monthlies on PLTR may have been a bad idea.. IV 92 😩😩
Thanks FB. Very cool, very legal.
Steel gang cautiously optimistic
BABA chart is literally my heart rate right now
PLTR 🐻s out in full force!!! 😳
^(PDD quietly up 25% in 3 days)
That’s a long way for calls my dude lol
Ofc MU mooning after I get out yesterday
Waiting for the BABA pull back to jump back in
PLTR... mooning? What is this?
Fuck off
played uno reverse card on PLTR
Hehe:)) nice!
You have until tax deadline to contribute for the filing year
no
Cheat code
Get in that fake ass NIO dip!
It is, if you're holding shares 😎
Hes not a founder
https://www.google.com/amp/s/mobile.reuters.com/article/amp/idUSKBN29413Y
To the guy who mentioned BNG0, you the fucking man!
It’s getting old, having to buy back in 2 or 3 times in a day because of other people
[removed]
[deleted]
Held JBLU for 2 months, did fuckall for me. Done with that shit
Imagine not buying the dip in CRWD yesterday. Easy 100 bagger next year.
[deleted]
Why did I do Apple and Spy weeklies and not Disney 😭
And up we go
Get outta Chinese EVs before deliveries release on Friday or early next week.  Then get back in after.
[deleted]
No. Your 2020 IRA contribution is based solely upon your 2020 earned income.  You can contribute up until April 15,2021.  Your 2021 IRA contribution is based solely upon your 2021 income.  You can contribute up until April 15, 2022 for the 2021 contribution.
Tried to share the tendies boys
NANO IS BIRTHING MY CHILD
can I please see a stock that you bastards haven't turned into an overtraded meme
$NOC getting ready to explode.  Just needs volume.
Why lulu, just go up.
[removed]
Shorting the shit out of PLTR
all these ARK funds lol.
I have the knowledge to get rich but I dont have the capital. Pretty fucking frustrating to watch your watch list grow or to see your measly positions grow knowing you would be rich if you could buy more.
Why are GME posts downvoted. Did WSB let it go?
Blows my mind nobody is talking about ONEM
It's up less than 1% lol
into amzn calls
Got 500 left. What should I throw it into? Need cheap premiums
Trimmed heavily at open yesterday. Less exciting this morning but also way less stressful
it’s relative
This guy is apparently still short on Tesla. Let’s just inverse everything he does.

Edit: Amazing. Thanks for my first Gold! 🙏
PLTR 😤💎🙌
Bought the dip. Ready for takeoff even if it takes a while.
I love that people here are turning bearish on PLTR means we are going to moon soon
# 💎🎮💎 GME 💎🎮💎
[deleted]
TSM new 52 week high. Shit is like a tank flying through outer space.
Hey- SMDIS
What are your positions?
It looks like its recovering from that 75 i was sweating hahaha
Yep just inverse everything I fucking do
50x short on PLTR. Ass meme stock
So...
NET using me like a pocket pussy and fucking me HARD
He got it from his father who was CEO of Lehman Brothers bank.
AMZN 💎🖐
GME GME GME GME GME GME GME!!!!!

&#x200B;

LETTSS GOOO MY BROTHERESS PUSSHHH!!! PUUUMMMPPPP ITT!!!
Saw some interesting options activity on AAPL, looks like it’s going up. That activity was me.
Wait till you see next earnings report😁
You were saying something
As someone holding roughly 10k in 2023 LEAPs (160c), I am very excited to see this. If i can eventually learn to read I will go through every word
Hold the fucking line boys buy the dip 💎🙌PLTR
Ey thats me (althought i bought at 19 so I’m still up)
[deleted]
MARA chill bro
Holy NET what the fuck is going on
Market near record highs

Portfolio near record lows
AAPL is going sub $100. Fuck this shit.
From 16 days ago? I see nothing on that post
Actually sold my DIS 1DTE calls for a 189% profit.

Thanks Mickey
[removed]
Okay NIO options pricing is some of the most retarded shit I’ve seen by far lately 

How tf does a 42 call decline at a steeper rate than a 46 call when the price was 47 and dropped to 46.5???
Literally just put 10k in Baba 12/31. Take your money out because I’m one unlucky retard this month
I’d say 50 is low... depends on the stock as well
baba chart looking horrible
Fuckin algos
I live in an area where every other car in the road is a model 3. I spank them repeatedly and view them as cockroaches. They are like civics and corollas at this point. 

They get uppity and think they are quick then get smacked tf down
#Key Levels 

 PLTR - above 25, it’ll push to 29. 

BABA - need above 241 to keep pushing higher, if it falls below 236, it could pull back 

BIDU - above 202, can push to 208 quick.

GME - watch 19.86, need above to push for 21.82
this retard is about to weep at his losses and wish he never even entered wall street if he’s actually going to short this stock
[removed]
PLTR puts is the play
SHOP is down more than NKLA today
melvin really got to saruman huh
STAIRS UP, elevator down.
Fuck this tech selloff
Am retarded
if my broker is retarded what does that make me?
Have some mf faith in ur fookin positions boys. The stocks will go UP! They’ve got nowhere else to go!
Somebody hurt AAPL this morning?
#AAPL bulls real quiet from this morning 👀
8====**GME**====**ICLN**==✊==**QQQJ**====🚀💦💦💦
The market cap of SNAP goes beyond me i mean it has a 76B market cap and this year averaged a 500M in revenue and -300M in earnings. An then there's AMD,  110B market cap and last quarter made almost 3B in revenue and almost 400M in earnings and yet SNAP just kept mooning the past months. This is so retarded.
Come on pltr break the trend
You betcha
UPS please, I can only buy so many dips
[deleted]
Ban.
DASH is also manipulated. stay away.
Paper handed sellers and short assault is on the menu. Watching level 2 data there's a huge sell wall.
Shutters are so fucking annoying just let NIO fly god damn lmao
Exactly. 

Im in small for now, but will buy more on next dip
Do you guys know what shit is...in the actual sense? think about it...is shit really shit...we've never touched it, held it or played with it. We only smell it, and know that we should not touch it, and it needs to be carefully flushed down the toilet

shit is a 4 letter work, and so is PLTR
Back to $250
Not buying shit till 10
NIO HOLD UR PUMP JESUS
Idk about $50, but there was this other post that put lazr at $37 which seems reasonable after this eoy sell off is over
[deleted]
Bought PLTR today on our way to the showcase they have on Jan 6th leggoo
I’m just sitting here with sell orders, watching buy orders fill at a higher price than my sell and then everything just crashes to earth
cleanspark, mara, riot
[removed]
when 3 of your 4 wide ass butterflies are up 100% but you're disappointed because you're already fully leveraged and can't play anymore until the 8th
Ty 🙏
TIM APPLE SELLS ALL
My 12/31 180C printing XD
Is there a better way to lose all my money than yoloing EBAY earnings?
You ok man?
Hey I hold PLTR!........puts 😈
Porque no los dos?
This dudes hairline is dippin, I’m not buyin
$MT don’t you dare.
Hmmmm just grabbed 30 12/31 25$ PLTR calls...retarded?
Buy at 300% or more for max profits
12k in BABA. 

I’m fighting for my life here
Local credit union.
you can rocket MT all you want once if it ever gets over 24
GOEV such a shit pile. Thought buying in after 28 percent of its price shed post merger was topographical map brain, but I guess I should have listened to some of the pussy bears on Twitter with their TA saying 13.50 is coming. My brain very smooth like Bernini marble.
MEGA DUMP
My move today?  Do nothing
Cmin GME
Why haven’t these dang millennials dumped their check into Tesla yet 🥸🤨🥸🤨🥸
Tslaaaaa
Long live NIO!!!!!
PLTR = meme pump n dump
we about to become his wife’s future husband
SPY is definitely ending red again today
Tim cook been CEO of apple for 9 years and only worth $1bn. What the fuck. Being non-owner is gay. in 5 years Sundar is at 1.3 bn.
PLTR to $20
Good bot.
Yes until April
Ok tinker bell
Tell are we pumping XL!!!!!!
Idgaf about today, what’s a stink that’s gonna pump tomorrow? Preferably someone from the future would answer
Get rid of PLTR while it’s being manipulated and load up on DASH puts on this algo pump
GME bear is still online. Fuck him
PLTR < UTZ
[deleted]
The ammount of green is scary
yeah assumed so but normally updates when i restart the app
Sometimes i'm right. i'm just glad i saw the press release about their buyback.
`here we are again..... all in on VXX`
🔥👀
[removed]
I’m trying but orders just not going through! So frustrating
🐻 r fukk
 Imagine still holding PLTR 🤡
BABA just BTFD, no way it below 260 EOY
2k in baba don’t let me down now
it held support at 75 so lets hope
FD for November?
Sure. 

Just diamond hand it to 300+
This market is big cringe holy fuck
I hope whoever is dumping PLTR every morning gets rekt
Apple is the kind of company that makes you want to punch your own dick.
❤️❤️ AMAT ACL'S  ⚡⚡
GME 🚀 🚀 🚀
[deleted]
[removed]
Buy high sell low is always the motto
WHY DOES PLTR LIKE KILLIN ME LIKE THAT?
I’m selling all my PLTR calls now, bye
That makes sense buzzfeed is a hub for cringe
You have until April 15 2021 to contribute . Yw
low being around 50 right?
Imagine not knowing about SOL 🚀🚀
it is robinhood who is retard
Bought back in baba dip lets go
My 5 $X 16.5C 12/31 are finally printing ...
Hell no
#BEARS FUCKED AGAIN HEHE
Ugh. I can't believe its been 15 minutes since market open and I'm not a millionaire yet. This game is fucking rigged!
As far as I’m concerned it’s just on sale 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Do u fellas think roku has topped out for a while?
Low.
Baba give me 245 today let’s go 🚀🚀
[deleted]
Niice
Interest still high for pltr calls, bullish
Officially balls deep in FCE.L
lol imagine not buying baba dip
Think or Swim
this.train.does.not.end. see you at 50!
Sometimes the daily charts glitch
No wonder Tim is only worth 1b, fuck Tim apple
I just dont see that many paper hands around in BABA anymore, these small dips are just refueling stops on the way to the moon
Ty
Dont dump dont dump dont dump
if you want it to go up, clap your hands and say 'I *do* believe in fairies!' 👏👏👏🧚
Aapl always disappoints. I need to stop playing this boomer stock
He doesn’t know the potential of all of us retards
how is that allowed incredible
Low
More NIO. Was going to pick up some BABA but I think China will keep them in check for a little longer
Where do you see big positions being acquired? Also heard parts of the podcast - reading between the lines it sounds like cove street is betting on an M&A or some other special situations event. I’m not fully convinced but if I were - the timeline seems to uncertain for an options play. Are you confident mainly based on options activity and the CEO’s incentives? Because the improvements in FCF and debt paydown and refinance are not big selling points for me. Also which assets would they spin off? And who in the world would want to buy these dying assets?
I sell every morning and buy back later in the day because it seems like the only way to make money these past few weeks
Welp PLTR puts we’re a good move, is baba gonna die next?
yes

i assume you’re talking about post-tax earnings. if it is pre-tax, you need to pay taxes first before contributing is an option
PLTR to earth’s core
🐭flying
🚀
everyone holding baba?
Feye
I actually don't know what it is but I'm putting my stimmy check all in on that shit
U heard the man. All in gme. Who cares if they r burning money and have a dog shit business model
Oh yeah I can’t ducking wait
Took a day longer than I thought but WISH is finally on the upside of the EMA and is making its way higher.
Less wild than selling calls under the same conditions
$ABNB started its post IPO run way finally this morning. I expect it to moon for at least 30 days
when you do millions of something it would be weirder if literally zero coincidences occured
Mikey what a joke.. $DIS
What really
yeah yeah yeah but i got a few 12/31 3400c that need to get over that hump
Are we pumping XL or not?
do i buy when iv is high or low?
Yes
I hate my life
Don’t do that... don’t give me hope
Want to purchase 370p 1/11/21
Jack pls
JMIA moon mission.
500.com 🚀🚀🚀🚀 over 100% past few weekes
woah JMIA shooting
[deleted]
EIA in 45 minutes. Gush gain, wya?
Watching the volume slow on the baba bounces, I think it may end up dropping more.  I sold 3/4 my calls on open and bought 10 1/29 210p‘s.  Gonna grab some 300 FD‘s for November doe too
Here I go buying another PLTR dip... soon I will be a majority shareholder if this shit keeps dumping
Just lost $50 in 2 minutes on NIO why can I not just follow my own rules about buying
because CNBC cucks are talking about them
tdoc needs to get to 205 anytime today
Why tf yall red all the time? Hop in the airlines before 2021!!!
Indeed. It was me the whole time
Thanks schizophrenic friend, I think you made me some money!
eh, fuck it, a fistful of the 1/15s. Seems like someone caught wind of something a while ago and keeps rolling their position forward.
Sold all my PLTR. Shit meme stock, don’t be bullish
Still green. We holding today
What’s poppin bigly
1.5 mil pltr shares bought rn oh yes
No
Y’all TOO insecure it’s ridiculous
Im in with some shares
It’s well below 25.
Just knew they wouldn’t let The Russell die. It’s their wittle baby 👶😒
315 9/21, sit back and enjoy
No the other experts. The ones that haven't isolated the virus yet.
RMO is making me custom build my own lambo
gonna go fill my coffee, gme better cut this shit out by the time i get back
why does robinhood say I’m up 6k on the day but my daily returns add up much lower? feeling like a retard here
Mofo forgot to include 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Support on tech seems to be holding
This is the time to buy, Not sell, PLTR. You guys have it backwards
[removed]
ABT
I guess i should maintain my positions a bit more, do you think it will bleed more?
I knew it was a good idea to buy the HUYA dip
Hell yeah! Steel🚀😆
PLUG Is a useless piece of shit
didn't really answer the question...
KEEP FLYING AI
[deleted]
Do you have a position in it?
It’s been the play bud.....easily going to 200 when parks open
Spy has been here for hours
Wishing everyone new ATH with their memefolios today
[deleted]
March 250!
I’m deleting RH after I close these positions and getting a real fucking broker. Took me from up 10% to -30% today because they said fuck you we aren’t filling your orders today
I spent all my money on BABA calls last Thursday at $212...I have more money now and want more calls. That’s why I’m happy for the dip
[removed]
I’ve been sitting here shilling SQ every day for over a month
It was up like 40% at one point last week. It’s still up > 20% from two weeks ago. 

Zoom out your chart
Baba dip bought let’s go
EWY
You're asking WSB to tell you who's buying GME? That's rhetorical, right?
Genius Sports has both titties out with a bag full of blow.
Tonight, on your moms chest
***STOP. SPREADING. PANIC. YOU. MORON.***
Chinese EV making their run up to NIO battery day
NIO MOON BABY LETS GO 🚀🚀🚀
The way baba has treated/murdered people why wouldn't they panic?
BBBY🤞🏼
No
Sounds like a U T I, which nursing home residents die of all the time
[removed]
[deleted]
How is everyone getting awards?
Dump inc.
Another day of PLTR slow bleeding
[deleted]
AAPL why you hurt me so
You guys are (sadly) the most knowledgeable about finance of anyone I know, so I have a question:

I only earned about $5,500 from work this year (student), but I've read that Roth IRA contributions can be made until the tax deadline of 2021. Can I contribute $500 more of income that I earn in January to my IRA for this year's contribution?
Imitation and flattery yada yada, but pltr please stop imitating Yesterday...
profit taking and stop loss triggers i presume
Everything is dumping on my watch list , why
POS stock
[deleted]
**GME** hooold the loooin. 

hooold hoold 

Now Chaaaaarge
[deleted]
go baba go
Beat it pussy
Oh no, PLTR bulls what's happening? I thought we were up 2%?
AAPL you’re supposed to be on the way to 140 wtf
Feeling lofty this morning, are we? Your snap calls ITM?
Fuck this I’m going to go jerk off the pain away
SQ maybe?
RIDE 🚀
Disney the play?
here comes the pltr dump fuck
[removed]
Broker not letting me buy BABA shares.. again.. taking forever. Last time this happened BABA shot up as there were clearly not enough sellers
BABA TAKE MY ENERGY
1.5 mil pltr shares sold rn oh no
Guys look at the volume. These gains mean shit. Dont get greedy. If youre up, sell before the volume goes up.
AMAT and ATUS with those big green candles.
Someone tell me what BABA calls to buy?
I thought selling PLTR  for a loss a few days ago would bite me in the ass.

But looking at it today - lol no regrets.
Bro you had the whole weekend to think about and buy on monday
I have several calls for 3/19 $250
PLTR sucks dick
OMG DISNEY
Brought down
Nio bears get out of the way pls
palantir tanking again today. sell now. LAST WARNING.
WM is a good consistent stock but never has any volume
weak ass volume
I’d like to just not sure a solid strike and date
which bank?
Another day of losing money...
PLTR is dead, go FCEL
BBBY fomo gonna start monday
Cathie just dipped a bit so more people could climb aboard
NANO FTW LETA FKING GOOO
like ten thousand PLTR when all you need is a knife
I've been making free money selling FDs from my GME shares for weeks now. Took a little loss last week from the big run up, but usually I make around 2 grand a week seeking far otm calls on my 10k shares.
I need more to open more positions 😉
TSLA 694 EOD
you've got to be a real twat to put all them titles after your name.
This move is going well
Which retards jacked GME up 3% on open?
which calls?
GHEEYYYYY
Taiwan number one
Lol, TSLA is just one rare earth consumer
[removed]
looked into this and, fuck. this whole time I thought her boyfriend's name was Norbert
😀
I know this is prob a zoo of types...

However in all honestly don't feed a bear in the wild. "A fed bear is a dead bear".

They learn that ppl = easy food and wander into residential areas and they can't unlearn that behavior.
damn that was a huge gnog dip i literally just shit myself
I bought a 1/08 22p for $0.31 as a hedge against my 88 shares at $27.50.  hoping the act of buying a put will make it sky rocket
You sure you got the right guy lol
Yep. PLTR Meme is dead. New meme stock coming soon
Haha! Jokes on him! He was so busy reading he didn't see the 🚀🚀🚀🚀!
Bears about to take control oh no
hahaha okay 😅
[deleted]
Puts
[removed]
DBX wrong way man
STEEL GANG 🌝🚀🚀🤣
Stonks go up, my calls go down.
PLTR please fly
I already bought GME too. Did you sign up for the $15 subscription?? I don't even play videogames and I did.
I mean MSOs are the way to go. TRUL all the way baby
Dr. PP liked this tweet. Damn that makes me sad 😢
This Boomers got nothing on us. Bring it pops!
Do you know what's happening to it?
It’s like the free advice that ya just didn’t take...
[deleted]
and it’s gone
BA
i’m feeling a red dildo here :/
Wtf that mouse 🚀
PLTR nosedive :(
Ok. But when will spy dump?
Big fucking tendies train leaving the station
Maybe next year
[deleted]
NET makes me want to cry for real
This shit stock is done. Should have cashed out at the top. Now you gonna get stuck with the bags lol
Intel needs to die
RIP PLTR AAPL RKT
No we are not. PLTR train ended. Expect it to go sub 20 before you buy back in
Shit, if I yolo $100k on calls and MT reaches $100+ I'd go home with 8 digits
[removed]
Positions ?
Not gay enough
Sorry I bought yesterday
DIS never fails me. Ever
Lol where were you last two days?
Tissue paper hands
You’re in gay gang
[deleted]
PLTR since it’s holding 25 support. Gotta have a small breakout. Pleas fly again
BABA going back up
No need to yell till after feb
PLTR dead
Thanks to the retard that sold me his icln calls for cheap
[deleted]
fuck. you. net.
A healthy recovery for renewables today. Looks like the past two days were profit-taking on EOY and hedging in anticipation of the Senate runoffs.
No 2000 stimmy? WE GOOD BOYS!!!!! GREEEN ALLLL DAYYYY!!!!!
Check again in an hour
LAZR 🚀🚀🚀
This markets being pretty gay right now
Imagine still holding it lol
Why does everything peak and start turning down at the same time???? I want to see SOMETHING just keep running up fuck u market fuck u
Am I the only one happy that BABA is dipping? I get to buy more calls lol. Money’s never been so easy in my life..
Weak hands have shooketh

Time to take flight boiz
Is anyone buying SQ? Seems like there aint no talk about it
Both
Once GME breaks 20 we're gonna moon. Get in while you can!
our forefathers spoke of a world driven by greed where stonks only go up
Lets make papa elon richer than jeff... he shares tendies with everyone
like wendy’s?
I feel like I’m watching a horse race and all my money is on the $GME and $SWI. The two horses falling to the middle of the pack 🥲
[https://nypost.com/2020/12/30/nursing-home-resident-dies-after-getting-covid-vaccine-report/](https://nypost.com/2020/12/30/nursing-home-resident-dies-after-getting-covid-vaccine-report/)
Why is FCEL 🏳️‍🌈
FinTech Acquisition Corp. IV is a blank check company. It focuses to effect a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization, or other business combination with one or more businesses. The company was incorporated in 2018 and is based in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
MT finally breaking that 23.5 barrier LETS GOO
What's your favourite non-tech Boomer stock ?
ARK flying again bc we said pleas
No, if I wanted to read superstitious fairy tales I would just read NKLA’s balance sheet.
imagine not believing in NIO
$VALE If you could stop eating shit on my calls that would be great for my depression
Sucks I had to waste $50 to remember how dumb PLTR is. Felt much better to sell at 30.
When is the dump boys?
ARKG making back some of their losses from yesterday
Shes roaring back to life. This is the way
<3 thanks China
An absurd amount of inexperienced traders “yoloing” and paper handing.
I wish I understood this behavior...but I’m retarded so I hope someone who can read explains this to us
Because he has a short position obviously. He doesn't know shit..lol
[deleted]
PLTR or FCEL lookin juicy which one do i get?
Sure thing man, everyone is lying and your super smart self figured it all out!

What part of the scientific process did you realize was faulty during their testing? I'm sure you have the inside scoop.
Yeah. Their service might be relevant in 2050.
DIS on a mission to Pluto 🚀🚀🚀
Achso, ja dänn*

*mit e ischs wieder en verbotene ticker. Mensch isch das müehsam.
yes Advanced Encryption Standard is good encryption
#STEEL GANG MOUNT UP
Volatility is where you make money
Sold mine at 10
i did 3k YOLO (i earn 1k/m) top retard
NO SELLING!!!
BABA at <30 RSI since open
Yes
Hey RKT how come every time I place my sell order you fucking drop
feels like an ARKG kinda day
Tim please do something make an announcement
Same 🇩🇪
Pltr getting bought up

Edit: oh no
My spacs are bleeding my meme stocks are flying. Maybe this IS the way
I bought spy puts boys, shits gonna moon now
Gay bears put out a mad bear raid on GME yesterday, looks like coming back up today.
It cures life
“bAbA aT oPeN iS fREe mOnEY”
Gracias otra vez, retardos
[deleted]
$OPTI all the way. This really should be on your radar after their annual shareholder meeting last night. 

Read the DD here

[https://twitter.com/TheRevDC84/status/1344266852856377346](https://twitter.com/TheRevDC84/status/1344266852856377346)
[removed]
I can't wait to read articles on how much money WSB has made the shorts lose. It was enjoyable with Tesla
Imagine thinking CCP is done sending Jack Ma a message.
Literally called the bottom for BABA: https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kjdkdk/daily_discussion_thread_for_december_24_2020/ggwqp1c/
Thank me later
Nasdaq bout to big dump
Has Mrs ArkWood awoken ???
Bitch talkin we bagholding experts
ARCT down 53% yesterday. Already up 8-9% today. How far y’all think it climbs back?
You get 2 warrants per 9 shares .
Let’s go SOL🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
I just hope pltr doesnt screw us
Weed PUMPING
There are no buyers for this piece of shit stock above 20 bucks. GameStop=Blockbuster
At least its not a MLM 🙂
I bought a 0dte call at open, feeling bad rn
GS calls
Out of everyone in congress McConnell legitimately looks like a lizard person in human skin
Baba dead
All the bag holders limiting losses
I just rewatched this episode last night
[deleted]
I love watching bears eat shit, probably because I’m German.
alright palantards here we go. here comes the daily dump
Gold pls
Lol
Welp it’s that time to close the app and continue on with my day. Only took 10 minutes
I am holding the GME line no matter what. If I lose some I don’t care, upside is too high, I’m in until the squeeze or SP at least doubles again.
LAZR my only green rn wtf
Cut losses with GOEV 19FEB21 c$22.50?
Baba dead
When I buy FB it goes down, when I don't it goes up, classic
Take off!
As long as it's not like titanic
Didn't sell
I’ve tried real hard to understand mornings and why people panic sell every up tick for the first 40mins or so.

I do not understand, my only conclusion is that people are fucking impatient morons.
Lol whole ftse 100 is like that. I need exposure though because your shitty American currency decided to turn into Monopoly money
>Some dumb fuck tossed 4k into weeklies

I'm going to go out on a limb here and say that lots of dumb fucks did this, only one posted about it.
I think cuz end of year rn
Aapl pleas fly again
Huh...
Will AMD ever moon again??
Baba is so nice. Dipping to let more people aboard this train.
Tsla on the dipppp
GME vs $20 :/
It's primarily people nervous about the current massive bloat trying to get out at the first hint of green
send the prayer up for BABA
Yesssss put it next to your picture of Jordan Belfort
So glad I bought calls yesterday
Bagman; drivin in the bag van. Tryin to hit the moon before expiry.
NIO wiping off my yesterday losses <3
Mr. Stark I don't feel good right now
[deleted]
boomer morons selling off baba
i mean i bought them 2 days ago and i’m up so looks like they printing for now
Source?
Flatter than a platypus' dick
dumped most of my BABA leaps at open. could be wrong but volatility doesnt seem to be over yet
Shit man, I’m gonna go start a spammy YouTube channel
People are actually panicking on BABA rn 😂😂
i want to get off mitch's wild coaster :(
Feels good to start the day without immediately getting ass blasted.
We gonna bankrupt this one
[deleted]
Hafechääs
FB dumping like a mofo. Very cool
You’re a retard buddy lol does time mean anything to you? It was 18 cents up when posted
AAPL up AAPL calls AAPL print AAPL moon AAPL buy algos
[deleted]
Cathie I want to Pleas fly again
I only put 40% of my account into ARKG yesterday.....should've been 100%
GME! GME! GME!
Not bad for a boomer stock
Blatant pump and dump by Capt Thiel
There is no voter fraud you stupid fuck lol. Papa Trump is done. The markets will continue to run into 2021 even with Father Time Biden
Taylor Swift levels of flat today
Shame.
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/Vince_Masuka73 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
The moar rockets, the more tendies!
[deleted]
legit bought 130 shares on 25 lol
[deleted]
TSM 🤑
NVTA going straight to $50, hop in
Oh my, such low volume on PLTR
Nobody's arguing on that. It's just that you have to pay taxes in that case.

You only get to not pay taxes on capital gains if you hold stocks longer than a year each and don't trade options & futures etc. or take lombard loans.
No way someone with so little intelligence could survive on their own for long
Sorry mama Cathie
PLTR noooo
🚀🚀🚀 I want a end of year squeeze. GME 🚀🚀🚀
Told you guys yesterday was a dead cat bounce for BABA
^^
That ARCT dip buy yesterday
Houston we have a lift off
[deleted]
You would think I would have learned to not go against the grain on big money rotations during EOY. But here we are.
Congrats!! Best of luck on your journey
Catbie G fuck yeaaaah 🚀🚀🚀🚀💦💦💦💦
boom
from your lips to the market's ear
Can't stop, won't stop, Gamestop
I literally dont even know how to say PLTR. Same with MT. I tell me my friends to buy "the plant one and the steel one"
Id fill my pants, front and back
almost got a heart attack thanks to Webull saying ARKG is down 3.5%🤡
[deleted]
 

# Swiss Patient Dies Shortly After Receiving Pfizer COVID Vaccine
[deleted]
GME Gang Gang retaking $20 today
[removed]
Fucking NET
NIO gang

Weird lie guy

What’s the price target on this bitch? Options prices are disconcertingly low rn
SPY 375 lets go.
BABA paperhands profit-taking? Alright BABA 250 EOY it is.🚀🚀🚀
SPOT price upgrade from 310 to 380 by Monness, Crespi, Hardt
pleas!
GME
Around 100%
Also, as it stands, are companies currently liable for what is posted ?
Oh god I’m cum
Steel gang! here we go!
I feel very poor in here with my 3K total position.

Hopefully a little less poor when Bill announces.
ARCT what a dip buy yesterday
I love those gene things 🧬
If he makes any money, can buy some plastic, new hair
FCEL
Pleas go to 96 today su bae. Pleas fly
i knew i never should have doubted my queen cathie
Sorta bored with this trading volume
Anyone else sit on the toilet when making big money moves? I finished taking a shit like 30 minutes ago, but still here cause I feel the most comfortable and productive on my throne.
Yes, get meta and ad hominem attack that will make you more right about MSTR
GO NIO BABY GO
We are the market makers. We are the dreamers of dreams
[deleted]
Steel stocks 😳
[deleted]
Thanks wsb for recommending AES
Any predictions on NOK eoy?
NIO GONNA MAKE ME BUUUUST💦💦💦💚💦
If you're about to buy a contract at any point today just listen to this first while you do an extra few minutes of watching the price and doing research before you buy https://youtu.be/2HVQzAAUhkQ I guarantee you've never listened to this while trading before so it will disconnect you from your habits and reconnect you with thought
The fuck is this Kenny G
💎🤚
Something non-retarded like LMT.
Cathie bb I'm sorry I doubted you
Has that been the secret all along
dude u guys bought too many baba call, that just crashed the stock.
Fool me once, Shame on you

Fool me twice, can't get fooled again
[removed]
I’m so fucking beyond annoyed right now that today will be another slow bleed
Cash gang for now, unless some of you autists have some plays
[deleted]
This looks like Olympic Game Farms in WA state
AKRG going back on up
This guy fucks
ICLN on a moon mission
Don’t try and catch a falling knife you retards.
BABA dumping 😭
Boomer stonk v shaping
What if GME just never stopped going straight up
8 minutes into market open and none of my positions are drilling. i almost forgot what this felt like
They were also in a nursing home... law of averages say someone in that place was gonna die that week.
Man knows his base.
HOLD YOUR GME THE SHORTS GOTTA BE RIPPING THEIR HAIR OUT
PLTR dropping to 20 before we go up again. Sit on your hands, mass sell off before EOW
literally everyone here.
Ok bought a ton of PLTR let’s go
LOL yeah, you're going to e-trade your used video game, and they're going to e-trade you back their ridiculously marked up copy of Mario Party? 

Give me a break, no one is going to buy electric games from a website when they can get them right from their console 😂😂😂
NIO has its dick in me, in a good way
What app is that - looks interesting!
Other than wanting to avoid increased anti-trust scrutiny, it may be wise for them to avoid advertising this year's jump in sales because it's unlikely that next year will see the such a substantial improvement (assuming pandemic subsides).
[removed]
ARKG 😳
GME breaks 20 right here
That’s what stimmy is for 😎
Should have bought more GME yesterday...
Webull
RIOT and Marathon Patent Group to the moon!  Crushing it this year.
Do you think it will ever hit 80?
Buy all GME shares. The bear will probably want you to shill you their lend stocks. Just buy it. Sorry market closed here today
Seeing Elong meme tweeting his heart out gives me a good feeling for QR
I’m not watching but Morgan Brennan on on from 9-10 so I imagine this is the answer
Is this the Baba dip?
Why did you go to Juarez for Spring Break?
Classic BABA opening dip
Cut losses on SQ, should moon now yw
Is it a rule that every boomer has to list their designations in their twitter handle?
BABA DIP

YOU DIDNT MISS YOUR CHANCE TO GET IN

GET IN HEREEEEEEE
BBBY IS FLYING HIGH TODAY OMG
Which idiot bought BABA calls at open?
I feel like trump would want this then if he’s always being accused of spreading false information
FCEL or MARA
Galaxy 😇
[deleted]
XPEV NIO just boomed a bit the past few minutes.
I consider market open to be 10:15. That way I'm up like 3% every day. Balance keeps dropping though, so weird
I keep buying the dip
BABA puts good here?
Yes, there’s definitely those old school Pre-Trump “fiscal conservative” GOP voters, but since Trump has commandeered the party that hasn’t really been the edge that keeps them competitive (like the far left don’t win Dems any elections but they can help lose). The “Trumpist” (for lack of a better word) GOP voters are the ones that are seeing McConnell this way.
I love a green opening
Jack Ma must have called the party leader the n word.
Is anyone else shorting PINS
369.50 EOD
Up 1000x on roblox
BBBY THE SQUEEZE STARTS NOW
If staying flat doesn’t fuck you over then yes
ARKG
Come on BABA! Keep going!
GAMESTOP MORE LIKE CANTSTOP AMIRITE? 🚀🚀🚀🚀
we need more more buyers than sellers
It’s simple. 

You buy every EV dip.
IT'S HAPPENINGGGGGG
I just made one of the most autistic calls in my life bought PLTR turbo warrant with 24.10 knockout price and forgot my European broker is now closed until Monday.

Basically if PLTR dips to 24.10 between today and tomorrow my account is blown and I cannot do anything about it 😭😭😭😭
CRAB MARKET CRAB MARKET
Fuck NET
so far a green day....
SPY puts free money
Hell yeah fuck this planet, we’re off to mars
Close at 371
Apple wrong way!!!!!! 😢😢😢
MT fly!
Dumbass
I will never forgive myself for selling PLUG at $3
Aber ich spiele das die ganze Zeit
[deleted]
I love you RNW.... High divy stock up 20% in 5 days, 100%+ this year.
Those of you thinking of selling BABA, don't and hold. Paper handers are cashing in for a few bucks but it'll go back up today. 💎🙌🏼 for tendies
[deleted]
Looking at GME move up 2%. Fuck yeah my limit sell at 155 usd will fill
What did I just read 😂

How big is your bag?
That's why you never go full retard
LET'S FUCKING GOOOOOOOO
Lol welcome onboard, we’re here to fuck people like you!
Okay so clearly they haven’t printed yet...plenty of time to tank LOL
[deleted]
PLTR is holding well. Let’s see what happens lmao
I honestly don’t understand how these types of YouTube videos, of any genre do well. Literally have pretty much stopped watching videos on the internet and visiting YouTube because it’s just a cluster fuck. Same as googling shit. 10 20 years ago I could google a ‘shower thought’ type question and find exact results, even if I made a spelling or grammar error I’d find results with the same spelling or grammar errors because ofc some other retard has asked that question before on the net and got their spellins wrong.

Rearrange your question/keywords these days and the front page doesn’t even change. The internet has turned into a marketing and corporate joke.
A Samefur Dispray.
I admire the dedication to you always posting this
YES ARKK RIGHT WAY THIS TIME
At this rate cloudflare is going to ruin me. Guess I’ll check tomorrow!
lookin like the meme index is green today
Xpeng as well woooo
EVERYONE, KEEP BUYING GME!!!!
RemindMe! 3 months 🌈🐻
Who is it
US boys hating on green and gains lately
JFC, the volume is pathetic.
[deleted]
Nobody talk about 🔫🦠🧪💚📗♻️ energy just let it ride 👀
Clean
[deleted]
ARKG AND THE G IS FOR GOING TO THE FUCKING SKYYYY
GME LET'S FUCKING GOOOOOOOOOOOO
Tech looking weak boys
[deleted]
BABA bby not like this
If he can just stop making 3 videos a day and start focusing on quality over quantity he would still be relevant, I guess people liked him for a reason at the beginning, but I guess greed is just something that will always hunt humans forever.
BABA just got rekt
oh i see my nio prayers have been answered.

thank you stock market gods
SPY is flat, so idk?
[deleted]
Baba why
Up 40 cents and you are hear lying. Gtfo Melvin
SQ
I know and I love SQ it just doesn’t love me back sometimes
This lady on CNBC is smokin
Why do I feel like NIO is the inverse of American stocks?
[deleted]
major BABA dip
Been saying it for a while, but if you aren’t taking a risk to get into Luckin Coffee, you’re gonna miss out on a huge run.

Soon to be relisted, new leadership, SEC compliance and US financial auditing, and with significant growth.
To be fair, he does show his positions
Pm me the new venue
HOLY SHIT NIO GO
Guh
Glad you all ruined BABA, only took two days.
Can K hurry up and catch up with your brother G.
50? Lol. That’s laughable. This shit isn’t even worth 30. Good luck dumb ass
[deleted]
This is confirmed by Dr. Patel.
Pooh doesn’t like Jack
Hoooold the fucking line autists
Jesus Christ what the fuck is wrong with Murica
I bought RIoT finally. Given my track record someone should buy puts and donate some of their winnings so my account can be saved
Waiting for that BLNK bubble to burst 💥.
Could today be the day PLTR doesn’t fuck me over
i strive on this depresiness keep going
ctrl+f "trade date" or "holding period"

now you really look like an idiot
[deleted]
palantir is gnna struggle at 25 and dump again. no doubt.
25.5 HIGHEST today.
Best LEAPs to buy before eoy ?
Fax
If we can close above 20 (we won’t) the short squeeze tommrow morning is going to be dosgusting
NIO 1DTE 47c free money 🤑🤑
It's bad for my heart.
Baba going red
Stop playing weeklies bruh same shit happened to me
SQ was the only stock going during the October and november shit market
Nasdaq 13000
Bought blnk at the bottom that shits on some crack rn
I don't believe it will..it's over sold at this point and far from it POC...needs to get back to atleast $25.76
Dame tommy Shelby is such a sexy motherfucker 😈
Buy 10 GME shares if you read this
[deleted]
Mr market is looking for some juicy stop losses
Here it comes
GME come on buddy you can do it
Erst wieder am 4 zocken... bruh
$DBX you beautiful bitch
Are ye winning son?
fair
Aaand... we're dumping again
TODAYS A WIN FOR THETA GANG
DUMPPPPPP
Nobody buying GME it’s up 18 pennies
My new fav hobby for sure
Baba gang already dipping? Y’all need to leave that Chinese shit
Those are some pretty big red candles I’m seeing.
SQ you are a predictable fucking piece of shit
RIOT and MARA strong 💪🏼
Melvin can't short today, tomorrow they will throw everything they got at it, they are fucked otherwise
Damp it
XL MAY 21 30 OTM
SQ jumping off a cliff again
Ahh yes another day where my positions slowly bleed out
Needs more sagging neck...
fifth time i‘ve bought the dip
you just had to jinx it
Lol idk what I expected
$PLTR I'm gonna fuck your shit up if you tried to pull that shit again.. stay green, you bitch!
wow net
Now let's try to stay below $300 this time SNOW!  

This is your new home!
Hello im a fucking autist got 3k on PLTR. i earn 1k a month cause im still a apprentice YOLO BANANA Bois
ungeeignet wills kei optione uf us aktie git, nur uf europäischi unternehme
Green days: up $250
Red days: down $2000
Perhaps you've never heard of Dog?
F
Wow ..I love this game ...
$GNOG
[Rammstein - Deutschland](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NeQM1c-XCDc)
> walberg performance inspired bars

20g fiber per bar? You trying to cause a blowout
After stimulus, haha. Let's see what happens.
would’ve been a ten bagger if people went in at the bottom
Getting ready for the dump at 9:50
[deleted]
Not another slow bleed day!!!
Wow down bigly on baba at open why
GOEV is green!!! Lol
December has been terrible. Just when I claw back to end roughly even, I drop like 12% in a few days
Then whats the point of trading if It does not become a second income other than work.?
NET pleas fly again
baba damping
iborrow showing 15,000 GME shares available to borrow
Palantir another red day would be unconscionable.

Don't.
BBBY GANG RISE UP
Last chance for SPY puts before the rest of the retards realize the Dems will never agree to Cocaine Mitch's two additional requests.
GME 🚀🚀🚀
#HE BOUGHT PUTS? PUMP EET 

-JPOW
[deleted]
Sold at open - quick 50% profit
Bro I don’t get how every fucking play I make is a bust. I seriously don’t get it
Every freaking day we dump at open. Getting annoying. At this point, I want red futures.
KEEP IT ROLLING PLTR. I BELIEVE IN YOU BUDDY
Sold some GH IV 1/15 20c. You think I’m gonna get assigned
OH SHIT GME OH SHIT GME OH SHIT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! KEEP GOING!!!!!!!!!!!!
My relatives that live in rural Kentucky, most of whom have been devastated by the downturn in the economy, love the guy and are glad the more liberal voting poor people aren’t getting “handouts for nothing” for what it’s worth.
Yet another retard...

The vaccine does not prevent you from dying moron...

The vaccine does not 100% prevent covid you mouth breathing piece of shit, especially when you've only had 1 dose. It protects against covid by limiting the amount of strains you can acquire and the severity of covid symptoms...

Go read a fucking book you dumb ass trumpist...
Looks like FÇÉŁ finally woke up.
Just buy GME. Bears going into holidays.
buy GME you fucks
we opened green as fuck today and i choose to believe that it's because of all the battle cries from this sub,. ONWARD FELLOW RETARDS
[deleted]
It sure would be rad to see the gme short squeeze happen today 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀💎🤲🏻
Thank you for your service
Has there even been enough time for the second required dose?!
[deleted]
If i see a rocket 🚀  going to the moon 🌙  im hopping on, no questions asked
Dumped PLTR right at open for +20% gain. 

Didnt feel like riding that rollercoaster again today, but it is a fun one to trade due to the big swings
The fake account scandal is the disgusting act I’m talking about. Who else did it because you’re the first person I’ve ever heard say that other big banks were opening credit lines in other people’s names
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [Green Day: &quot;Boulevard O](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Soa3gO7tL-c) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Soa3gO7tL-c)⠀►►⠀ 3:12 / 4:48 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
Oh no two bad cases
If RH filled my orders at open I would’ve made money but no the shitty app just took me red
EVERY FUCKING MORNING
damit...thought you said calls
LETSGOOOO
[removed]
STOP THE COUNT
Buying puts we gonna dump
Dumped cloudflare. Will buy back in if it reaches $70
why didnt  i get into JD yesterday..
Day trading UVXY is like trading on easy mode, when I move one way buy the opposite direction
GNOG TIME 🚀
It’s gonna bounce up
I sat in the middle of class usually off to the side. R/investing consists of people who sat in the front of class and tried to clarify every statement the teacher made.

WSB is the group that either sat in the back and disrupted the class or only showed up for 30% of the classes before taking the final.

I much prefer the back of the class group than the front of the class when it comes to dealing with reality.
Well the dead one didn’t get COVID
I-i can’t believe it..im up?!
"ALLLLRIGHT you guys it's time to talk some DD, and if you don't know what that means it's all to do with how big your tits are. But before we get into that if you need a VPN..."
[removed]
NET hurting me
the chad genetics penny stock turbomooning. 

literally outperforming all my real investor big boi stonks
Alexa play Green Day
BUY THE BABA DIP
just bought 1K shares on margin

i like margin way more than options.  8% interest on etrade, but i need to go to RH for much less interest.
MP 🚀🚀🚀
Just fired another 100 share slug of GME into my Roth
Chwy calls for the gme gang
guy's showing up to the party after its already changed venues
Inb4 GME bull trap
Lick this hulk dick
Why’s that?
Again, only if they don't consider trading an income source for you.
Look now only 48% left 😏
SOL moon mission LETS GOO🚀🚀
[removed]
It’s only pumping because I want to buy more and it doesn’t want to give me a deal when my transfer is finally available
Great Kazakh scientist Doctor Yarmulke prove that woman’s brain the size of squirrel
I felt my life fleeting away as NIO bolted out of the pre-market and started dropping its prices:(
Man just watched the most fucked up shit happen, someone limit sold a BABA spread for 2.30 because that’s what showed as the market price since there were no bids at open. Watched it come in, watched the bids come in and take it. Price went up to 8.00. Lmfao.
AAPL back to 137
alright arkk do that thing again
DUMPING
Bn go is mooning
Wish I got more underneath $28. Fuc mane . Have 500 shares of icln
Whoever is selling MARA you’re actually retarded lol
Anyone not buying BABA at open hates money
please fuck bears eoy
"Looks like I got a splinter, it was nice knowing you retards"
Please no rise and dump for the third time in a row
Here it comes PLTR bulls, the letdown. Remember, I told you 5 minutes to get your puts
Thank you ARKG
Damn RIOT took off this morn
mine are 2-6 months out expiration at $20 i ain’t worried
Remember that 95% number everyone was creaming their pants over? It means you can still get the virus even with the vaccine, it's in the data. And that's after 2 doses.

I'd rather take my chances with the vaccine than without.
BTD. It's the future of the internet
EVERY FUCKING DAY NIO WHY
Mitch “the Bitch” McConnell is making himself the most hated man in America and I for one love it.

Dude’s always been a little weasel but he’s always had the support of the GOP voters. Now that he’s opposing their wishes too, everyone sees him for what he is.
Rise Ozon
yes less go pltr
G M E
What happened to arkg options purchased before yesterday ?
Fucking E Trade glitched and showed my entire ARKG holding as gain. What a fucking fakeout, thanks. Thought I was up 9% on my portfolio at open
[deleted]
[deleted]
ANXIETY ANXIETY ANXIETY
Lmfao
What’s the movie ? I feel like this is a recent film but it also feels ages ago
[deleted]
You could always make the bad news 😉
WE RIDE AGAIN MELVIN
No sudden movements!
How much is margin account do u have to pay a month for it ?
There goes the every morning NIO selloff
Cloudflare will bury me
Actually, It's 9:31
Buy GME and hold. Do not sell!
[removed]
Power to the players woooooo
The only green in my options portfolio are theta plays.  Hmm...
[deleted]
You talking about the guy who built and sold a satellite company?
[deleted]
Jo, hans zwüscheziitlich chöne aluege und gseht super us. Ich wird wohl zuekünftigi churzfristigi trades det mache, und mis long term zügs und optione uf Swissquote lah. Momentan chani eh ned alles porte wegem lombardkredit woni bi SQ offe ha, aber mit de ziit wirdi wohl meh und meh transferiere. 

bez. optione: efach will det d trading fees ned würklich niedriger sind als anderswo, oder isches us me andere grund ungeeignet?
it will for sure, i just didn't have the patience any more
An old fat fuck
LFG GME!!!
NET had been straight up murdered
on a serious note, what the fuck is wrong with NET?
Fuck, its all green, am i in Valhalla?
"And so it begins" - Theoden
where can you see that?
Blnk!!
Dont get me wrong, i want it to happen too..
I can tell all you retards sold GME because it shot up
Wtf Aapl, stop being so... oh hey Tim
PLTR pump and dump, every day
What are the chances PLTR dips to 24.10 between today and tomorrow?
Are you the .001% who will die? Are you obese and poor?
Every single session started with a dump in Murica since weeks
Get ready guys. Sneaking suspicion there’s gonna be ppl selling at open. I know it doesn’t usually happen just look out
Ok I’m ready for PLTR fade
absolutely massive Shaquille O’Neal and Hulk pp collab
If you listen closely you can hear the autistic screeching as thousands of morons who invested in video game blockbuster go bankrupt
300% IV lol
BABA OPENING DIP
So far so good.
SQ don't fuck me today.
That volume
You know how they said it was **90% effective** right?
99.7 survival rate unless you’re a fat fuck
[deleted]
Bears are fuk
I remember when this sub used to trade other than only meme stocks. Good times
And you butthole puckered waiting for that tip
OK COCK TIME !!! 

LETS GO BABY 

LIFT 

#LIGHTWEIGHT
CASINO OPEN
GME
Time for gang rape
[deleted]
What moves you got? Would love a better risk/reward
Let's ride this 🚀
JPOW, DO IT NOW
Not happening
💎🙌 engaged
looks like I have covid.  it was fun knowing you retards. never change
ICLN moon shot baby
Very funny MMs, but I am never selling.
He can’t find his hairline let alone Reddit
No one knows which way it's going to go which has huge implications for certain stocks. Autist.
Holding -

ARKK / ARKW / ARKG / ARKF / BABA / JD / CHWY

I like ARK, CHYNA and dog
How did you tell her the news, that's what I'm interested in.
[deleted]
Says the fucking Q'anon tool? Wipe that cheetos dust ring from your mouth before you speak to me. 

You've been sucking 🥭  dick for so long, you've lost all sense of reality...
"Only"
Their own e-commerce
Show time.
BUY MOAR PUSSY
[deleted]
Open up your assholes folks, its ass rape time.
When has it ever pumped in all of its history? This summer when all vaccine candidates were being jacked to the stratosphere azn was one of the worst performers. It's a slow mover with an ok dividend at best.
If you have PLTR, just buy and hold dips. Yes the moon is taking a little longer, but it’s better than selling at a loss.

💎🙌
priced in
Fully clenched
only ~3.5x? not good enough. 10x or gtfo
Might as well buy shares at that point, no?
NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Yum
This comment was posted at the open
One Swiss patient dead after COVID-19 vaccine

One nurse vaccinated caught covid in California
Risk to reward is not even worth it
Rmo anyone?
[deleted]
GME needs to stop being such a bad girl
anyone jumping on XL today? hit the 618 retrace perfectly and reversed, low RSI, MACD trending back up- looks like a buy to me
Exactly, nothing.
Only need a 50% pump. Still hope.
MT is up +70% in the last 3 months....
Market open in 1 minute hold yer butts boys
You had me at December 22th
CASINO TIME 🤑🤑🤑
Imagine being gay in a recession
How low is Drillstop going today?
RIOT $20 call
A crappy Portmanteau of Tesla and Lemming, implying that folks that buy TSLA are Lemmings that will follow each other off a cliff
[deleted]
>🌈 🐻

lol
?
No
Buying weeklies (aka virtual slot machine) is not investing
oh no 76k fine what are they gonna do!
Me... balls deep in SPY calls. 
Mitch the Bitch: THE SENATE WILL DECIDE YOUR FATE
that's it??? thats fkn itt??? jesus...
Aight 30 seconds to go. Good luck, my dudes, on this Wednesday, my dudes.
Exactly.  Buying far out doesn’t help much if you buy at the wrong time and it plummets
Seriously. My shit drops 5-7% everyday and I feel this 😂
When you spend 3 billion on advertising,  and 20 billion on FUD and market manipulation, that's where you're going to find yourself, fucked up sleeping under a gutter in the rain. Fuck dinosaur auto.
Isn’t it too late to jump on the shitwagon? Been seeing GMR posts for some time now.
Amen
Sell Baba at open or hold?
As soon as my stimulus hits I'm all in on CRSP
That one
How do I upvote this more than once?
DIE GME
$76k?? That’s literally pocket change for them.
[deleted]
The market should be totally stable at 370
[deleted]
Zhong shanshan the fucking God, y'all know what he does? Sell water, literally Chinese poland spring and tea and shit. That's it.
AAPL and fading at open. Name a more iconic duo
it smells like drill team 6 is about to come back
Going 0dte baba calls
is everyone lubed up?
I see GME, I award silver.
Guy wears ear muffs above his ears
You better not dump a goddamn thing during market hours
Mid
HOOOOOLLLLDDDDD!!!!!!!!!
These old rich mfers probably arguing over bigger stimmies like “the ppl need $2000 checks! Cuz I guess that’s how much milk is these days? Let me ask my maid”
Is amazon seriously going to stay tight-lipped about xmas sales figures? every other year they shouted from the roof-tops about their new record on 26DEC. Cmon Jeff aint nobody going to break up your co
EarthCoin.

The last $1,200 Stimmy is now worth $4,500.
I think you forgot stocks only go up
SQ just please have a +7% I’m on my knees with my mouth agape
I have decided with careful thought, that' i'll be dumping $400 into a DIS 7/16 call, and the remaining $200 into GME shares just to support the cause.
 SELLLLL
Lord give me the strength to not paper hand this shit by 9:35
HIVR is the retirement stock today boys
RIOT PRINTINGGGGGG HOP IN BEFORE ITS TOO LATE
yea, clog those bear assholes baby!!!
Stimmy is 2k. Just buy GME with your 600 and it will be 2k by feb. Turtle mitch has BofA and Melvin stake.
Bears are fukkd.
Holders will be rewarded for their loyalty
How much higher does this have to go?
My asshole is ripped wide by LAZR and promised myself to never get in.
if ark doubles their purchases in a stock you know wtf time it is
MARK
fucking lil pimp...
God I hope so
Teamwork makes the dream work
smells like a continuation kinda day
Nice bro good hedge
'E-commerce sites JD.Com (JD), Alibaba's (BABA) Tmall, and Vipshop (VIPS) have each been fined CNY500,000 ($76,614) by China's anti-trust regulator for irregular pricing, Reuters reported on Wednesday'

Only fines, Ant issue settled, going moon now
“Their small brains” 😂
They bought puts yesterday . Today MMs fuck them
always known to go right
Stock is going to moon and dump randomly. I hate the comparison but it’s like Tesla highs lows but more highs
Can’t fucking wait. All the spamming yoloers about to lose everything.

“Butbutbut the company is going to change”

Yeah, and it won’t offer anything that the PS/XB online market places or Amazon don’t already offer.
[removed]
Lord, pleas bless us with tendies today!
See how much of an autist you are lmao
I say when we fucking sell
I know it will bite me in the ass eventually but I’ve made about 100k this year off stocks I see hyped on here without doing any research whatsoever. I definitely don’t yolo 100% of my portfolio on one, but I’ve dumped 5-10k on several and it’s worked out fantastically so far.
Bruh, buying steel during a crisis is the dumbest thing you could do, who the fuck is building stuff rn. Moreover, in an undifferentiated industry like steel in times of crisis especially you’re 99,9% likely to see losses.
It was only a lil pump. Big pump is still on its way.
Got 50K ready to load up on shares at open. Right now it's between DKNG, SQ, GME or CRWD.

Edit: Not touching the CRSR pump n dump
Lord Musk 🚀🚀🚀
But not melly
My 3 inch morning wood wont go away
Where do u find these pics
Mnuchin lied. The stimulus check isn't in my account yet =(
Was there back in November.  Sucks man. Embrace your inner bull.  We know it’s there in you somewhere.  GL
Gme calls expire tomorrow. Down 80% 😎
You are an ignoramus
Smd
I’m gobbling up PLTR!
Always lookin for a good nut
yes the market worth trillions has not priced in the event but you with 5k in your robinhood account has 🤡
That's the point of buying far out call. It depends when you buy
BABA cause how can a tool of CHYNA go tits up
I'm so numb to these awful opens, you can't hurt me any longer
Already looks like it’s about to fall
Why the fuck that?
take your phone with you
NIO MOON
!RemindMe 1 month
I have 1/22 235c’s so if it did I’d probably add 1 or 2 more honestly, but I hope it just continues mooning
Your an animal
sauce?
ARE THE MEMES BACK?
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AjN\_67mp11k&list=PL2C0B6639CCBFBFF0&index=227](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AjN_67mp11k&list=PL2C0B6639CCBFBFF0&index=227)

i think its this episode where a bunch of playmates literally chase a dude down the street to ride in his car
Does anyone play $ewy beeen watching it moon all week
Why does NKLA still have a 6B market cap? That seems high for a fraudulent company
You hope 10s of thousand of people lose their jobs because you're butthurt over a trade in value you got 10 years ago for a PS1 game? 

Loser.
Yes commander
baba 220p 1/15 you see it here first
You’ve never read up on tax code in your life. It takes two seconds for you to Google and see that you’re wrong, you pompous, poor fuck. Kid spends two months on WSB in a bull market and thinks he has all the answers. Please ban yourself. It’s confident, ignorant fucks like you that our ruining our sub.
Oh fuck thanks for the heads up bro
HOLD!!!!!
We dumping at open?
FDX looking like a pretty sweet buy right now.
Sheep
Evidently
DKNG is the new BABA October-Now
No
Damnit Jon! I knew I should’ve listened to you yesterday :(
Hoo-ray!!
Gme
Good luck finding shares to short buddy
[deleted]
No you're right, but I'm sure some noobs have paper handed winners because of doomers lol. 

I thought those guys knew something that I didn't when I first got here over a year ago. But they're all actually retarded.
Say it with me. Fuck Melvin
Reminding people who shat on you of $hitcoin is the best feeling in the world.
If riot dips at all today I’m gonna buy more. 

Stimmy checks + long weekend = bit🪙 🚀
[deleted]
Someone needs their wife to have an affair with Thiel and give anal on the reg to get that insider pump and dump timings
AMD hasbeen a weird one. Boomers still think it is a little brother to all the big players and dump AMD everytime intel brags about products 2 years down the line.
Casino opens in 2 mins

,😈😈😈😈
I’m on it right now
I have 2023 calls...
ready for cathie to put on that strap-on and penetrate me in places I’ve never been penetrated before
Don't check until 1030
Yeah. I don't get the hate.
[deleted]
Hold it
Guh
Unless you get the 200k roadster Tesla’s are too slow for me. The are only “quick” if you are a high school red light racer that only does 0-60 runs. 

They get their ass fucking beat in the quarter mile or doing fast freeway pulls 

Model 3 is particularly trashy. Nice Model S are ok.
What's everybody dumping stimmy into?
Blood shot red cat... we meet again
Market has not yet priced in the Georgia senate run-off election. That is honestly a huge risk event
Ride or die
Pltr is also a good buy at price below 25.
I'm a simple man. I see rockets I buy
hAnG SeNg fOllOws US 🤡
3250 shares
40C 5/21
50C 1/22

Still not feeling great
It sort of has to. News and fundamentals too good to have a 1-3% say
Not happening. Will be 20 or lower in next week or two.
Why not submit the actual URL op
Do I have time to poop before the bell
I'll start gaming at market open, so I don't do anything stupid. This is the way
Ahh attack on Titan
Today could be the day for the bounce.  Could be.
Baba giving me a fat adrenaline rush rn
Oh

Yeah you should stick to shares
you have to see the bigger picture. you too -  can be a orange man.
It’s making me regret getting shares but I think it will go back up at some point
Yikes, what manipulation... Gold starts booming and then like clockwork, DXY decides to shoot for the skies...
[deleted]
> Rapper Lil Pump was banned for life from JetBlue after he refused to don a mask during a flight Sunday from Fort Lauderdale, Florida, to Los Angeles.

Green day cancelled due to missing pump
Yes you can you just have to wait for funds to settle
Here to drink delicious retard tears when GME drops to less than $15 soon, it's going to be glorious 😂

I mean, a brick and mortar game business in an age of increasing digitalization, commercial real estate collapsing, and Amazon dominance...

What exactly is the path to profitability here? 🤔
Make a GME Legendary Short Squeeze subreddit and get the fuck out
We can buy that up in a second
I cannot take anymore heartbreak
Are we still talking about that?
If AAPL dumps at open I might break my iPhone.
I'm taking a piss, mate. I'm sure they're fine haha
[removed]
Let's ride this bitch to $20+ !!!
Pleas
ICLN 1/15/21 26.5-27c
There's this game called poker.  You might like it.
Have fun getting burnt off weeklies!
NVTA 45c for several months out
I love trophy wives, a little spit and they shine up like new
Looks like a penis in a suit. Oh how twitter has fallen.
OPEN THE FUCKING GATES
Talked to the IRS 2 days ago. They are still issuing the original $1200 until December 31st. Lmao, what a cluster fuck.
It better.
GME soldiers, don't let the 🏳️‍🌈🐻 talks let you down. 99% don't even put their money at where their mouth is. Moral of the story: FUCK 🏳️‍🌈🐻 AND SHOOT GME TO THE🌚
Who cares what this old fucker thinks. If it's shitty get out of it. If it's not, hold it. Being attached to it out of ego is stupid.
Yep - bingo. the recent moves in the underlying stocks owned by her ETFs has primarily been liquidity driven due to fund flows coming in. More money comes into funds, more she has to buy of her holdings, and the more she buys, the more they go up (due to limited float and significant ARK ownership already). Will be interesting to see ARK performance over next few years cause at some point she might just get too big (in terms of fund flows) which may actually lead to diminishing returns
https://youtu.be/ve1cl_Nmvbw
SQ I need my money back today
rooting for SNOW to fall off the $300 cliff
Just Trump hating bullshit.
[removed]
JIH is the next QS
[removed]
My account has a resistance at 10k, this mother fucker always get rejected to go up, and ends up down. Today is the day we claim our tendies fellow autists and retards
🚀🚀🚀
Doubtful
Haha, jealous bald mfer about to get his ass handed to him
You’re all caught up! 😸
I remember getting down voted for this a couple months ago... I think it’s algos. TAN does the same thing. It’s to fuck up weeklies you REALLY can’t hold anything less than a monthly at about 15% OTM or it’ll get roasted.
Buy BABA today. I almost held off yesterday and I would be crying with regret right now.
Baba
What’s up guys! I’m back with episode 6 in the “Buying Risky Options and Locking Myself out of my Phone” series!
Hold. Just fucking hold!!
Holy fuck. Imma need some serious bad news to break even
Call expired worthless
Let’s go boi
China stonk flying rn
It could be a good day!
[deleted]
Bro honestly it was half decent for someone’s first video, can’t be mad, and it’s not like 99% of us paid for it at all.
I’ll wait exactly 10 minutes so I know I’m buying from you
lets all fomo in
Any update on $CFII shooting the moon in SPAC merger? View Glass Company has a major deal with $TSLA
Probably price target.
Price target
This man said shares 🤮
I’m. Not. Selling. GME.
Unity....let's go!
Wrong.  Had late Jan and March calls  bought like a month ago and they got slaughtered
Brace yourselves GME gang 🙌💎
What platform do you use?
do you even know meaning of 10bagger retard?
The MMs better try harder than this, all in puts at open
Honestly that’s kinda bullish
I bought down ARKG and ARKK yesterday. I’m not going anywhere!
Btfd
10,000 share sell wall on GME at $19.34. Who’s the devil behind it
SQ leaps 2022 250c
What game are you playing today??
Wsb bearish? Time to inverse.
Ride or die
Need a margin account for some
Stupid fucking reason
Mitch didn’t send them out yet
[deleted]
I bought them for my wife and her boyfriend to play
[deleted]
Which stocks will drill today?
Yes, because there are no circumstantial differences. You just have the special “work hard” gene that we all lack. I bow to you, O Great One.
Lol 2:50... This is how I know you are a Europoor
Yeah sure 16% is a lot, but AMC is lending in the 90s
Look at premarket
5 minutes until I bust or Mitch does
I may not be alive long term. I do however want chicky tendies for lunch.
350 lets go
Come on snap, do something
Good morning and welcome to the casino. Remember to tighten down your helmets before takeoff and there’s always a loser and winner on both sides of a trade.
Just checked their schedule online they "convene" at 3:00 so nothing should happen till then...damn I wish I could work 3-5 lol
Ride
[deleted]
think BABA tests 239 before going to 250?
[removed]
Mine shows pending deposit on 1/4.
TMO is just dying to break out
[deleted]
[removed]
PLTR's gonna be a good buy at the 22-23 range tbh. Only time ill touch that stock. Just to sell it when it goes back to 28-30 in a week or two after.
[deleted]
Hold strong my friend what goes down must go up 🚀🚀🚀
[removed]
$10K YOLO go!
CLA
Hold!!
"invest" lol
I been sleepin a few days, what’s the new gang we’re in now
PDD ✅✅
!remindme 10 minutes
Ring the fucking bell ya pansies! - Blue
Not really, you realize that 8 of your top ten are Chinese right?
Think I’m gonna get fucked on my 1/15 25C?
🚀
RMO shaping up to like GOEV
If you’ve made enough off BABA calls to buy 1 share as a trophy it’s your American duty to do so.

This stimulus is going to cause more inflation, send some of it to China to help!
sold all of my shares last night because it’s headed for sub $14
Can u sell coverd calls free on
Webul ?
Nice !!
You train the user, just like you would with the larger device.
Overall past 2 days I’ve lost about 40% lol

I took a loss on those baba calls 🥴
Bro what
[deleted]
yes. And mooning
People salty about PLTR are buying weekly options. Just buy shares or far out calls. 

💎🙌
When people talk about the Belle Delphine porno. Are they sure they watched the actual 12 minute video and not just that dead out teaser video?

Because the actual video was alright for a good nut tbh
5 minutes until the Casino doors open!
exactly
What’s the sub?
Wonder if MM makers at the EOY just take their turns dumping after pre market run ups.
I like the point about absolutes but unfortunately that is how this sub is. You get younger folks on here that do not even know what confirmation bias/absolute views is and will just scream at you and downvote your head off. Its natural when someone has money at stake and they refuse to hear anything negative about their positions but it goes both ways.
I'm just waiting for the BBY nose dive to the core of the Earth as per usual.
Same bro - won big, lost bigger
That’ll teach her
Crude taking a digger right before opening bell.
Coffee, gym, breakfast, coffee, wsb, lose money. In that order
Why are people pissed at PLTR? I’m holdin 12/31 and still not nervous
Lol Vegasbets? Just been perma banned hahahaha thank fuck
rip
Who's ready for PLTR's regularly scheduled morning dip?? Adding more shares at 23
[deleted]
SQ at open
I feel like the decade will be over before RKT climbs back to 30 lmao😔😂
Try them walberg performance inspired bars. Them vanilla almond ones with fiber and probiotics be hittin on a different level.
im proud of you son
I got the S2000, but looking to upgrade. Barely drive the thing...8k miles in 6 years
i assume they dont start before 12
Research: stonks go up.

Deep research: literally cannot go tits up. No risk involved.

AI algos: buy more calls, sell more puts.
[deleted]
You were a mistake
Where we at with ATOM
[deleted]
BABA $220C 12/31.  Sell today or ride till close tomorrow?
Are markets open tomorrow or not
Smart homes, folding proteins, Android, Drive...

They seem pretty busy to me...
Yes please
[deleted]
Maybe wait a few minutes. SQ has been dumping at open a lot recently
Very possible. I’m guessing end flat today.
Yes FCEL, we're going back to 12 today
I'm in 50 call Sep 17
My hands are diamonds, couldn't if I wanted to
Where the fuck is my stimmy
Yeah its surprising how many great picks will get mentioned once here and how many moderate LTI will get mentioned often, and how many shitstains will get spammed.
Gains are gains man. Plenty of people lost 40-50% the past two days - you are doing better than most of the people here so don’t kick yourself too hard.
Listen men we need you bulls today to buy and buy we can slaughter these gay bears together I believe!
Lets get it bro
/r/DalalStreetBets just does not have the same ring to it...
Why the fuck does ICLN go down every morning
I've heard of that one too. A great wsb themed game too
This stock has nope written all over it right now.
Not checking my portfolio today
Goddamn the struggle on the GME chart right now. Line doesn’t know to go up or down sometimes.
[deleted]
false but humor me since i'm in uni for it
Im not that bad, I just learned my lesson about over leveraging the hard way
[deleted]
[deleted]
it's about time fcel takes off
Bot
Scare tactics
Probably
Apologies if the question is stupid, but why should a company gap up with a short squeeze in the absence of any material news?
Reminds me of the scene in Ace Ventura pet detective where he’s explaining to the landlord once he finds the dolphin he’ll pay rent.
It literally dumped at open and rallied intraday for like 2 weeks straight...
Last update for you: B T B T just passed M a r a in share price. I'm taking profits today though and officially doubled my investment in a week. Remember doing extra dd goes a long bit. Whenever there is an industry breaking out always look for the small caps with potential to grow that are lagging behind mostly due to volume. Also I would advise against jumping on B T B T currently as I expect an offering soon and a drop off. Then I might jump back on. Cheers and good luck investing.
Something tells me you actually like ramen. 30 is fuckin bananas my friend
10 years = potentially 20 or more stimmies. BULLISH AS FUCK MANNNNN
At this rate,  baba will be $300 next week. Lmao
When the hell is he going to announce what they're merging with???
Cresco Labs, 
Trulieve, 
Harborside, 
C21 Investments, 
MSOS- US cannabis ETF, 
Green thumb industries, 
Village Farms (Canada, US, and Mexico)
I feel a sell off coming
Dude I don’t wanna join your forex scam my guy
https://i.imgur.com/B4Dq8pV.jpg
You’ll make so much money today, congratz
Ive been holding for months so I have seen some big swings
[deleted]
Cathie has started buying $SHOP over the last week or two. I bought $SHOP at $56. Worship me, autists.
RMO Take us to ev battery valhalla
Probly a glitch. Should hold your positions.
**I hope you all hit a big fat winner today and take your girl out for some raw fish**
Because he 🌈🧸
sell GME at open. you’re gonna regret so badly if you don’t
Post gain or loss results please!
Anyone that allows comments on their platform or publishes media made by users has to moderate the fuck out of everything or get sued
Bruh lmaooo
My 12/31 c died yesterday before I could exit. My 1/8 ain’t looking much better... I feel ya
Dude don’t sell it it’s going to $30 in January. Don’t be short sighted
Awesome! Good luck 👍
🚀🚀🚀
Holyshit I was right, RIOT is opening at $17 lol Niceee
Shout out Sunset Riders, would also take that
open the casinooo fasteeer, LAZR 12/31 34c LETZ GOOOO
After working on both, I would not consider tesla a downgrade vs a range
It took the government of the 2nd largest economy to cause a dump.
Husbands convert currencies while their wives’ boyfriends use Norbert’s Gambit
Just checked all my tickers, guess I'll just lube up now.
Lmfao you hate the future Nerd
[deleted]
Goev brothers today we shall rise
How the hell did ackman lose money the last 3 years?
🌈🧸
If you do any sort of analysis, it absolutely is a turn off for girls. Their small brains can’t comprehend doing research so they zone out and don’t care about it.

But if you YOLO and make $100k then they’ll love you. Well not *you* per se, but your money. But if you YOLO and lose money, then that’s the biggest turn off
What are you doing step bro?
Especially number 3 (from what I’ve heard that is - haven’t seen it yet)
#[Operation Warp Speed at a crawl: Adequately vaccinating Americans will take 10 years at current pace](https://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/current-rate-it-ll-be-10-years-americans-adequately-vaccinated-n1252486)

VIX calls
Oh look it's me again. Lost another 1k in sports gambling......I'm done ....
MT with its classic pre market rise then dip right before market opens
Bagholder here. Still waiting on my hat and mask...
At least you get shit like healthcare
Hopefully baba will be a safe buy today
What is big with Bill Ackman in the black
pre-market: wait for the dip wait for the dip wait for the dip 

opening bell: fuck it im buying
Green bc of green energy
[deleted]
Agreed
just donate your money to charity or something you’ll feel better about yourself
Memes. I am once again asking for your financial support.
Can someone here please confirm my bias
virus link
PLTR pleas fly again, why didn't I buy puts my calls r fuk 

Here, saved you the effort of posting this around lunch
Holding $GME till $100
Not like those comments are going to stir people large enough to effect market prices though
We dumping in 8 minutes?
ICLN puts for what date?
I research the shit out of companies I’m thinking about investing in but always settle in some random shit I see in the daily comments or random threads on st.
The company is garbage. They are 3 years from revenue. NASA says their satellites are too big and they aren't experienced enough to run them. This is vapor
12/31 SQ 212.5c

Sell at open or hold?
It’s going to dump and then run up half 🥺😩😩😩
❤️😩
Why is everyone so bearish?
Coffee, wsb, thinkorswim, negative P/L, in that order
No shit why would I want that spam on my front page
[deleted]
It prevents companies from being liable for things their users post on their platform. Trump wants it gone because some people have been vewy mean to him on Twitter
MVIS dip is free money
Yup. “I’m an investor” while driving a shitbox Corolla has a different ring to it compared to driving a 100k car.
Wash sale?
Allows Social media companies to not be responsible for their platforms displaying false information. 

News Sources require sourcing. 230 allows them to display media without it being truthful.  

Repealing it means FB, TWTR, etc has to verify what's posted. Would be tremendously expensive and frankly, not worth it for them to continue
Honestly I really like xl after the holidays
biggest nothingburgers

1. 2000 stimulus check
2. Presidential Election
3. Belle Delphine Porn
4. Brexit
Lol I’m helping my mom invest and already lost 3.6k
My robinhood margin maintenance says -$86,000 is this like accurate 🤷🏻‍♂️
We’re you not paying attention last Thursday? Fucking retard.
WMT calls?
GME is going down another 10 bagger today unfortunately
[deleted]
Yall are like family to me sometimes 🥺
We about to become his wife's boyfriends
This is the way
Get a card game called ‘cover your assets’ it’s great
Lol your calls are fucked mate
It went from $15 to $25 in a few weeks. Going to be flat and slightly down for a bit barring any news.
[deleted]
Is today finally gonna be a green day for all the spacs thatve been fucking us?
DUDE [https://iborrowdesk.com/report/GME](https://iborrowdesk.com/report/GME)
Does anyone know the date the last stimulus checks came out
[deleted]
Robinhoodpennystocks
Can you bears give me a morning pop so then I can watch you guys burn it down in peace
I’m going in at open
[deleted]
futures losing some steam, getting ready to dive at 9:30
It just moves a lot and the liquidity on cheap but crappy strikes is insane.

There are always quick plays with crazy IVs. It's one of the few popcorn machine stocks I play. It is risky but WSB is relentless.
Bearish in here. Might fuck around and not sell my calls because of it. Y’all are fucking retarded and wrong literally 9/10 times.
Oi oi look at this cheeky cunt going all in 😉 proud of you mate. First time I’m seeing a Brit here.
[deleted]
It always does
Seriously listen to this. Vitamin D is super important in winter.
[deleted]
Naked calls would be bearish. With covered calls you can potentially lose a ton on the 100 shares you have to hold as collateral.
I know awful. Evyetnjng nose dives and then the algos activate again at 2:50 every day
[removed]
Probably gap fill and go back up
but puts on your sex life
You downvoted me because of your own ignorance? Got I hate what WSB is becoming.
what
Yeah and you already multiplied the 40 hour work week by 4 to get months, you calculated 52 months you dumbass, and somehow still don’t realize it after correction, yikes

And your edit to write “amount in weeks” is dumb, just change the 52 to a 12 to fix it, come on bruh
[deleted]
FUCK PLTR🤮
[deleted]
Yes yes
Eat my dongus you fuckin nerd.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
We should really get something like this stickied here, considering how much money is in wsb, I don't doubt at all people try to artificially pump things here, something like $10k will easily buy you a LEGION of "influencers" from 3rd word countries, enough to artificially create the next GME 10 times over
Then wtf is a Santa rally?
They can suck my butt
The problem isn’t what 230 says, it’s what 230 doesn’t say. Needs to be enhanced to provide bias clauses so that 4 dudes in California can’t control 90% of the worlds media.
At some point you realize that you can use money to make money elsewhere rather than bagholding for years.
[deleted]
Y
[removed]
[removed]
Not the ones you would really like to attract
[deleted]
Ah, got ya. Thanks!
Same
Might sell GNOG just cuz the ticker is so ugly
####BIG if true
If it passes all the US tech companies are totally fucked.
Looks like investors don't want square to buy Tidal, straight drop since rumor
NIO let’s ride
This is all the DD I need
Boomers told me to buy the dip but it just kept dipping!
bought XL..$100+ next month?
It just went Guh
[deleted]
[deleted]
Cuz i have puts.
EV gonna go wild today boys. Get in
did anyone's stimmy check drop?
Buying some shares at open. Thanks for the heads up bru
It’s a turnoff if you have a regular car and a regular job. My buddy is far from attractive, he even jokes about it himself. But he has cool ass toys, nice house, fast cars, and day trades full time from home. He has no problem attracting women. But they’re also women you don’t want to bring home to mom or start a family with lol.
Stop doing that
Most boomers were working two jobs , building businesses, homes , and families .while dca’ing  balanced portfolios so their kids could eventually live in their basements drinking their own piss and whining when a stranger gave them a bogus stock tip.we had to dig through trash to get stock tips so you could grow up to spew trash excuses.
I thought the other DD said it couldn't go below $25??
The last day to lock in losses was yesterday.
Not sure when they vote one section230+2k checks but that is going to fail, they start on defense bill sometime around 3-5
bul is fuk
puts on your IQ?
Especially because they know its worth more in the future. Good companies don't have this issue, its not a one trick pony like Zyanga.
The algo selling at open gets old
Obvious rug pull is obvious
HSAs sort of work this way. Lower premiums, higher deductibles, paired with an investment account that you can contribute to pre-tax (like an IRA). Account can be used to pay for any medical expense. You keep whatever you don’t spend. You can also gamble those funds in the market if you’re totally degenerate.

It’s still a racket and the premiums are too high imho, but it’s the least worst option if you’re healthy and buying your own insurance.
!reminder 15 days
Never. This chat is not ever used to pump positions 

PLTR 50 EOY
CRSR 80 EOY
SPCE 8000 EOY
GME 2 EOY
Lol did the same thing
WHERE THE FUCK WERE YOU TWO DAYS AGO
Bitch you invited me 2 weeks ago to that shit sub
Investing news says differently
Rotation back to tech
It’s up almost 1% still....but I do agree with you
That’s why
Tracks the amount of shares available to shorts to borrow from 1 lender. So it seems that this morning, shorts borrowed ANOTHER 50k shares.
Is he also gon' to deliver it to me?
Just wondering, is it time to buy SQ calls or wait?
If you’re not first your last.
[removed]
Oh gotcha! Sorry, but used to talking to smart people like financial advisors 🤣
Lmao this fucker tryin to play us retards?
The ol dick twist !!
RMO going to $38 today!
VIX Calls

ICLN, TAN, PSTH, GME, PLTR, and ARK puts.

This is the way.
Just said fuck it and bought more board and card games off amazon since some on my wishlist are on sale. This time I got qwirkle and unstable unicorns to play with friends and family. Calls on my social life
Gents.... the rug pull has been turned into a rug push. Check back tomorrow.
prob all week - fast money said they're doing 2hr segments everyday = no mad money or j chill
you never got fucked by a fruit company mate? get ur puts out.
If gme doesn’t hit 30 today I will eat ramen for a week! I’m serious no cap I’ll do it! Because I’m true to my word and I’ll have no choice 😡
UK company. As a britfag can confirm UK sucks ass.
Wouldn't that be bearish
If rents such a bad investment why don’t you save the money and live on the streets
Arkk coming back
Pltr starts dumping😂😂
Talking bill Ackman on CNBC
[deleted]
Yup, see ya tomorrow dude.... fuckkk 🤦‍♂️
I don’t play FDs, but if I were I’d have to go with Apple calls expiring mid feb after the monster ER they’re about to have. Otherwise BABA. On the short side, NNOX and XPEV both have lockup’s coming end of Feb. stocks are likely to fall.
No, it was 5mil
Why you say this
Picked up some 01/15/2020 40c at EOD yesterday. Should print nicely today
If people hail it as the next (*meme stock)* when that current meme stock is already questionable.
There were lots of permanent bans due to people using gay epithets
$TSLA 

the slow bleed before open to a mini dump for no good reason to a slow drip up maybe up a percent an hour before close to a flattish close to cuck everybody
Why do I torture myself holding this Tattoo Chef? Just moon already
Mooning after NIO day
Cant be that great considering you’re arguing w me 10 mins before open and you’re here
It’s pretty embarrassing that I am filing for thousands of dollars in losses during the best bull run in history
[deleted]
Going to drop like a rock at open.
Today is a full moon. Good enough of a reason for my account to moon.
The mm selling you the options that expire worthless are able to evade taxes much more easily than you and me.
GNOG
Selling covered calls?
Feeling like I'm gonna get raped again today
Second this
Holding steady and holding fast, holding palantir to make it blast! 🚀🚀🚀
Why? You have to hold stocks a little longer than 3 weeks to turn a profit. 

Cutting losses at the first sign of a stock dipping is how you lose money.
GG MM EE ??
[deleted]
I refuse to lose that much on it, so hoping for one green day in the near future lol
The shit is weird
I’ve been surprised at a lot of things in my lifetime and I don’t think I made that facial expression whatsoever
Can someone TLDR section 230 for me please
so when this debate with mitch or whatever taking place?
palantir best case scenario for today will to stay at 25. otherwise it will only dip.
there's no way they will let that many people exercise those options
[deleted]
Sorry, not have'in it... I went BallzDeep in ARKG at 91 on the dip today. We'll see who's right.
BABA isn’t some penny stock. You don’t just dump a 600B market cap company.
I heard that X gon' give it to ya
You learned. Next time we have a 30-50% pullback, you will go balls deep, because stonks always go up in the end.
Anyone fucking with space phone?
On what catalyst has it been dipping? Demo day + Karp interview coming up. I bet these contain contract drops surrounding vaccine distribution/tracking
Cloud stocks better hold the line today
Shorts have borrowed MORE shares against GME. They’re trying HARD to keep this price down
Because I’m retarded. So I’m doing it today
 🚀
You think I dug any further? lol
As is tradition! 20 EOW
[deleted]
Y
it cums in assholes easy
What elephant?
Nice, it follows a predictable pattern so there are some plays there
[deleted]
Bankers hours. We’re lucky they even work Fridays.
It don’t look good today
Same.. f
I'm sure that people who unironically say "X is sure looking bearish/bullish" don't have their own agenda, right?
Why do you guys do that.  Why didn’t you buy baba 2 days ago?
[deleted]
probably covered call. bullish Theta play. I don't see a problem
Jokes on you my losses on pre split Tesla FD’swill levy my portfolio for generations
I love this market.
Why isn’t the duck allowed to sleep?
you can either invest in Hexagon Composites (parent company) or Hexagon Purus (the subsidiary). They both have market cap. of around 1B € and trade for similar share prices so look closely.
You missed d boat...that's all...
Because the poor west coast would have to be up at 4:30 for open
Kind of wish I’d held my baba 230/240 spread but we’ll see at open. Feel like it maxed out on delta gain and just has to wait until strike is closer to go up more
On what catalyst? Back to 20 EOW
Wanted to buy SQ yesterday. The FD is already up 55%
BABA gonna dump at open
My man
[deleted]
I don’t think I’d say it was chasing. I got in Apple before it pumped to 138 but sold for small gains the day before

I bought in the baba dip Friday and sold when it hit 233ish yesterday not thinking it would keep pumping

It’s more I sell too soon than anything
No ones cares about covid anymore
Thanks for the info, that does sound like we could expect some decent news.

I’m in for Jan 15th and Jan 29th so fingers crossed it prints 🙏
PLTR is a Citaldel fund to extract wealth from autists.
Protein bars = bad gas. Calls on Febreze
AAPL red today 

Also so many accounts that are under 100 days old commenting and giving advice 🤡🤡🤡
The ol dump at open eh?
I keep doing this thing where I buy high and hope it gets higher. Yet it always goes lower and makes me want sell.
Here’s the AMD pump before it descents into the madness of hell at open
I remember the good ol days when NIO didn’t tank every morning and then stay flat
Okay so go back there lol. Stop shilling your “sub” here
Alright lads, I'm going to Stocktwits to get some confirmation bias about who PSTH is gonna merge with.

Edit: Fuck me, it's Stripe!
I want art money
be nice i got in 242.4c 12/31 @ .47
Shit they waste 4 of those 10 minute videos promoting some other shit 😂😂😂😂
[deleted]
You think? I’m shocked there’s a sub for PLTR. I am a big fan but pumping nonstop it’s crazy. Pltr is not tsla.
I play bingo just for the foxy ladies 😛
After I told a stripper I trade stocks for a living, she never came back to my table.
If it doesn’t hit $2.50 by January 15th I’ll order you dominos.  No cap.  no lie.
How is azn stock not pumping
Using 69420EMA regression analysis I’d say about 100 end of 2021
VIX down, SPY up, that's the way we like to FUK
SO many paper hands in PLTR. 💎🙌
Velodyne having solid state LiDAR is extremely bullish. MEMS is old news. OPA and Velodyne’s version of OPA are the future. I think you need to do better DD in this sector.
Most funny shit i read today was „I sold apple calls“
Loss? You a bear? 🌈🌈🌈
feeling bullish idk x
good question
C'mon Su Bae, one last pump before the end of the year.
AAPL please go to 138
Just bought 30 more shares
Call them and remind them the rate is too damn low!
Why does the market open at 930, those lazy fucks on nyse need to wake the duck up. Pop a quick line. And get going. I’ve been working since 730..
Nothing yet
It's not.
[deleted]
Smart
TSLA had that little gap up. This might save a chunk of my ass!
Straight to earth core
My average is 21, so I’m good.
I’ll take won’t happen for 500 Trabek
whats a good FD call I can make that will cost $30 or less today?
Do what you want now, it most probably will go down all the way to 24.05, below that, I'm very sceptical
[deleted]
same, let’s watch the madness unfold
When I told a stripper I trade stocks, she never came back to my table
Sq and baba calls at open pls don’t FUCK me
[deleted]
[deleted]
So stop spamming your shit ass sub
[deleted]
Exactly what I do. I avoid any P&D stocks. 

Gotten a few gems from random comments here.
narrator: "he fell for it again"
You're getting 30 seconds - 5 minutes to get your weekly puts on PLTR, don't miss out

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MPDp6C_ERYA
Run the wheel on ETFs, they actually said.
Last week almost 100% in one day lol
Nah 30 would be news worthy. They’re doing it right by increasing a dollar or two every year as people don’t notice.
Sell & buy April calls asap
😂
What app is this?
260 eow- 253 eod
Good. They're a shit tier company. Still mad they shut down OMGPOP years ago.
[deleted]
GME to the MOON
[deleted]
Arkk does dip it’s collapses
Never seen this before. What is the chart representing?
Yes go post comments in a different sub
I will thank you very much
Sounds like you’re well on your way to achieving your dreams...  and this is the absolute best place you could’ve come for help...  welcome home
[deleted]
Eli5
Valhalla doesn’t come easy
As will I, comrade. It will be tough as I fucking hate communism but I'll make it work somehow 🇨🇳
Sorry. 70% over the last 6 weeks.
You sure??
You know small cap stocks are green because of all the retards buying penny stocks with $600 stimmy
mara is sitting on a share dilution form. they can announce that any moment so be aware.
Lmk if it goes through
No one received their $600 yet idiot
[deleted]
Hell yes. Pin this post! Do it for the meme!
Big loss if it moons.
Are stonks gonna be green cuz of no stimulus or cuz of the uk covid found in USA?
No shit. You invited me 2 weeks ago and when I went to look there was 3 people in the sub 😂
they’re projecting 2025 post-splits
I don’t think it has the resilience and profits he usually is looking for
Rocket down again you mean?
y not both?
BABA 260EOD?
15k lol
Why? is meme-ing illegal now on wsb?
\*$275
Baba better get us to 255 today
[deleted]
My point is there is no demand...
Fk, think I missed BABA. Planned to buy in Jan
It’s already to late if it’s shares(3 days to settle) last day for for options is today (1 day settle)
The government are lucky they have me to fill the hole in their tax revenues with all the tendies I generate 😤😤😤😤.
No
Yea. I have lost faith in my brother PLTR but I’m not gonna sell cause I’m not a pussy
go to https://www.google.com
then enter your search term

Thank me later
Woke up and there’s no stimmy in the account. Do we riot?
Should have set my money on fire instead
The fact that it's still unprofitable increases the risk of a share offering. If they show profit then it'll surge.
oh god. Opening is going to be a nightmare.
Yeah basically
Oopsie
BABA 270 EOW
I'd imagine that's already priced in
How hard is AAPL going to dump at open?
Lol thats funny bro
[deleted]
Added more calls I’ll keep buying the dip
ARKK don't fucking collapse at the open again. Plz.
Gme gonna rape most of our assholes today isn’t it ?

My bags are too heavy as is
[deleted]
See this guy gets it
When is xl going up?
PLTR small dip at open (like usual), 
then   🚀🚀
Embarrassing this low-effort shit gets upvoted but I’m not banning it.
BABA 1/8 $250C
Sell naked calls would be way better, unlimited risk!
Hooooooly fuck
Melvin/BofA getting desperate 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Not enough to buy even one TSLA share
I’m gonna be so mad if there’s no sell off, because I am selling this shit at open
[deleted]
Yeah. I was more referring to the people who oppose public healthcare specifically because “I don’t want to pay for someone else’s healthcare”. Like, you can definitely have an argument over whether or not it would be as efficient, whether or not private creates more advancement (it does), but we are all already paying for each other’s healthcare.
No
What’s going on with snow?
Lmfao
Bumble
What you mean PT?
Im bullish. 2k stimmy is going in Tim Cuck hands 95% of the time
WSB has paper hands
🔮🚀🚀🚀
I had a dream I lost all my money on a single call option. Good thing I have no clue how to use them
Now that the electoral college has voted I don’t see any way that this happens. Republicans have clearly shown where they will draw the line on helping Mango to pump their chances, and dicking with the Presidential election does seem to be one
On a whim, Disney. I know it's not his bag/forte, but at some point the old man has to look at something different than utilities/energy (ie Oil), airlines, and financials... right?
Just keep buying. If it does pop, just keep buying. Eventually you’ll be in the green.
There is nothing inherently illegal with causing a short squeeze actually.
Pltr green for few mins in morning then diving to 22-23?
its green... why did you use the red aapl emoji...
I'm not falling for this shit again.
Well CRSR will start running again and you'll see posts about it when it's up 200%
I have no positions today for my own sanity. Good luck fellas
Appreciate it!
Someone who buys stocks for cheap and sells them for higher
[deleted]
[deleted]
Trendies r printin
[removed]
Stonks go up.
QS
PLTR, 24.05 Elephant candle is a support. Watch it closely. If you see little movement followed by a GREEN candle, sell all your assets and load up on this.
Please see flair for additional information
more like there is no squeeze because we make so many shares available..

If we had all bought in cash accounts it would probably be mooning even through EOY bs.

You can still make RH swap you over if you aren't using the margin currently.
[deleted]
I bet pltr will moon mid day
[deleted]
Why do you autists love commenting this type of shit?
Never selling my pltr shares but also never playing weeklies on it again.
God damn lol
It's due for a giant green dildo after this rough week... I bought yesterday
sounds more like acid
!remindme 8 hours
[removed]
Yeah, that sound pretty good
what will be more hype ipo coinbase or robinhood.
[deleted]
Selling puts on MARA, RIOT, MSTR after dips is free money
Imagine thinking you actually have a following
DIIPPPPPPPPPP
But...but.... rockets??? 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Just means you'll be ITM earlier, all good.
>he has dirdy poosey
[deleted]
I know this isn’t allowed here but.... 


It’s the next 10 I’m mostly concerned about. We’re undoubtedly in a bubble. Who knows how it’ll end up but looking historically, I’d rather *not* be throwing the most important pieces of my savings into an overvalued market. That said, I’m still doing it because it’s entirely possible it just keeps rising with the Fed’s balance sheet, but I would just love a nice discount.
Oof ouchie
PSA: don't hold any positions through the new year if you're trying to claim an earlier loss for the same underlying security on your taxes this year and you rebought within 30 days
Could be a grey swan coming but nothing is for sure until the 6th
Yea I'm only stock so playing big tech doesn't really help when they are just so high already. Msft and aapl I would hold when I'm ready for more long term investing
I meant to as well but got distracted and then couldn’t get my order in before close lol

Happy accident for it to be up again today
Jesus Christ can’t believe [this ](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kmt41p/how_i_met_my_wife_and_her_boyfriend/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf) is the first thing on WSB

Tf mods ban this 😡
Thank God 🍏 apple is back
Puts on this guys mental health
[deleted]
Well, I might have to sell in a month or so when I go back to work for an investment firm. If I don't though and I continue to day trade I'm looking for something north of 120.
Venmo requested a dude named mitch mcconnell for $2000
What about in election year?
[deleted]
Did he love it?
Ure giving him way too much credit he doesn't have a plan nobody saw coming or he wouldn't have rudy g as his main man
i can tell you don't even have 25k to daytrade if you honestly just tried to say "I was flexing 40k" 😂 okay kid, also smd karma is gonna get you for wishing bad on people. Pos
Huh. It turns out you can just put words in any order you want. Thanks Mr. Rumpeltin.
Yep, you're too late to the party.
No. It would have happened by now.
Sitting here on my laptop with my dog curled up at my arm, we're all gonna be alright guys.
"600". 😂
Thank you!
At least the tires are nice. Good luck with the colour though.
Sounds good, going to try and sell my 21 at open and just ride my 19c just in case for today it touches it in AH
Now is best time to hop on the $ai 🚀

Artificial intelligence is the future and this shit IPO’d this month. 

Don’t be a retard
https://iborrowdesk.com/report/GME 


**HOLD THE FUCKING LINE GME**
Thanks for the DD. Went in 2 days ago with a small position and I am already up nearly +20%. Great H2 stock. Will buy more in 2021
😍
[deleted]
Dude the election is over. Get over it
PLTR is such a shitty stock to be in, good luck autists. Feel free to set a smug little remind me comment on this post to remind yourself of your failure in the future.
trying to explain to my landlord that rent is a terrible investment because I lose 100% of it vs GME where I’ll get 690% returns in the next couple of weeks. What an idiot.
Go back to bed.
If baba closes at 250 today i will join the ccp 👲🥡🥢🧧🥠🇨🇳
Wtf are you helping with besides the San Francisco homeless population
Valid concern, I’m confident that they’ll be 300+ in a year though so if I get a chance might buy more
BFT if you haven’t heard
GME is PLTR from a few weeks ago.

1.  Incessant pumps
2. Unrealistic expectations
3. Telling the Street what should be their focused attack
4. Massive underperformance relative to expectations
5. $$ lost

Rinse repeat.
Now or never. Going to jump like jumping things that jump today.
NVTA
Is there any reason to keep holding? Any reason at all? I know as soon as I sell it'll moon so I'm 💎✋
“As long as ya have a warm asshole 

You will always have a job “ - L2FMM 


“Put your pride to the side and go make your money “
How long is cramers vacation
To not cut myself, I buy shares. Frankly, the volatile movement makes me more money than slow moving boomer stock options ever will
It ain’t all it’s cracked up to be.
She can get it whenever.
Market not even open
Fuckin bearshare that takes me back fuck
Anyone still in Bingo?
Mods.
A $2T boomer stock and a newly IPOd pump and dump are two very different things
[deleted]
DAX died as well, I can’t see any news anywhere.
Ozon 🇷🇺
Plz fly again
[deleted]
Reliable 50-200% returns for ATM weeklies. It's a fun one to play, if you're playing close to the chest. I've never held for more than one night but I've made decent pocket change off this one.
Why would I downgrade to a Tesla if I could buy a range rover? Plus I can fit way more hookers in it.
It’s a great company, I just don’t think the model is very scalable unless they outsource training to contractors.
[removed]
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [Fast And Furious :: Pump It ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0-IhCLuvP9E) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0-IhCLuvP9E)⠀►►⠀ 2:46 / 4:09 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
Now that PLTR is a dead and soon to be delisted joke stock that gave half of WSB irreparable anal fissures, what's the next PnD ticker?
Don’t sell at open. Everyone’s gonna use their $600 on stonks 🚀🚀
Good RR here, read a few baba posts so did pretty thorough DD on this one too
Are console cycles like this not included I. The expected earnings?
Motley Fool? Is that you?
ZNGA is fucking dead
BABA >$250 EOD
Ok so find a powerful
Ceo like Tim cock who is gay 

And suck his cock and use that to network 


Use your Brain 🧠kid and put your pride to the side.

U have a warm asshole that will make cock feel nice 

Use it !!!

The fuck u are wasting your youth !!

Use that warm asshole bro
lmao, just thinking positively
>t reminds me of when everybody was insulting Tim Apple for not moving his stonk and now suddenly they all love him again. If you don't want him at the worst you don't deserve him at the best. That being said, 400 shares @ 28$.

username checksout
Hey Alexa play pump it ludacris
arkg 1/15 or aapl 1/29
[deleted]
IV too high. Sell CCs or CSPs
The app should be called Uber Fcuks.
 A joke.
yeah i bought some at open yesterday, kinda worried that too many retards are on to this play though and MM will try some bs
Idk how else to explain it to you. Gl.
Fucking mineral white. Looks like a Cadillac 😭
Tendies pleas 🪰 today
We are attaining the bag boys. My 104 dollar roth ira is all in GM3
No, it means that this is the last day of the trading year for them to push the price down. If you buy bullish calls dated for the 31st you will get fucked. Instead watch for price action to push GME lower and use the new low point as a buying opportunity.
[deleted]
Did the FTSE just realize that Brexit happened?
Yes
Not too late for RIOT she runs intraday
Except every other living cost has increased so that 1 SPY share back then was 10% of disposable income. Now that would be > 100% of most people’s income.
Good man.
I'm going to test Oliver Velez 20MA and 200MA 2 min chart strat. Wish me luck
[deleted]
Blackjack table
If SPX drops 3700, VIX will maybe break 30. Who knows.
BABA 🤤👅🇨🇳🐂📈 +3.04%
Depending on when you bought the shares you may want to think about waiting until you can get long term cap gains (1 year).
It is possible that the wise one, with his value as deep as the fucking Mariana Trench, has bestowed his blessings upon us. Praise be thy name
Right, but twenty years from now they’ll be buying the s&p at $2000.
Harder to get big returns when you have too much money
MarketWatch is showing -0.31 on DAX and -0.37 on FTSE100
Alexa play Hold the Line by Toto

This ones for you GME gang
How difficult is that considering the volume? Whatcha want a cookie?
Hmmm seems like they’re just waiting to buy back then. 1/22/2021 calls it is
Is it in that dirty ass beamer? Hope you recoloured at least.
Flair checks out
Sir this is a gambling page
The more people getting frustrated with PLTR and the more people in here exiting the positions the more I'm comfortable it will pump soon.   
It reminds me of when everybody was insulting Tim Apple for not moving his stonk and now suddenly they all love him again. If you don't want him at the worst you don't deserve him at the best. That being said, 400 shares @ 28$.
You will definitely regret this. God speed retard.
[removed]
Maybe I should just move to Russia 🇷🇺. They give 0 fucks over there. Snowden probably having crazy Russian orgies and getting free government money just because.
5 bucks for AAPL to plunge at open
TSLA stock holders, enjoy your $0.60 EPS this year.
Where the fuck is my stimmy nuggets
Well apparently you're a boomer now
GME shares.
I was out yesterday with my calls, made some profit and bounced lol
Username checks out.
They dont follow GME, they created GME
Pltr
I’m seeing -0.31 on MarketWatch
And there was a fire sale this year , on sale for about 220. Got to buy when no one wants to.
Now thinking bout 2023, strike 200. I had strike 75 until 2022 but those already too deep in the money, need to roll them over
Where can I buy from USA
I hunt for stocks that are infrequently mentioned here, and on other $ subs, then look at them, then repeat. 

If I buy or sell something, its a swing trade with a LTI potential.
Baba leaps have been and continue to be free money
Read flair
Touching 20
[deleted]
Everything dropping, GUH
u/SaveVideo
Easiest $20 PT ever
Guhstop
Prison purse
I have a june 30c i wasn't expecting a huge bull run but i figured we would be at 25 EOY.

Edit: only +28% past month
I like those odds 🚀
No FDs? Not even deep otm jan calls. OP do you even believe in yourself?

Sell your may ITM calls and buy ITM jan calls.
I have $300.  What should I invest in to recover?
My puts say shut up
[deleted]
Solid dd all in
Here’s the thing, no one knows how to use it that has access to it
[deleted]
Why haven't I bought RIOT FDs yet?
LETS CRASHHHHHH
RemindMe! 6 months
Riot gonna print today bois
Remind me next week
From someone who’s faithful on PLTR, I want to know why there’s people who aren’t. Did you lose a shit ton of money on it and now you’re just praying for it’s demise? I’ve lost about 7k from PLTR but I still know that this company is something that provides generational benefits for any company that adapts to their technology, and the ones that don’t will get left behind. Data collection is necessary for customer retention. 🚀🚀
Zoom out. We are going to ATH again soon
MT doing some things in premarket
Flair checks out
that would be sick
Finally went with the michellins? Good choice
[deleted]
You are mostly right... i only own T-Mobile, they have great growth ahead
Gotta get in before $11
Oooooooh laadeedaa.. Get over here guys look at Mr Tent showing off!!
Sounds interesting. I'll definitely keep an eye on it.
SPX loses 3700 how much fear will there be
I won’t. Primarily because I rushed in the past few days
Perfection
Chikfa la the type of guy that gets smacked in the face with a twisted tea can, picks it up, throws it in the garbage, cleans the mess with a mop, pays for the wasted one and then buys the attacker a new one. All while apologizing.
keep gamblin
i guess it's gonna be another shitty day huh
They already tweeted about it very recently.

https://imgur.com/a/zHIzhq0
[deleted]
Senates republican so I don’t know what they’ll do really at this point
Take emulsified vitamin D drops. You likely need 3-5000IU (3-5 drops) a day if it affects you this badly

EDIT: Buy the good stuff from whole foods or a health food store
I really feel the same or at least I hope so
[removed]
Good idea two days ago
Grindr cock
Oh shit they did too! Wtf!
Nah it will pump in January
Nooooo.
CRWD is making us all rich.🚀🚀🚀
Same, only 80$ luckily, but still.
in cathie we trust. im putting my life savings on the line
You should try CRM
" **hole the line** " - Ricky? is that you... said Bubbles.
I can see it, but no market data.  Is it 1 billion i USD total market cap?
With some exceptions, I'd say people with actual portfolios have better things to do than being a youtube moron.
Do you have shares or options?  It never seems to fall below 20 or go above 23, or at least not for long.  I've considered put or call credit spreads before...
Uh... you know how this movie ended right?
Dxy drilling
BFT - Blunt Force Trauma
How do I google?
If baba gets above $300 by next week I will literally get a full body Jack Ma tattoo...  like if you’re staring at me from the back you’re staring at daddy Jack

Edit:  I’ll even tattoo his huge throbbing veiny schlong running down my leg
I go by the “short everything he’s touched” approach to this sub.
At 62 who is this stupid?  I love the pathetic, obligatory “help me” disclosure at the end where he says he’s now a loser with just $34.62 in his bank account.

It’s either he’s in on it or Darwin is in on it.
[deleted]
[deleted]
everyday
With Verizon not showing any movement the entire year, is it time to go all in for Tmobile?
[deleted]
Word in the street it’s Microsoft. What’s your guess?
I made 2.35 an hour at my job , a week's work bought 1 share of spy , fast forward 30 years a week worth of work buys 1 share of spy.
I'm sure they've used Palantir's software to figure out the best way to make the stock moon. At least that's the delusion I'm clinging onto.
*Un
lol, dax -0,04% fcktard
[deleted]
No? I dont see anything.
Because he hates Black people
One ugly ass baby
Buy JIH
I enjoyed watching that for some reason
They’re anticipating a sell off by us. We sell off and they’re left holding the bags. They’re trying to get out before we do it to them
You mean Steve Baller
Sounds good
BABA 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀

Real talk tho I’m out at open this is tempting fate at this point lol
I’ve got 100 shares 🏳
stocks trade on future expectations not what is fundamental now.
Remember, just don’t sell and we won’t dump at open right?
Nobody gives a fuck what you called. Watch this sell off slut
🔌 🚶‍♂️
I agree. Still sitting on the 1k shares I bought at $19 and didn’t sell at $34 when it was still a meme stock.
Don't you know Pump it up, 
You've got to Pump it up ⬆️
Nah I road it from 15 to 22 and then bailed. Gotta catch these meme stocks when they are just simmering on this sub
MARA is funny pop today. Get in at the open. Dip yesterday went almost unnoticed. 30% by afternoon
Nice!
I’m trying dog
They are currently on back order FYI. Took a month to get them
same as above

also buy a nice triathlon bike
i don't think his cardboard box is worth 100k
Thoughts on BABA leaps?
Lol
Yeah that’s in 20 years though. I’m under 30, that’s almost 100% of my life. You think I have time for that shit?
When did you buy these
[deleted]
I learned Italian for 6 years. I can't understand fuckall what these 2 are talking about, only a few words ring a bell...

EDIT: Aight, so I can sorta get the core meaning. The first question is "what platform you using", that's kind of obvious, so the other guy starts complaining how our europoor stock apps don't allow options like RH, TDAmeritrade and Webull, so he asks for alternatives.

I could've copypastad into Google Translate, but this was more entertaining while waiting for the stock market to finally fucking open...
Imagine being rich
I would take mantits over an early cancer death all day
I'm 33...wait, we're considered old now? 😭
PLTR bulls u r fuk, don't come to market this year
Fuck off bommer!!!! 30eoy gtfo !!! Gonna be 30 by Thursday
[deleted]
Why can't PLTR just pay for some fake pump article like most people.
Flip a quick TSLA put at open? In and out??
You can buy ARKG tho
Literally free money.
It’s a jam bro
Ban
All I’m getting from this is buySPY puts
this dude got experimental grade bud
Cmon dude..
Thanks everyone for you opinions
This is true 

And if I wanna go outside I have to put on like 7 layers of cloths and I say fuck it I’ll stay home
All I've been seeing is Red for months
\>getting negative CAGRs to own the libs
investing in a cyber sec company that got breached. Can’t go tits up.
[deleted]
Another day of seeing every hype SPAC I bought into near ATH drill some more... :)
There's something to be said from YOLO'ing yourself towards an early retirement, but keep this little nugget in the back of your mind... you will never lose money taking a profit
Mitch the typa turtle see you brought a girl home with the line "I have a turtle, you wanna meet him?" And just sit there lookin dead when she pour the food in his tank.
Rocket’s losing its first stage, is all.
Outside?! REEEEEEEEEEEEE
Research it yourself
shoulda got hit in the face with a twisted tea
Anyone in here that plays GME buys high and sells low over and over again
Hamburger Helper is pretty good if you ask me. PLTR 🚀
Buy puts, the coffees not hot.
[deleted]
It will dump at open
Waiting for my Mich Pilot Super sports to wear and then I'll get 4S
Just like the santa rally?
Take some Vitamin D bro
Salesforce is actually hot garbage fuck me
Holy shit. Euro markets just dropped off a cliff
What if in 20 years they are like 

“ fuck u millennial !!! U got to buy at 371$ while we have to buy at 30,000$!!! A share !!
Wtf 

And u got to buy sq$ at 215$ now it’s at 4,000$ a share pre split !!!

Reeeee
All I know $CCIV-WT is printing 15% premarket lesssgo
Who are you?
I don't even like to think about RKT and NKLA.  Both companies have lost me so much goddamn money.
Gotcha
Gotta grab my darts and loosen up the old throwing arm
[deleted]
[deleted]
Reuters: Stocks rise into year-end on 2021 recovery hopes

"Familiar themes are still in play," said Ned Rumpeltin at TD Securities, "Today is a day very much of, where we've been is where we are"

🤪
2020 stonk headlines in a nutshell:

https://mobile.twitter.com/MarketWatch/status/1344274655776022533
Correct. Don’t listen to these retards. Diamond hands at least until January 14
She can come stay with me.
calls on Michelin
BABA means daddy in Turkish. Jack is Ma daddy.
[removed]
[deleted]
Why
idk it trades sideways most of the day and sees gains after hours. But don’t listen to me I have no idea what I’m doing
Revolut here. Europoors unite on behalf of our GME tendies!
Schrodinger's woman
[removed]
Buy one and find out. Report back.
Ah ok. Thanks. I have a 15.5 I bought at peak. Finally might be positive on today
Got in @ $29.5 shares only though
Up at 6am by choice?
Something seems off... they gave you a good faith violation but you think the account is a margin account with a greater than $2k balance?  If all of these are true... then one of them must not be. I’d suggest calling or otherwise contacting your broker to understand what happened.
dollar getting killed today
Just buy leaps
Fair enough...
Good luck retards, Im gonna go have fun outside 👋
I think it’s hilarious she thought “I didn’t understand the context” was a good excuse. It’s 2020 mama, you mine as well said “I had 4 black boyfriends and they never minded when I said it”
Ehh all brokers or at least etrade does the messages too. As long as you dont sell with unsettled funds youre good lmao
I said billions homie.
RKT is the worst stock ive ever witnessed
True. Leader of the free world, not so much
you guys better not sell at open
Nice
[deleted]
YOLO on GME and find out.
Saw an article yesterday that said January is historically 69% green. Calls it is.
Glad I’m not important enough to be blackmailed
[removed]
Honestly the single most effective thing WSB could do to fuck the 🌈🐻 is holding their shares in a cash account.
lmao i bet you have "bags" too. shit will be up a dollar or two today. idky everyone seems so scared. Im not in it but I might grab an FD
BITCH??
Just a general question. If everyone knows that this is going to happen. They plan to sell right before lock up and buy a few weeks after lock up. So then if that’s the underlying assumption, wouldn’t people actually sell earlier than the expected sell off to sell at a higher price? If that’s true, is this drop the major sell off?
Wrong sub dude try s/fuckedworld
Imagine not going all in CRWD at the open.
[removed]
[removed]
XL bags?
Apple 12/31 137c a good shout?
more sluts coming your way than you would know what do with
yo moma gae boy
No it’s a myth permabull idiots sell
I bet if you sent something like this (without the rockets) to the ARK Twitter account, you would get an actual response
Even with the numbers and the like still at the end of the day there is a “gut” check. Also tried WB and others valuation metrics and even Apple was op and a no go.
Congrats brotha
[deleted]
Yea cause dollar right?
morgan brenner has nice yits
absolutely no way
He trying to get a last minute squeeze to pull his calls out. 😂
Somewhere between $1-200
Yes.
Help
Plz america
RKT 🚀🚀
Fuck might crash again today
[removed]
I’m in. I like the play
Never get why people get stuck up against one stock. If it’s not for you then move on or buy puts. So many people were like that with tsla. ur actually giving me bullish confirmation lol
Yeah, I picked up arkg on the dip for my account and a share of arkg and arkk for my little mans account.
It’s bullshit 

u attract the wrong whore who listens to Cardi b and Megan the stallion 


U better off with a nice condo that u can fuck milf whores who are honest and horny off tinder and hinge 

Or lady bois off Grindr
[deleted]
Yes. His name is Andrew Left.
Should of did it beginning of wk, at this point stock
$46
Well maybe thats the reason they consider energy business and want to open the supercharge network to other auto markers
C'MON PLTR I NEED MORE THAN THAT
A second day of gap filling would be vicious. 369 FD at open to cover
I definitely need the money not a millionaire but have done alright past few years.
But nothing fundamentally changed about Intel. It was a “suggestion” letter basically where Intel was like “cool”.
Everything going to dump at open
TSLA gonna be the only one to stay afloat
MT
Diamond hand till its worthless
I think it could pay off but it seems risky
[removed]
Really? 🤣🤣🤣
2020 drove them to extinction
Your technIcal commentary might be true but her underlying thesis is sound and so for anyone holding longer than a few weeks, it’s still a buy
Why is tech leading again? Fucking dumb.
Fuck you bitch.
Well the author isn't wrong!

Article: "The chart that explains 2020's crazy stock market: Morning Brief"

EDIT: Here is the [link](https://finance.yahoo.com/news/stock-market-chart-of-the-year-2020-morning-brief-105422800.html) to the article that was being asked for.
[deleted]
Or just get ass loads of GFV like me! YoLO
It’s June 2021. The 2nd stimulus rally has ran out of gas. You’re laying in bed at 3:50 am desperately waiting for the premarket to react positively to the 3rd stimulus checks rumors because you need reassurance that your calls are going to print the next day.
no changes yet, contemplating changes
go pump it up.. we got to pump it up :D
Are we buying puts on all social media companies anticipating 230 repeal?
If you 🧻✋🏼BABA at the rumour they were about to be fined, then you will be undoubtedly be smug at the news you were 100% correct.

They've been fined around $75,000 🤡

BABA 🚀🚀
[deleted]
Anyone checking out Bio10^-9 today? Gonna write up a DD but it's already going crazy
🌈 🐻
I mean I wasn't expecting 30 til mayish but i figured we would be 25 by now
I wake up at 530 for work and it's dark, and many days I don't leave work until 4:30pm just as the sun is setting here in the winter

Puts on my circadian rhythm
DFV/RK is the real king!
CTRL + F "omnichannel"

2 matches

Need more omnichannel
Mitch the bitch.
The settlement date is used for any short position, so if you have spreads then it would be today (the shirt option leg)
Boys hate to say it but think we’re drilling again 2day
How is it too late? It’s going back to 300
Yep moving into a tent rn already lost my house
My name online was once JewcyJewce. It was loved and hated by all. Never got banned.
[removed]
Sexy as fuck.
How many of us here are < 30? 

Starting to get pissed that boomers and shit got to buy the S&P at like $40 or some shit. We have to buy at $372? Bullshit.

The only way to level the playing field is for us all to hold cash, quit buying the dip, let it fall, and then we’ll all buy it up. Boom. Wealth transfer. No taxes needed. 

I’m open to any cabinet position, Biden HMU i know you’re reading this.
If we’re talking $500m?

1: pay off debts of family members 
2: long weekend in Vegas for all family and friends (covid notwithstanding)
3: meet with smart tax people
4: buy nice house
5: devote my time to combatting urban poverty by funding vocational programs for trades
Oh really. The article I read said that he was arrested for stock related fraud. Thought there was no way it couldn’t be that.
Bet on yourself champ, always a win
[deleted]
give em the ol razzle dazzle
Wow wasn’t expecting this lol
Anyone think RIOT will climb to 18 today?
Too many crayons, and no rockets
oh fuck yes love the bittycoin
🤠😉👍
Bitch Mitch
CRSR OPENING BULLISH AF, next stop, $60. load up, this is not a pump and dump and im not holding bags.

~~^(Im holding bags.)~~
SQ bounces at $204-205. add more here. let’s party. SQ 250c 3/19/21 @ 9.80
Let’s go FCEL, let’s go!!!!
My whole Year is tax loss harvesting. LOL
600 McChickens
[removed]
pence. GBX is great british pence sterling. 

Yea I don't know either
Look at competitors like splunk, $172. But that’s 6 years of growth
Not even sure if you're able to trade this on your platforms. Please let me know
Hamburger helper helps hamburger, hamburger.
Everyone shitting on GME paper handed the last few days.
Imagine thinking riding GameStop from $5 to $19 results in a loss, you absolute retard
[deleted]
[deleted]
I agree
Any ideas for NIO's share price in the long term?
Account decimated?
[removed]
in his fist post he answered someone he has 5000 MT stock and 300 calls for June, probably more other Steel companies now
Ratings agencies are lazy and their employees are Tier II finance failures
[deleted]
PLTR will be back down to $17 before we know it where it will be kicking rocks for a few months
Did you just call us idiots for not reading 53 pages of IRS tax code?
I hate winter purely because days last like what.. 5 minutes?? I wake up and I'm tired after 2h -.- The lack of sunlight makes me an unproductive rat!!!

&#x200B;

nio make me happy and fly high
I'm old
Do perma 🌈🐻 actually exist?
I bought half as much but somehow am up about 39%... maybe I’ll hold and ride it red to get the tax loss
[removed]
How are your gme positions now, cuck. Lmfao 
REmEmBeR tHiS bEfOrE tAkInG hIs AdViCe!!!!1!1!1
Never bought a share in my life
Hence my question
kei depot gebühre und es het europawit die tüfste transaktionsgebühre. sehr empfehlenswert für de aktiehandel, für optione jedoch suboptimal
Are markets gonna soar cuz of bitch Mitch denying us money
This is probably the correct answer. Legit don't even want the money. Just like playing the market. Shit is like a real life video game!
Keep an eye on Ozon, big dick orders coming in hot
RIOT 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
[deleted]
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [Jan Hammer - Crockett&#39;s ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_UmOY6ek_Y4) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_UmOY6ek_Y4)⠀►►⠀ 3:55 / 5:53 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
Definitely lol
Keep the diamond hands and you won't regret it brother. We hold the line, melvin accepts his cuck status and covers his shorts, we party together in tendy town.
yeah, damn Ameritrade and their good faith message shit
Sure
Good call. Forgot about them
28 mins before casino open. Do your DDs now and plan
hold tight bro
I always keep Apple Leaps, 2 years out. It has been printing for many years
I always get giddy waking up and seeing BABA overnight gains. This LEAP is gonna be up 70% in 2 days, hot fucking damn.
The bill would have been voted down with no chance of passing if he hadn’t done this. He blocked a measure requiring every single senator to vote yes. If one person said no then it would have been toast. By delaying the vote he’s adding it into another bill which will only require a majority vote to pass. Notice how the market didn’t drop because of this?
I too have watched Big Short
Alexa play crocketts theme by Jan hammer
RMO if it dips
Someone make a video out of the order of comments. Like someone below me should start the intro and go from there and hope it don’t get ruined lol
My Michelin 4S tires finally came in yesterday. Going to get them installed now. Couldn’t drive how I like for a month. So much grip so sexy
What do you all think about going all in on baba weekly at open then selling EOD
To be fair you'd still have some time to get out with the $20 floor intact if you dont like the company.

Once it trades real close to NAV before the redemption vote you need to get out asap though.
This is WSB retard
Pornhub Premium
Or the opposite.
Do more PLTR put credit spreads. Literally free money
ARKG largest holding is in pacific biosciences (currently around 25$/share), bio.nano genomics’ platform outperformed theirs and is significantly cheaper (1.70$/share). Please can someone tell me why ARKG wouldn’t rotate some of their cash into B(i)NGO and why that stock isn’t set to continue to moon 🚀🚀🚀 bigtime ?
I have been tellin this but wanna think her as a prophet..it s 2020 ffs, every retard made profits in this market...with all the insider info she gets from all the companies 20 percent increase she does is nothing
Gme
Come on Nio show me that retard strength I know you have. NIO day January 9th.
My god, who are you - so wise in the ways of public service?
Sure man, sure.
I enjoy reading the porn comments though tbh
Fuck whoever told me get in Ocugen, lol I knew that shit was dumb, good thing I only put in $30
[deleted]
PLTR quickly lost steam in its premarket pump. It's like the last agonizing moo of a dying cow, nothing left to do but let it die and throw it in the meat grinder to turn it into hamburger helper
my thoughts exactly, then again og dd said it was a 3-6 month play
I feel it in ur nuts too
[deleted]
[deleted]
SPAC mania pls continue until at least July 🙌 😩🥵
Are my NET 12/31 85c fuk?
Is the Dollar crashing thru the floor again or am I just imagining things?
Who’s Peter theil?
[removed]
Rocket power
[deleted]
/r/povertyfinance is calling you for life lessons
What do you mean? He's on indefinite break.   


Any good channels for tips? Low stocks going high or vice versa?
Is there some way to buy calls on wallstreetbets subscriber members? Subscriber base absolutely mooning on wsb

[https://subredditstats.com/r/wallstreetbets](https://subredditstats.com/r/wallstreetbets)
Haters gonna hate. I will call you out next months. No problem
Stop chasing. Buy options several months out so if there’s a bad day or two you have time to recover. Don’t buy if the stock is at ath.

Or just buy shares.
From one hand, to another
Almost like the market is designed that way to shake people out.
YOLO TSLA and PLTR leaps
It’s part of the process when you buy 100% shorted stock. Only paper hands will lose money. It’s been like this since September
whatever you can afford... just go for 31st..
~62 times a trading day?
[deleted]
If you hate money
Miximan doesn't understand CinemaSins references.

PING!
U ok homey?
Damn dude riot black chain bros.......that was the play
[deleted]
robinhood bell and i almost came with joy
 \*+ my stimmy hurt ++ :( \*
Selling either at open or by afternoon, still undecided but im getting rid of them today since theyre a bit otm (19 and 21c's)
Wipe my ass with hundred dollar bills
Don’t get scared by the pussies selling before the year ends. 2021 is filled with unlimited tendies 🍗
Learn your alphabet first
Hmm.  I got cancer when I was 29 when I was running and lifting every day and was eating keto.  I was a swimmer in college, not a smoker, not much of a drinker.  I was about as healthy as someone could be, besides that cancer thing.  Sometimes shit just happens man.

I almost died because I thought about things like you're thinking about them.  I passed out 4 miles into a Tough Mudder while I had undiagnosed stage 4 cancer.  My doctors said my heart was ready to stop beating and probably should have.

You should go to the doctor at least annually, even if you think it's all good.
Of course, we lose our shit after 1 red day in 2 weeks 🤣
Bear tendies
[deleted]
Same
Crazy to see Ballmer in there!
[deleted]
He’s not 100% right. But look up Mithril.
Palinturrrrrrr
Paper hands.
Are you a dildo?

People are loading up at every cent dipped. Gamestop just announced they will be selling astronaut suits. Connect the dots retard.

**^(Disclaimer: I am a professional and this is financial advice, buy GME or go sleep with men.)**
Question regarding the financial crisis: people shit on the banks for doing all that bullshit to make big cash (which is understandable), but at the end of the day, isn’t it the rating agencies fault? I mean it’s their job to note that it’s garbage, but they didn’t want to lose their customers so they just gave them the rating they wanted?!
BA wit da BA da bang da bang digeee digeee
Yeah I got a 250 and 260c both for 4/16 I'm holding for a few months to sit back and watch it print lol
Easiest buy of my life
Hey hey hey, I smoke in my living room like a god damn civilized degenerate
I know that its the country itself. I live in Italy and we pay 26% and by looking at you neighbor i Say fuck off with your 0% Capital gain taxes. Seems like a paradise to me, get me a residence there lol so i don't have to pay 26% of my gains
Peter Thiel has touched me in naughty places.
[deleted]
It is not like Trump and the GOP are necessarily the same ideologically. Trump basically hijacked the party
All we need is one catalyst and this dumpster 🔥 will go kaboom
Hold strong until jan 14
I was listening to yahoo finance yesterday and they were talking about how square is only accepted in 5 countries or so...so much room for growth!
What on earth am I looking at
Should I sell my pltr calls for a loss and recoup by dumping into nio?
Thank you!
Yeah she’s spicy
So you’re telling me I over paid @172
I bought shares at 28.08 and sold at 28.47 

There is not try.
Nah. This stock was around 300 just a few months ago
Sir this is a casino
Fuck fuck fuck first I sold Apple one day too soon and now my baba 237.5s I sold for a loss in the morning yesterday I fucking suck at this
Baba in launch mode. 300 EOD 🚀🌖
ZUO on sale yesterday buy in while you can
Thank you this makes me feel better
All getting Bojo haircuts.
oh wow you profited, shut up
That was the part of his bran that was working
Boo!
This is the meme stock of the century.
if netflix charged an activation fee of like 30 bucks people would never cancel
That sounds cool.
> when does the run up to earning start 

**IS +70% OVER THE PAST MONTH**

Maybe you missed out, champ?
They gonna smash Q4 earnings
I realize that; I meant you’d have enough money after mortgaging your house and going all in to buy a second house

Edit : I am not a financial advisor
.76
jp morgan sends their regards
[removed]
This is the way.
Gonna need some hookers with that travel
With the nickname "Jk", we gotta go all in on GME.
What would you call someone at bang bros buying or selling stock based on non public information?

'INSIDEHER TRADING'
I would literally kill myself lol you're a bigger man than me
Reply back and say you would like to schedule an appointment to view the mess on June 5th , 2021.
Get fucked bear
New Battletoads was great!
I mean... Yeah but having travelled a lot its not all its cracked up to be. Probably don't speak the language, don't really know what to do or where to go. Just follow the same tired online advice of what to see etc. Bit lame.
We go to war together 💪🏻
Corn eh
Not a bear but got puts squarely at the bottom on BABA. Figured it would fall one more day before rocketing back. Don’t try and time it I guess...
I thought my almost 3000 apple was bad but 🥴
Buy some nice golf clubs, a nice membership, and relax for a couple years. I suck ass at golf but it would still be fun
Genius Sports has her titties out again
Then short it and show us screenshots
Ya retard he posted a screenshot of his position which was for 56 calls
Holding feb and may itm 17.5&20c. Still up but lost most gains
Fadingg
That's not true, just that we run with multiple QBs and they're all rookie first-draft pick heisman trophy winners who think running and shotgun plays will continue to work in the NFL.
Yeah I’ve been anticipating that as well.
Haha agreed. I like chicken genius Singapore , he doesn’t have any promotional discords and paid stuffs like that.
Same
Honestly I would buy up a bunch of land and plant some trees
We’re cheerleaders for the Chicago bulls
[deleted]
Yeah but things changed this year as every platform Is turning to  0 fees for trading. Try trading 212 for stocks and tastyworks for options!
You need to learn about fiscal years.

Several companies have already started their 2021 fiscal years.

Q1 2021 for one company could be Feb-April and Oct-Dec for another.

EDIT: There is conflicting info on GME's fiscal year -- it looks like the earnings report earlier this month was Q3 -- regardless the next earnings report is late March and NOT next month. I hope you didn't make any call/put decisions based on assuming that.
I don't mean buying a second house, I mean pulling equity out of my house to sink into gme
Can’t wait until their options expire worthless tomorrow. Imagine buying fucking video game blockbuster shares at $22 LMAO
Bro zoom out, go to the 3 month chart or something, all it does is bounce in between 20-30
RMO let's do this 🚀
hey retards, in the U.S., TRADE DATE is the basis for tax year determination, not settlement date like I keep hearing you fgts claim.  So no, yesterday was not the last day to trade for tax losses in the greatest country on earth.

[https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p550.pdf](https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p550.pdf) chapter 4, pg 53

[https://finance.zacks.com/stock-sale-reportable-based-trade-date-settlement-date-9690.html](https://finance.zacks.com/stock-sale-reportable-based-trade-date-settlement-date-9690.html)

you idiots will regurgitate anything you hear, do your own dd
Ye
Not a bad choice. I would also hop onto Square.
It all adds up.

Ore > Steel > Rockets > Moon.
[deleted]
Holy fuck are you 12
**BABAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA**
Leaps. I have a place for everything. M1 for boomer plays, TD for judicious plays, RH as an R&D account 🥸
It has a solid cap at 23. Just never 🌝s. Hoping today is the day! 🚀
I hear he'll triple his position if he gets 3k upvotes 🙄
Meme & Shitpost is now a combined category?does this assume garbage tier shitposts are removed by automod/ vote bot?
Nope, not happening.
XL MAY 21 30 OTM: $5.45   ?
Not if they give up and buy PLTR dip 🚀🚀
Geez gave me anxiety just thinking about when I used to do that. Quick way to triple your account or lose it all lol.
Yup 😭😔
Stfu
Looks like half of Wallstreetbets has given up on GameStop. Gonna re-enter pretty soon 😄
I’m rooting against that bullshit stock I lost a ton on calls
https://i.imgur.com/GCCfMLp.png 

Can anyone beat that?
Returns secured
Travel
Jumped ~3x recently. Is overpriced. Crashing down as investors lock in gains.
If it goes to 133 that means correction for whole market imminent. Go away bear
[deleted]
Why am I sucha lil bitch holding positions...bought the BABA dip like a boss at 218, but then sold yesterday at 234 like a paper handed pussy
Teach me how to use them
Congrats:)
“Buy the hype, sell the news” 

Yeah man i’m sure there won’t be a massive selloff right beforehand
TDOC running out of room in those Wrangler’s 👖
Why such humble gains? PLTR 90 EOY
How many inches?
I'll bite. Maybe do a spread.
That would be fine. I see some people with options in January which is crazy soon for me. I hope you do. Good luck.
I’m new to this. And will not touch anything saying margin with a 10 ft pole.
Imagine if 600 will be in GME gift cards
If u sell for peanuts today for the love of god buy back in before moon mission tomorrow
Same people who comment on porn sites
Both QS and RMO are EV battery companies that went public via reverse mergers with SPACs. QS increased >80% day one of trading and hit a high of $130 less than a week later
Can you stupid fucking degenerates stop smoking weed in your moms basement my APHA puts are about to expire
Look up "pump and dump"
PLTR bulls can you smell it in the air?

A big, huge bloodsoaked dump is imminent.

$19.99 by tomrrow
Man wtf is up with MT, they open +.45 every day then just slide down all day for weeks. When does the run up to earnings start
This is facts. Wsb attracting too many dudes that pump once (chick or stock) and catch feels
IV was like 1.75-2.50 for a lot of options so it takes some serious movement to make it worth it. Sell cash secured puts 2-3 weeks out and you can make some money next time it pops.
24
Dump nio so I can escape these bags
Ban
Was he vaccinated though? I don't think I caught that in the article
Goodnight sweet prince. See you in 2024
Nothing, for most of us :)
Wait, if you mean about the taxes, then that has nothing to do with the platform but our version of the IRS. It's just tax law.
Ah shit you’re right. Still bullish though lol.
Why would you do this. Terrible idea.
Get ur lube ready PLTR bros! U already know what’s gng to happen today
Teams could exist within the threads themselves. Flair denotes team captains.
Why didn't you get 150K in BABA shares yesterday in PM?
Pltr already fading 😂😂😂
Can someone explain wtf is going on with pltr
I secretly eat Mayo on my fries too. It’s my hidden shame.
I agree. He used to be my go to youtuber when he first started because he would go through the company's fundamentals and the business model of a company. But his content became repetitive ever since he got famous. Stopped watching his videos already.
Thinking of hopping on Plug at open. Anyone else?
Do you guys ever think... If you hit an absolute 73838388283838 bagger and made billions... What would you actually do with it?

I obviously wanna say hookers and blow but the though of hookers has always made me cringe. Maybe a nice house or something...
What type of person leaves comments on WeBull?
Buy more, Cathie promised us riches for those who wait
It’s gonna get lower, buy calls tomorrow
thats almost as gay as GME
Almost time to chase the dragon, baby.
msg me when tsla is at 700. im going to bed.
I bought.
So much better when things go up a lot all day.
Every legacy manufacturer is coming out with their own EV pickup in the next few years and XL Fleet will be obsolete. Doesn’t make financial sense to drop $20K on a mild hybrid conversion when that’s approaching the cost of a new EV. This is like investing in Redbox during the day of Netflix. Sure, it fills a void, but long term is always questionable.

Instead, look at Canoo ($GOEV). I’m heavily invested in it.
[deleted]
NET bounces to $200 today because why not
But it is about to be 100% of their losses
No
[deleted]
Ban
Yesterday was the perfect day to buy into FCEL. They are going to go back to green
The way you guys use the . and , is stupid.
>PLTR

So what's our next meme stock anyway?
I was just informed of Degiro. When I openend my account a few years ago my current platform was the cheapest option.
Srsly, I rewatched this 17 times already, each time pondering the meaning of life.
I’m afraid of green futures now
Nope, I can buy a ps5 at Walmart.

It’s priced in.

Even with all of the changes that guy wants to implement, they won’t offer anything that isn’t already available on the PS/XB online marketplace or Amazon. GME is a failing store and it is going back to $15.
[deleted]
What made you think last week when going back to all the DD posted months ago it said June?  The message was always not to expect a squeeze in 2020, where'd you get that info?
Never been all options on my RH, until now. The quiet before the storm is so soothing
Nope
Not gonna lie, I’m in shambles. I need a win today boys.
[deleted]
Just wait until we have socialized medicine where you pay those premiums in taxes and also get DMV like health service young Jedi 🤣
My 10 270c 19 Feb have both feet in the grave.  Down 75%.  Mama always said I liked to learn the hard way.
We just need to be the ones waiting for them to chase the ball over to us
Wait, I need to have it be divisible by 9?
Now that is a term I have not heard in a long time.
DIS 180c 12/31
Just buy with unsettled and hold for a few days as long as you don't immediately sell it's fine
UK should try a tier 5 lockdown, im sure that will help. Maybe CA can provide some tips
INB4 dump
GME is a beaten mule.
Thanks brotha
[deleted]
Good luck! I closed out my PLTR about two weeks ago. I’m still losing money, but now it’s with new stocks.
... the true sport of kings.
Ah okay. Well, glad I see in your comments you aren’t down too much now. Hope you recover! I’m down 10K myself from the September 2 crash and the election. Was down over 15K but slowly recovering. It can be done brother. Good luck.
Ryan pleas buy again
[deleted]
this man is brilliant.  Borrowed 100k. lost it and now has a nice capital loss to write off against any gains without doing any work?!?  

&#x200B;

A new leader is born!
If arkk could stop dipping and stay green that would be nice
Personally I'm looking for some.   
 P-Diddy style shrimping vessel
738384838373884827482838
thousand
BABA
We’re asking for proof (*screenshot*) homie but I know you’re illiterate so I forgive you
Yes it was previously trading under ticker RMG as a Spac Rmg acquisition before the merger vote. Merger vote was confirmed yesterday and today is first day of trading under new ticker
Is this Latin?
I thought the squeeze was going to happen last week. Now the goal posts are set for JUNE 🤡
You gotta love 2-player beat-em-ups. They don’t make it like that anymore
never sell, hold to zero
I wouldn't say so
What FDs we buying today?
Sure
Get in
[removed]
I really hope not. Here is a rocket 🚀 for good vibes
hell nah
It’ll be money in like 2023 though
So fucking good. The retarded "I'm not selling posts". Fucking love it.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Baba mooning baby
The last 2 days I would pick out the options multiple times a day and hit preview. Then just glare at the buy button. the severe sexual trauma that resulted of my last encounter with baba left me hitting the back button every time instead. 😭
Funny ass meme 😆
They do. Look at dd and numbers. -.-
pltr fucked my life
You mean the one you blew up trying to short Palantir?

PING!
You’re not retarded you’re just a pussy
GME bagholders re-assuring each other, how cute
[deleted]
Who
Ah I feel you. I bought the ARKK / ARKW / ARKG / ARKF dip hard yesterday and today. Atleast you aren’t invested in shit and they will eventually bounce back.
🛶
Unsettled cash can suck my dick

Edit: holy fuck which one of you tards just gave me my first award
No Q4 earning cant get out before q4 is finished.
How long you holding RIOT?
Look at me. I’m the QB now.
Thats not how it works... on the other hand you can buy and sell the same ATM option. With the immense volume there is no way to prove bribery. You just try a few time until you guessed the right direction.
Probably not.
[deleted]
You know how little kids play soccer? That’s WSB following the meme stonk du jour
Wsb plays in the XFL not the NFL bro lol
To $250, catch it at open or first dip
140
amen
New ATHs. Weekly OTM SPY calls.
[deleted]
Tier 4 lockdown
Its gonna be a green day boyss
XL biggest piece of garbage
Fasten your seatbelts ladies and gents
I asked for a cheap options play yesterday and someone told me RIOT...I laughed. I am a 🤡
You sure about that. Options already available looks like it’s been trading for over a week
Maybe for a little while, but profit is profit.  Better than eating a loss.
12/31 160C
Honestly the fact that people don’t realize that private insurance still means you’re paying for (or getting yours paid for) healthcare for other people infuriates the hell out of me. 

My health insurance is $200/month, same as my coworker who is undergoing cancer treatment. Not her fault, but we are paying for her cancer treatment.
Admit it you’re always looking for red rockets outside of wsb 😏
[deleted]
What’s it like being impotent
[deleted]
>As close to itm and as far out as you can afford.

this
AMZN gonna charge today
Instructions unclear, Lost 20k on Tesla spreads
Lol
One time I had too many open options and it was too stressful. The best way to make money is just buy Tesla calls and squeeze your balls as tight as you can.
Fuck I know right
I have a High deductible plan and I've never ever hit that deductible. Pay full fucking price tho.
new news? or buy the dip?
You're right, I'll actually be trading with three times that...
[deleted]
$14
Why is Britain dumping
I thought it did work before but I wasn’t sure. Glad it’s working again.
Another day another chance to make enough money to buy the Double Dragons arcade machine
Uhh.....next earnings is March dude. Q4 earnings was earlier this month.
Really? Thats not good. Find another trading platform!
Too long, can you give me a shortened version?
Mitch the type of guy to unplug someones life support to charge his phone
Gapped up at open, only up about 2% intraday after I bought my calls.
[deleted]
BABA 250 AAPL 140 FB 280 eow speak it into existence
What's your email? I'd like to send you a lengthy email, pictures included, of my PLTR posistion.
Blockbuster worked because there was no internet. Redbox works because some people still don’t have internet. Once pretty much everyone has internet, redbox and blockbuster will be buried next to each other.
It’s really nice when your stonk is on the “making moves in premarket” banner.

Sometimes it’s not.
Hello fellow europoor 🇾🇪🇪🇺
Papa Elon vibes today. TSLA beat delivery estimates 185k actual Q4 vs 150k estimate. Just do a boomer stock 5% run today to 700$ 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏💰💰💰💰💰
This guy FUCKS
Cash to buy dips is almost over. 400 shares @ 26,40. If PLTR jumps above this I will sell a bit to buy again the next dip.
That is horrible :(
What are Bonds? Sounds like an extinct species right?
Too late to get into BABA?
I’m so fucking happy the spam is gone. They’re all downvoting you lmao.
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/jmsmistral the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Can’t have one without the other
I don’t have a ton of meme stocks. Profit taking hurt. AI and arkk are down, NET is down, crwd, sq, all took profit taking dips.  Not worried about shares, but a couple of calls didn’t work out.
missed out on QS ... EV battery company Romeo Power begins trading under ticker RMO today
I'll tell ya hwhat
Don’t think so. Haven’t heard anything about it being retroactive.
20
How many blowies and handies have you given out in the past 5 months? Hope you have enough ammo now for the market
It’s almost like health insurance companies are a middle man designed to take your money
Won’t do shit. If they had exclusive rights to sell consoles it would, but they don’t.
wut happened to it? was so good, now shiet
gamestop is like mitch mcconnell, doesnt want to give me its money
Good catch, I only found this with Bob Swan saying they were in talks with TSMC and the call would be made toward the end of this year or early next year

[https://semiwiki.com/semiconductor-manufacturers/292359-intel-tsmc-update/](https://semiwiki.com/semiconductor-manufacturers/292359-intel-tsmc-update/)
Hmm yeah you’re probably right, thanks! I think I’m holding for another week and if it doesn’t go up by then I’m out
We have breakfast though
No, how about you apologize to Cathy. How dare you sir 😡
Nothing new to report on PLTR right now... i own PLTR also...
True
Hold till tomorrow when the $2k stimmy gets passed and BABA reaches 150

Thats for my weeklies. I've got some a month out I'll be holding till exp because this is going to moon
What time are we meeting to get in line at the soup kitchen?
Just look up Jaymes the stock guru on YouTube, retired multimillionaire and early investor in Tesla and match group, stockguru.us, his students are buying Ferrari’s and paying off their mortgages with the things they learn is his masterclass. Only needs to plug the class 20 times in each 10 min video...
[deleted]
Wouldn’t surprise me to see BABA end around $275
With a that much money consider leaps instead. Not sure which brokerage you use, but there are good options profit calculators out there to help you size up a position's risk/reward. 

XL contracts dated out 6 months to a year are more expensive but safer as you have more time to recover value in event of a crash in price.
Needs more rocket emoji.
It can still be a symmetrical triangle, but only if it turns today
He’s one of us.
Considering that they all do exactly the same thing then pick the one with the best management team.
True, but the trade must still be worth more than the fees to make sense.

Also, that's only true if they don't consider your trading to be a source of income rather than personal wealth management, which can happen quickly if you don't hold stocks for more than a year, or even if you just trade some options.
[removed]
200
Mickey gonna fuck- Stay at home and out n about winner 🚀 190
As close to itm and as far out as you can afford. 

Make money. Don’t lose it.
Yikes..... don’t do drugs kids
Psh I want 30 it’ll end up at 24
He has posted his position in previous posts. If I recall correctly I saw him with 56 calls for $MT with April expiry, don’t recall strike I think $25.

Personally I have 35 calls for $MT with March and April expiry, $30, $25, and $24 strike. Currently down $1000 on those 😩
Rotation from GME back into PLTR
LMFAO GO SOLDIER SAVE US
Mitch the Bitch
It’s a choice to be a bear. Pray it away bro. You can’t gap your own ass hole and then be embarrassed by it when we notice
Oof, an overused meme from 2019. Burn.
Unemployed folks are about to receive 300$ for every week of unemployment since the 600$ ended? That seems like a pretty bullish thing. My money is going right in the stonks
I should have left it alone this week
Why say that then? When you say “X is not going to happen before Y” you’re implying Y is a catalyst. But all it seems like you’re saying is Y is just a time marker. In that case PLTR won’t pass 30 until your wife’s boyfriend fucks your ass for New Years Eve. He’ll do it before fucking your wife and see if he can get you to stick a plug up your ass in the meantime. He needs to fuck your ass to make sure you pay your rent next month, but he has no incentive to do so until New Year’s Eve. Dude is a sociopath, but it also makes him the greatest master of ass fucking of your time.
They been dead for a month
[deleted]
Cmon Apple let’s do 133 today
Elon probably liked something on twitter
Whenever someone asks me for stock advice, I try to give them a sophisticated answer but little do they know my strategy is to look for the red rocket emoji on wsb
Ackman is a piece of shit.
My trades today still reported in 2020 if I buy/sell? A wash sale held over night will be on my 2020 1099?
Find other plays.
The new games are pretty good too, however you have to cheery pick them.
My first $1,000 loss was on ACB shares
[deleted]
💔
We bleeding again today boiz?
Share some more videos man
Do people who ask retards heavily invested in a stock for a good strike expect an unbiased answer?
[deleted]
Yeah you dont really want to buy the top but you do want to buy this dip.  Get in under 20 and you're golden if you plan to hold for a few months.
Why no price target on the bullseye?? $420.69? 694.20?
AAPL
Want to drop another $150 on GME. Best time is 30ish minutes after market open to buy, correct?
50
Adventures in the life of a county commissioner in a rural county: I just got an angry email which was about 8 paragraphs long from someone because there was a small ridge of snow adjacent to their driveway which “may” have been caused by a county plow truck. Pictures included. 

And, like, what do you want the county to do? Pay to send the plow directly to your house for a do over? My god, this country is full of little baby whiners. 

Not you guys though, you guys never complain under any circumstances.
[deleted]
Hardest lesson in trading is patience
DIS to 190 by EOY 

BABA to the Moon 

GME to 30 by Feb 

RIOT FD's bought yesterday will print. 

Bears always and forever Fuk 

Let's get this bread today boys
[deleted]
Date?
lol Drillstop
While I LOVE this entire post and it's very true about the pump and dump gang, I want to point out one thing: 

Steel might be real.   


I think the real big problem is the YOLO'g.   


10 years ago I bought a penny stock at $1 and forgot about it for like 5 years. Come back and it's $10 and I had made a bundle. But I've been burned on many more penny stocks.
This could be the day OZON flies, heavy buy orders rolling in
[deleted]
Can't wait for their Subway Web Service platform
gme is poop
Only if he gets to censor the fuck out of the internet
PLTR eod?
Getting loaded up on caffeine, antagonizing bears, and losing money at open is the new morning routine.
desperately trying to be cool.
Yeah I figured.
The market will limit down. It will halt. Then it will limit down again and the day will be over. More than $500 usd will be lost from Robinhood accounts forever
the hookers ass would be facing the right way and I would be facing the wrong way 

It's all just semantics though as long as I have the holy trinity I don't care which way I'm facing
ARKG already fading 🤡

This shit is going to the 80s isn't it
Precisely LMFAO
RIOT keep going bb. 17.5 at least
🐻 shill
He put fourth an offer last night
[deleted]
You just have to be careful about the decay on it, if you wait too long for a pop then you can get caught bagholding
Please post again with positions in the submission this time
if you're in GME the last few major DDs still stand:  expect a rocky road with momentum after next earnings, everything has told you April, June, or LEAPS for calls but shares preferred.  Daytrade if you want but there's a reason why Deepfuckingvalue and the rest aren't out yet
Only heard PLTR🚀🚀🚀
He said. “Oh free money.”
delivery numbers on the 4th... make sure to ride through that...
I'm a bot. Recent empty self posts, noob questions, and spam which people were temp-banned for. Bans are 1-2 days to discourage posts that ought to be comments.

User|Post Title
:--|:--
/u/AntonyReplica|[Buy Kainos](https://redd.it/kn0il8)
/u/kirurg1|[Can someone summarize wtf is going on with $GME??](https://redd.it/kn0q3n)
/u/hamishwhiteside|[Earth2io Referral Code 8J423NX7O3](https://redd.it/kn0xs7)
/u/huiledesoja|[Give me a goddamn EU broker to use](https://redd.it/kn13z2)
/u/redsox06355|[Make real money by following event driven investing](https://redd.it/kn19tm)
/u/Ais_4|[Microsoft bought Sony](https://redd.it/kn1fti)
/u/cemokojo|[PLTR insiders selling](https://redd.it/kn1m8c)
/u/LeapingLudo|[More WSB press](https://redd.it/kn1w2l)
/u/bluechiphooker|[HELP](https://redd.it/kn2i7f)
/u/ladiesman134|[What is the tax percent for the profits from stocks sold? Is there a transfer tax?](https://redd.it/kn2kuq)
YEAHH!!!

4 THE POORS !!!

600$ Apple air pod Max here we CUM !!
When does Buffet's secret stock purchase become public?

And when will $SCI announce their new streaming service?
But you fuckers don't pay taxes on Capital gain...
Huge dump from 9:30am-10:30 est
So are they going to learn from Blockbusters mistakes and release a streaming service?
So how many days does NIO have to drop directly at open before I start loading up on puts at open?
Sell those calls and buy shares
[deleted]
Fubo today = big green candle cock
True, but...... I got until the 15th to hope for 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
-15% incoming 😔
🅱️⚠️🖇🔨❗️ 4️⃣ 💲🅿️📱Ⓜ️Ⓜ️ℹ️🆖 3️⃣♏️📵🃏❣️
[deleted]
Doubt money dont make money
Is Mitch The Bitch gonna agree to $2K stimmy?
Gonna be a BABAillionare at open
You might not think of Hank Hill as a role model or favorite character but it's a fact that he taught you how to be a better man whether you give credit where it's due or not. 2008 would have lead to a far worse version of 2020 if it weren't for the butterfly effect of Mike Judge existing
I have shares....SHARES of chipotle that are up over 1,000%. Puts are always a terrible idea on chipotle. Why not short a shitty company? Why play the game on hard mode?
Username checks out
[removed]
abnb 155 calls at open. mighty cheap
Not today - Cramer was mentioning WSB by name a week or two ago. The sub got INSANELY spammy since then.
Samezees
GME is the perfect example of FOMO buying at the top. Glad I didn't get a huge position but hey, lesson learned.
Lost 5x the money they actually have because they used margin. Assuming you know what margin is that should make sense.
Only like 2x
[deleted]
Profile settings, there’s a place for options. If you don’t see it try changing your experience level.
Peter Theil is a prophet 🚀🚀🚀
My account doesn’t have them unlocked, I only have regular option available to my account and it keeps denying me an upgrade
Hoping I can dump mine today
what's a good pt for baba 500 or 5000?
Hit the select button at the top
Honestly, as I was typing it I thought "wow what a retard question."
playing a dip or do you believe in shop long term?
looool.
That wasn’t Monday and Tuesday ?
Your prison ink is legendary
Until Jan when the q4 earning come out lol
Already realized my gains ninja, where have you been?
I feel it in my bones, today is moon time
[deleted]
May just save the world
It’s been a favorite of mine for a couple years. These last 2 months were brutal, it’s nice to finally see some daylight.
upvoted for proper colon health
Dwd guy knows his shit
It doesn’t *make* him look like a toad
He *is* a toad
Cramer was not on CNBC this morning.
Thats good. Leveraging to the eyeballs is what makes it fun
Mitch the type of guy to stop at red lights in GTA
[deleted]
Can’t you hit “select” in the upper corner?
I have a good feeling about these Tesla calls today
This is what I sub for
This is the only community I'm a part of so I'd like the Gods to help me anyway.
Edited my comments
absolutely no part of me is "happy" about any of this; however i do patiently wait for another March. something so confirmed about looking at those old posts with all the comments about how only a true retard could not profit during that window
When GME bagholders get shit on i would bust the biggest load ever.
12/31 FDs
Cathie is bae....you know we bought that dip mama
I’m looking for one with hail damage, trying to get a good deal
Already down 25% in 2/3 days. Should have sold yesterday if you were going to panic, selling now is just terrible strategy.
these fucking 4 day trading weeks keep fucking me.
Owned a Westport was a great value
Did you accomplish anything on that 5 month trip?
[deleted]
Welcome back bb
Thanks buddy - this is good news.  But it don’t help my PLTR calls :(
me and my 15k in calls say, probably not no
BABA still has lots of room to climb.
Indubitably.
Taxes.
No spaghetti here...just mcdonalds

Bloody yankees
DBX and RKT 🚀
Mitch the type of guy to buy you scratch offs for Christmas, but they’re all $1s
Yeah, probably will do that. I only got one contract or else I'd sell one and let it ride a bit.
I posted my indicators up in one of the comments. I wait for confirmations based on them on a 5 min chart. I also use support/resistances and the 20 and 200 SMAs.
If you’re real confident in BABA just convert it to a spread and lock in some profit
Bag holders unite!
Buy a share with the profits and hold it forever, less risk and infinite reward that way.

Like a trophy.
Alrite lads PLTR up \~2% premarket, you know what that means.
If you want a non retarded answer, not taking 100% gains is greedy and dumb af.
Don't tell him.
There’s margin yeah
Yes, you're right man.
In on the squeeze with shares i see
Got my 3/19 @22.5’s ready.
Hey hey hey now! In my defense:

1. I show my portfolio
2. no clickbait
3. I actually go through the FS/MD&A of each company
4. I do use Tradingview because its free :s
5. I don't say 'not an advisor, for entertainment only' ...
6. I own the stocks I recommend and I show proof
7. edit - I'm not selling anything to the viewers: no coaching, no courses
depends on what you're actually blaming them for. I don't blame people for the crimes committed against them. I do blame people for putting themselves in the position to be harmed.
Guess I’m Mitch then.
I am in the same boat. I graduated in 2018 and worked full time through 2019 and 2020, live with my parents, still on their insurance and all that

I used TurboTax and just answered all the questions and it had me file as a dependent

My parents did not/could not claim me as a dependent, but I got screwed out of the stimmy anyway

Which sucks because I desperately could use those checks, would cover about 1/3 of my losses to stupid options plays
🤣 big true
Really need to work on boosting my annual income to $1.8M in 2021.... Show me the way fellow WSB autists! 🍻 

May your diamonds hands print today and may BABA, PLTR, GME and TSLA go to the moon today! 🚀🚀🚀
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [&#39;Most men didn&#39;t bel](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=etTIA-amYi8) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=etTIA-amYi8)⠀►►⠀ 3:14 / 4:51 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
Weaker milder version of the same virus, yea nature sure is something huh?
What the fuck is the government supposed to do then?
If i pay taxes, they are supposed to do shit for me. If they have money for another defense bill, they have money to actually help americans when its important
Took a 5 month hiatus after blowing up my account. Guess who’s back and ready to do it again
Zero debt and cash flow positive with patents that could revolutionize an industry with optimal tax environment over in Israel... people are sleeping on this 10 bagger
>	Ackman ascends into the sky, chest swelling as he gathers his breath, then his jaw unhinges and his voice booms 

🎶 FIVE DOLLAR 🎶 

🎶 FIVE DOLLAR 🎶 

🎶 FIVE DOLLAR FOOTLONGS 🎶
This is exactly my point lol. Baba was up 6% yesterday and you made 25% gains. That’s terrible.
Tru
[removed]
Not really how SPACs work
Whats a good strike and expiration for baba leaps?
Roll into April 240/245
Be careful today retards lotta weird shit goin on and we’re approaching the end of the year I’m seein a sell off today
“Of course you don’t get a stimulus check asshole, you were claimed as a dependent two years ago!”
Wonder what the IV crush on RMO is going to be like at open
PSTH to turn subway into the next amazon
Alexa play images of BBC by Africa
Blockbuster had video games. 

GameStop is Blockbuster without movies.
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [T-Pain &quot;Classic Man T-M](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VzQTcQ8-kmg) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VzQTcQ8-kmg)⠀►►⠀ 2:48 / 4:13 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
Mitch the kinda guy who downvotes Mitch the kinda guy jokes
Yeah I've been hovering in a 5k range. Pretty boring tbh.
I hope not, those newtards were annoying as fuck
🤣🤣
No one ever went broke taking a profit brotha
You’re a day late, sorry to tell you.
I don't get it. So, yup, more margin.
Alexa play classic man by t pain
That's exactly what I'm showing in the chart. If longs were exiting/taking profits, no reason for it to suddenly stop at SSR, they can still sell at bid (on down tick).
Joe Kernan panels = train wreck
Tis true. I’m out here in the U.K. and the GameStop we have out here isn’t the best used place to say the least. But just for self affirmation purposes. 50k in 2021. Hahahahaha
WOOO! 600!! 
I dont have it yet but i withdrew it to robinhood today so hopefully it comes soon
[removed]
this weeks traditionally good, expecting etf and mutual funda rollovers to make tomorrow an amazing day for bulls.
Just bought a 1,000 of each
My calls are desperate for a move like this
[deleted]
If it gets there, yeah.  Baba isn’t really that interesting of an investment for me.
What do I have to put on my robinhood profile to unlock spreads? It’s annoying having to individually buy each option in the same stock with my level 2
Big facts
Noooooooo 🔥🔥🔥🔥🥃🥃🥃🥃🥃🤣
[removed]
Up 16-17%
yes.
No one with yacht money talking about “best value”
Paul Allen’s Octopus.
Which news?
They are literally the worst
the gods help those who help themselves. don't make retarded plays.
Taking my shit early so the market does not go to shit.


You're welcome.
My CRSR 40C 1/15/21 need this to jump. I want 100 EOW
At least $1200
Lol. This is gonna hurt.
That sounds like something Mitch would do
Did they really ban you for 69 days? What did you do - create a new emoji for mango or sleepy joe?
GameStop is just Blockbuster for video games
Not calls but stocks:( I buy the dip and it dips again
Yes. the people of wsb know all about yachts
If you’re looking for a value yacht, you can’t afford a yacht.
[deleted]
They've been saying eoy
That’s what your boyfriend said
I’m glad I’m old enough to remember when NFS was good
When $PSTH brings SUBWAY public they're going to announce new chicken tenders. Just wait for the profits boys.  
  
I'll eat the 12" tendie sub all day.
$ETCK??
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [Counting Crows - A Long Dece](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1D5PtyrewSs) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1D5PtyrewSs)⠀►►⠀ 3:16 / 4:55 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
$49c 1/8/21
LOL no. Bought at open yesterday with IV around 40. Up 25% by close.
Am I gonna feel retarded for taking 100% profits on these February BABA 235c?

Disclaimer: I'm trying to rid myself of paper hands, but I've donged myself on holding too long many times.
[removed]
Nobody tell him

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
you’re right, $500 is prolly considered a fat stack to them. broke ass parents smh
I picked up 18 Jan 15th 250s and 15 July 16th 300s
Shit. Guess i’m buying ARKF - never thought i’d say that lmao.
indeed. diamond hands for heavy bags hehe
Dw stimmy will bring our fallen brothers back
alexa play a long december
We want chiliiii
Reads like a corporate pump piece.    
      
If someone paid you to write this, out it all in FEYE OTM FDs and post your positions.
What strike price? Weeklies?
Anybody know what is the best value 100’ yacht? Looking for that James Bond villain kind of style
Where do you buy this? Cant see on RH or TW
Melvin should just give up their GME position and buy the BABA dip. GME is not even 1% of their portfolio.
How is this going?
GeT rEaDy ItS hApPeNiNg

It happened because we all thought everyone we know would die if they got it. We know better than that now. Sorry your puts won’t print bro
FDX with the upgrade. Think calls at open is a good idea?
ARKF got baba yesterday.
message received,  Baba 💎👋   🚀  🚀  🚀  🚀
Did it curdle. It definitely did. Mmmm chunky coffee yogurt.
1/8
[removed]
Time to harvest some fucking losses boys!!
they were never really alive
😂
ARKG let’s goooo 🚀🚀🚀
[deleted]
GME pleas fly again
Xi is asleep so actually nothing can go wrong
Thank the fucking lord someone said it
I knew Luke very well. Super healthy guy. Absolutely shocking.
How stupid is this cinema commentator on CNBC
Thanks! Thinking some baba leaps are my next move.
Stimmy will be direct deposited into my Robinhood account. It will be my responsibility to lose it on PLTR calls
🌚🌘🌗🌖🌕🌔🌓🌒🌝
Bro I tried to be a sellout but no one is buying
gonna tat it on my cheeks
[deleted]
https://cnb.cx/3nY2KOl
So if the person controlling my similation could stop trolling me and actually make me have some succes, that'd be great. 

I'm sorry for deleting the swimming pool staircase, that doesn't mean you have to do it to me, asshole.
sell the peaks buy the dips with gnog
It's like 2 clicks on Vanguard. How do you make $150k + and not know this?
[deleted]
The vaccine should work against it though. That’s the difference
Why’s that, got any DD? Just out of curiosity?
No, I pulled it straight outta my shit chute. 

I definitely didn't point out any key factors and like I definitely didn't link a complete chart in "support zone" hyperlink 

BTFD!🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
How the fuck did you get it twice?
So... how dead are your CRM calls
250 300
Wait for Subway with PSTH. Tendie town.
Up 5%
I didnt know about this, but am definitely looking forward to it now!
Odd to you, not to them. They made a fat stack $$$ from you
183k deliveries can 156k estimated
Staple Moon emojis on my forehead please.
IKR? Theyre changing banking. People are super bullish on it. Lets ride together man!
[removed]
And my ARKG
Which fund got the BABA? W?
[removed]
Congrats! What’s your next move?
Victim blaming is kind of a logical fallacy though

Like if I walk down a high crime street with gold chains and a sign on me that says BIG MONEY MAN CASH IN HAND

Are people going to say don’t blame the victim when I get robbed
Yes
**\~Tl;Dr\~ Buy LOW, HD & AMZN**
Bruh what the fuck
No. Fuck jim cramer.
wow yeah we're actually the govs little cumslut
LAZR going to fucking 🚀 today after tsla news
Lol seriously, this sub has devolved entirely to pump and dump again. It was like this about a year ago too. Mods got it cleaned up eventually but there is some pretty blatant pumping going on here again
Haven’t seen a heavily upvoted “ViX gOiNg To 50 EoM gEt OuT nOw!” post in a while, which actually alarms me.
Remember December 2019 and January 2020 "this virus is nothing to worry about"


Now it's sounding like "this new strain is nothing to worry about"

Get ready is happening
Heavily relying on CRSP.
You mean the strain that is still effected by the vaccine? God you are justvas bad as the fear mongering media
Its 7x better than normal porn.
There’s still plenty of time to play BABA. I saw it yesterday morning and thought, “fuck I don’t want to get caught in a FOMO situation.” I loaded up on calls at open and now look. It’ll keep climbing back to 350. Still time to get in.
Buying baba at open what can go 😑
To infinity and beyond 🚀 🚀🚀
dude.....I almost bought calls yesterday...im gonna buy some opening bell...square has more room to grow.
My puts are dead. Chipotle up 2% on nothing. Fucking Christ. Should’ve sold them yesterday when they were up 190%. Fucking idiot.
Pleas fly UVXY
True, Cathie is our queen but she isnt perfect. She did load up on Baba yesterday though, so hopefully those bargain basement baba gains will balance out ARCT loss
Every Mitch picture makes him look like a toad I swear
This retard prob bought at the top - that’s why he’s making this post.
It’s more than two senators.  The 🐢 wins majority leader unanimously from republicans.  Only way is to have the republicans start holding their team accountable.  Once that happens it’s tendies for everyone
NIO lead the way
Do you have a moment to discuss our lord and savior Mr. musk...?
I've already got 10k set aside. Expecting to pay around 8k. Good looking out though.
You son of a bitch, i’m in
Kid woke me up at 3:30AM. Decided to check BABA on HK. Was too excited to sleep after that.
TD Ameritrade because I’m not a loser like you ma’am.
I was not a dependent on 2019 and filed my own tax return. They incorrectly looked at 2018 when I was a dependent and based on that said I don’t get any money.
Sp?
SQ eod predictions?
Sometimes I just break up weed by hand and put it in the bottom piece of my grinder instead of putting it in the top and grinding it up. When we all have robot arms I'm probably gonna miss doing certain shit with the ole humanhands
You could've just asked me for some buddy 😉
Sir, this is the unemployment line.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
[deleted]
Give that shit to IN and IL. OH doesn't need any more of that. I guess maybe just Florence.
Would it matter if I wasn’t claimed? Parents said they didn’t claim me last year but maybe they did and didn’t realize or something
F

Unsalted butter
Is today finally the day it rises and doesn't crash back down to 0%? Premarket's looking good!
Drink it black you pansy
Very quiet here this morning, there is a lack of autistic screeching and rocket ships - i’m pretty sure this is what happened.

1) People saw WSB on Cramer / CNBC

2) They came to WSB, saw people pumping GME / PLTR / MVIS and just started getting all retarded and YOLO’d in them

3) Blew their accounts up, now they’re gone

Such is the circle of life here at the Wendy’s Casino.
Sell off at open the past two days. Hoping today will break the cycle.
Are u sure u posted this in the right thread?
Eu China trade deal
Baba 💎👋 to the moon
Yup I graduated in 2008 , took me about 8 months to find a job for like 29k , it sucked, but I think many will have a tougher time. I'd love to work from home again, but my current job is lax enough it doesn't bother me too much.
Pay the tax man
F T I V anyone?
Vote Kanye
I’m gonna risk it all in NIO weeklies
[deleted]
Don't be in high school
As we countdown to 2021, continue to preach the truth to yourself: "Diversification is the last refuge of the incompetent."
Because I sold $47 strike calls for 12/31 and everything I do is wrong.
It’s doing penny stock things
You....Whore 

Actually...Me too
Yep. Idiots fucking around with pltr and gme while ignoring the easiest buy on the year yesterday.
That was published at the same time speculation was still ongoing about TSM and Intel; can't find anything about a deal being reached.  The article even presents this as basically leaks (Insiders talking to Taiwan newspapers), from some time ago.  Anything recent or confirmed?
What strike makes sense for DIS 2022 and 2023 leaps?
I’m the one selling the calls to these degenerates
Soon™️
Now take your shirt off.
Buy NET for May
[deleted]
And you can edit a typo. No fixing a loser like you.
I’m holding my 12/31 pltr calls until they either print or expire worthless
Us trade deficit in *goods* widened

Bullish
... do you also poop on your dinner plate? You know the rule buddy.
Sir, this is the unemployment line.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
It’s because the MM were able to get their cut of the pie through the IPO.
If you were claimed as a dependent, kick rocks. Im in the same boat
nah
It just happened to me today. I deposited into RH twice yesterday and both transactions pulled from my bank this morning. It didnt used to be this fast.
Buy the NVTA dip
Palantir, 30, today or tomorrow. Remember it's not a lie if you believe it.
You know the Vince Mcmahon meme? That's my face progressively seeing the increasingly numbers.
Show me what you bought. Prove me wrong you have more than $10 in your little Robinhood account
Can Ameripoors only trade shares if they have enough to actually buy them? There's no leverage or anything?
[deleted]
In a traditional IRA you get to deduct it from your taxes though so that’s straight cash back into your pocket.

Who really cares about iras anyways, can’t touch that shit until you are on deaths doorstep at 59
I made 40k this year trading option. Big shout out to dwd guy for talking me off cliffs on bad days. Thanks to poppa elon for providing most of the tendies. Shout outs to MGM, BABA, CCL, FEAC, AMD, FCEL and a few others for tendies as well. But mostly thank you to all the wonderful autists here at wallstreetbets. Yall changed my life and helped me have so much fun while doing it. God bless this place. I hope you all have an amazing new year.
BABA
I must have positions in the other 5% that’s going down
Date?
Yeah thats the non autistic way of doing it
Fiber is the way dawg
More now. I bought the BABA dip.
They do. They also have carmakers producing EVs, but the EVs coming out of China are pretty impressive and better than a lot of what is being produced by other countries.

Sure - there will be challenges (e.g. stigmas that Chinese cars are junk), but I think this does more good for the China market then the Europe EV makers
Since it’s low right now, means buy??
B F T, It's in the name.
I’m 21 I think one of my parents claimed me on their taxes for some odd given reason which is why no stimmyw for me
[deleted]
About to go vote. Will vote for whoever personally hands me $2000
Why not both?
1 day is all we need
Wait. Is that a real thing?
Joe Keenan what a fucking boomer “I played golf with Alice Cooper!”  Dafuq Joe.
MT gang lets fucking go!
 imagine imagining GME is going to moon today 🤡
Don't forget to remind your viewers that you aren't a financial advisor and the video is for entertainment purposes only!
Coffeezilla is the 🐐, watching him comb through the heaps of garbage and expose internet scumbags is v satisfying
Rip
oh yea dude. this thing is gonna tank like the fuckin titanic
Seems like asexual EOD, but next week hoping for big volatility
If you hate money.
$FIBR calls 12/31 literally free money
Someone here works there.
They took a ton out of my paychecks
[deleted]
Would been one if Mitch didn’t nut up
Almost year end, fellow Palantards, I'm sure you didn't lie to me about $50.
yea buddy
Nice sentence ha ha What are you 12 with ten dollars in your account?
Another day, another no DA from thic🐝 

😭
Let’s go BABA let’s gooooo
He also followed a random DD
yes and those losses keep rolling over
So that triangle the boys shilled was a descending triangle
Be honest here. You did it for the porn, right?
Hey check GME again
Didn't say it would. But it's definitely not getting to 30 before the stimmy. Big difference.
Lol you got me there
PSTH is on some fuck shit again premarket before inevitably selling off all day to 26 then reset. It’s gonna hit 30 eventually. Just impossible to time the shit
Arkg leaps or double shares on margin?
no you didnt pay taxes in 2019

edit : graduated in 2019, paid taxes but claimed as dependant, worked full time in 2020. will get neither check cause fuck me thats why
sell baba at open?
Dude I don't disagree with you on safety, all I'm saying is that Nikola is the Hindenburg thats gonna explode and be irrelevant next year. But maybe Titantic is a better image for you. They gonna file bankruptcy sooner or later. They didn't just exaggerate a little, its fraud through and through.
2000 ASAP!
It is up in premarket. This raise is essentially paying the bondholders, who are getting like 50% annual return on their corporate debt
You think it’s going up?
I sold after inclusion, was hoping it would go back to 600 so i could buy back in
[deleted]
[deleted]
Seriously. Two fucking assholes from the hills shouldn't be able to hold a nation hostage.
Puts on EA. Their NFS Remaster makes me so angry 😡😡😡
https://archive.is/NqLLk

If he's telling the truth just wow
## ERWIN DANCHŌ
whats the hot take of PLTR boys, today our day?
Yes. Truly not the WSB way.
They should’ve just direct deposited stimulus into RH accounts. Cause that’s where it’s going anyways
Sell Nio and xpev at open or ride for one more day?
How do you have monies?
This is from their website. They had Shareholder Event.
[removed]
I don't think the shorts can sell today because the stock dropped more than 10% yesterday. If it falls today, it's just the longs being paperhanded.
And that’s why I might just fucking hold
Semd me a dm
Been saying this for a while, get out fast. PLTR has some good long-term investment potential (1+ years) but currently has nothing going for it. They're not making money, they don't have any short term gains, and the stock jumped like 3x recently and is currently overvalued. Now everyone's selling. Come back in a few months if you want to invest in it again, it'll probably be in the 15-20 dollar range
This isn’t risky though
same, heard bank of china bought heavy yesterday
[deleted]
Correct
How you fall in love with a chick and not know if she’s taken

Anyway she’s a crush and what you’ll do right around here is take every bit of hope, fantasy, about her crush it. Stop giving a fuck and ask her out
You son of a bitch I'm in
Has this sub returned to being a pure pump and dump forum again? Lmao all I’ve seen here this week are huge stock positions in stupid companies
Beeft
Sniff REALLY hard as she walks by. If you get a whiff of semen, she's taken buddy
I sold puts only for the IV crush
0 cause we donating it to GME to improve their earnings
I'm sorry, anon, but I have to !remindme 8 hours
It’s going to be so gay
[deleted]
95% of the market has been going sideways for a month. When will the boredom end
Right at the bottom before the moon mission?
Could I do this? I turned 18 in November and have yet to file taxes but am a legal adult
You know you don't have to watch?? You can even stop them from being in your timeline.
[deleted]
Thought it was an aggressively managed ETF
I bought 235c’s expiring on 1/22 yesterday 5 minutes into open and the IV was 38 so idk what options you were looking at
Show her your posts on r/ajelqforyou
Tesla and Luminar’s Lidar sensor. Let’s gooo.
So who got they stimmy!!!!! More calls on Baba!!!!
My clock still says 2020 so my trades still count for 2020

https://finance.zacks.com/stock-sale-reportable-based-trade-date-settlement-date-9690.html
Have you tried 100% portfolio on puts
I know how this works out. 

Hallmark card ending, or #metoo / fired for sexual harassment in the works.

Yolo.
The fact that I bought rather than comment like I know what I’m talking about is all the proof there needs to be.

You gigantic loser.
just opened an account with Guardian Trading made fat gains yesterday the platform is the real deal
Few days late but I will pray for your tendies.
Gamestop makes $38 profit from every console sold.
Lol 😎
Explain to her about your tendies and gauge her reaction. If positive whip out your mozzarella stick and she’ll love it.
Hold on to your asses for one more day, GME gang.
Lol
That’s a very aggressive strike
it will juat trade sideways for a long time, so yes
PLTR TA is starting to look like shit... :( last chance today to turn or i’’m fucked...
Both senators from Kentucky love butt fucking 🇺🇸.  Might be better to just nuke the state
[removed]
I got spreads because of the IV and one weekly. Wish I had bought more weeklies because it's ITM. What are these better plays?
🚀🚀🚀
APHA just bought Sweetwater 420. Name a big publicly traded US pot company?
Ohh gotcha,  I just got shares
Bang her boyfriend and see if that makes her jealous
Hold
Bought and sold yesterday. I’m an actual retard.
The stimmy is not sending this to 30
How else are we gonna hit $100 by July?
GRWG is looking alright.
[deleted]
suckie suckie with tsla probably
Shares? Never sell
subtle flex
Weird flex but okay
I was incorrectly marked as ineligible for the stimuluses given out this year. Is anyone else in this situation? I was told to submit a "recovery rebate credit" when filling out my taxes and they will decide if I retroactively get it.
New strain is just media sensationalism and noise.
THEY GO IN ONE DIRECTION BOYS. AND I DON'T MEAN THE BAND
baba is gonna gap up huge next monday when volune comes back
What’s your PT or exit plan
AI? Do you even know what PLTR does?
don't let these bagholders pump you into bagholding this $3 dying meme of farce. take the loss and get out while you still can
"Probably not going to keep falling, but I’m really shitty at guessing things like that." 

Sounds so extremely obvious that you didn't know if it would keep falling. Fucking idiot
Just took a massive shit full of fiber 

No constipation , 

It’s gonna be a Green Day I feel it 😏😎👍🥳🚀
Eu china trade deal
5.1ozt overall avg
I don’t think so but damn these bags are getting heavy
Do you think it will dip back down to around 27 again after this?
I had 22c that I bought for quarters. Sold for 100% profit. Still haunts me to this day. 

Exit strategies are over rated.
So a support line just appears out of no where?
TSLA news?
If his support is at 23.57 does he not just wait for 23.57
If they were OTM weeklies, hell ya.
Bear astroturfing today. The 🌈🐻 got cocky at the start of the week.
Anyone else think GME is going to be an extinction level event for wsb?
Those are Canadian companies.   At least pick a US cannabis company if you’re playing the senate race
In the same boat... I was prepared to lose that money so I’m fucking diamond handing it personally
I’m starting a new religion. We worship Voutiá Tavros the chad bull god. Our practice is selling puts to the gays on dips
I Fell in love with one of my colleagues at work. How do i find out if she likes me or if she has a boyfriend?
👍
No
Imagine not buying BABA weeklies 🚀
What’s the move today? gay or straight
https://archive.is/BwhLI

https://archive.is/CRFQL

archived it as best i could. lmao

edit: just wow https://archive.is/wip/NqLLk
Completely take over?  Europe doesnt have any carmakers lmao?
Can someone explain why NIO is moving up
Tell me you don’t miss the Shkreli days
Accidentally joined yesterday at $21.
RMO might tank like GOEV at open and for that reason... i'm out. selling before open
Clubhouse is the greatest app ever , that shit going to the moooon if they IPO
>more than 137k a year?

nice flex.
Wow. An actual retard.
YOU SIGNED THE BIRTH CERTIFICATE U POOR

ROOKIE MISTAKE
🌈🧸 yoh know you’ll double down because you want it in both holes at the same time. FD for you
I would give it more time or avg down
It literally looks like they will not get bolder and explore further in any reasonable amount of time compared to how long it might take to repair the fence. And if they do, they'll end up in my yard next and then still have to explore further from there to get out of the complex. And nobody around here has a gang of dogs big enough to take on 2 heavily armored sheep running around going in other people's farms. The one thing I can picture is some hungry coyotes trying it, but they're so scared of humans around here they wouldn't want to go through my yard to do it and if they did I'd go outside and throw shit at them from the top of the hill when I hear the commotion break out and the landlord's gang of pugs would probably come out and bark too. There are bears around here but the fence wouldn't stop them, all that stops them in the first place is the sheep being in the middle of the little farm complex where people live too. Wild predators and humans around here just don't really mess with each other, we've got an agreement going
Kintucky needs to lose statehood. Divide its counties among the bordering states.
his first day here
[deleted]
Where‘s this from actually?
Big. Fuckin. Tendies
Back door ira
Hey its me, your long lost son. I could use some cash
Excess capital baby, rich got richer during covid. Bonds are shit
Yessssss
If anything it's even more of a yolo.
Dumped my last $400 into BABA calls monday. Am I back boys?
I see. That would be around Feb expiration. You think a 250 call for SQ would print?
GME got oversold last year and I get why people rode it from $3 to $15 this year, I dabbled in it and made a little cash. 

Long term the risk/reward on it is pretty bad, but it does have volatility and volume so I get why people here trade it in the short term
Stop buying weeklies and you have no choice at open. If it hits 136.7 I’d prob just sell. Prob still have no chance at beating theta even if it’s ITM
1/15 30C definitely not going to print with the lockup expiry looming
So nice to see gme is falling love it!!!!!!
CRM you pos
BFT 🚀
Nah RH takes 3 days for me
Im fully diversified with arkk, arkg, arkw, Arkq, arkf
GME buyers are just a cult at this point
Tomorrow you can say "Delisted by EOD"
NOT YET
It's so much fun!
already in balls deep, going 40k deeper this morning
No risks are being taken - STONKS ONLY GO UP MUTHUFKUH!!

🍆😩💦

PLTR TO DA MOON🚀🚀🚀
Stimulus check into ACB or APHA as a gamble the Dems take the Senate and pass the pot bill
Also daddy musk plainly states lidar for automated driving is a fools errand
Nah I'm pretty tarded
AMZN has triple the PE that BABA does. If BABA was American, it's an easy $600 target.
ARKG leaps or shares with margin (2x)?
Search Peter Buffet in Spotify if you want to listen to his work
Called a bull market
Should i just paperhands my gme that i bought at 21
Can I reassess at open within first 5 mins or sell asap? Think there's a chance I can rescue a bit of my 75% loss?
Not even worth it. The iv was so high. Unless you had a ton of capital for shares, there are way better plays.
>no way pltr hits 30 by tomorrow

Not with that attitude! This is WSB, with the magic of autism, anything is possible.
Wait until 9 30 open
Living and dying on Amazon the next 3+ weeks

Bezos take the wheel.
(Web active users * 600)
i'm really really creaming on this one bro. glad i see this before the communist mods remove it
Where are your shares and April calls?
Where does SNOW go in 2021?  Had a great run but has since melted away.....
Say goodbye to any ps5 inventory for the next year and a half
Yes my wife’s BF wants the new Apple Watch. I need to keep her happy
if dems get georgia then its a bad news for them as AOC will take her dik out on anal it vigorously.
no me gusta gatos now
Holding tsla calls and arkg leaps yes daddy elon and Cathie 🤤🤤
Why the fuck can’t you qualify for a ROTH IRA if you make more than 137k a year? Government really doesn’t want you to make too much do they. God forbid I contribute a 6k amount yearly to a tax free retirement account, but no I make too much. Assholes
Lol at the idiots who are trying to pump this dead stock. 

“$100 🚀🚀🚀🚀 here we come!!!”
Biden announced he’ll use government money to make a faster vaccine distribution. ZM ain’t going anywhere.
You're not down if you don't look
CHAAAAAAARGE!!!!!!!!!!!!!
There’s rarely someone on the other side of the trade just MMs
Were you here yesterday?
Red by 10:00, you'll see
did he say, calls on PLTR?
Surprised $NIO isn’t up more in this EU/China news? Doesn’t this pave an even clearer path for the Chinese EV market to completely take over Europe?
[Yeppers!](https://imgur.com/a/pxRxlG9)
333 GME @ $19.24. Fuck Melvin. Might take a beating today, but we will buy more.
Feel good on long  shares.  Hopeful on shorter term FDs.  1/15 30C, 5/21 50C, 5000 shares
Hey. I’d be salty about BABA going up if I missed an extremely obvious play like that.
Until they get loan forgiveness from the new administration.
Is he in trouble though? I mean he didn’t meeeean to lose it. He just wanted to make money. The loaner probably feel for his stonk pitch too. If anything he should be fine.
Indeed! While his wife and her boyfriend are snuggled in bed he has to get up and take the dog for a walk.
Baba 250
Probably gonna dump ARKK 162c 2/19 at open
is this thing a pump and dump?
Ah best of luck man. Keep hydrated and watch some spongebob.
Uppies and or possible downsies
They should've just given ($600 x ~1 million users) to GME directly
Mega caps are running up before Jan earnings.
I'm still down 2k I think, but its only shares so like 7% or so.
If you would have predicted SPY 370 by the end of the year through lockdowns and a pandemic everyone would have called you a retard, and they would be right. But the market is somehow even MORE retarded than we are.
Imagine that guy from the Beatles
My head
Could watch this shit all day and probably save some $..

Just love how that bear puts his hand up.."I'm fucking ready for it"
That was on monday, shits still discounted
algos playing silly games
If you're having  PLTR problems I feel bad for you son

I got 99 GME shares but being green ain't one
[removed]
Agree that small caps should run in 2021
[deleted]
When I had it I really didn't cough too much but my god my lower back hurt so fucking bad and I had awful chilks. Hope you get better!
Kid ? 

No child support !!!
lol ur mad af for no reason, stop being a virgin
60% of my portfolio baby 😎 to the moon
So buy more? Ok
Yeah you right. I didn’t actually look at earnings myself, I read somebody else who used revenue. Still weird why Corsair’s profit margin is ass compared to logi.
DiD yOu NoT ReAd AlL tHe Dd PoStS???
I'm thinking I'm going to hold my shares for a real long time before it finally takes off
the point of no return.
Delisted by EOY
[deleted]
Daily reminder that WSBers are all verjeen
All that shit is so complicated that I really have no idea if that is good or bad
I like 250$ more something that if it hits it hits big
^
Your an idiot. Good to see you recognize the House exists. You do realize in the beginning all i said was Congress was split power right?

He objected to unanimous consent. But it tells you something that the Dems wouldnt vote for a fake bs election commission to get 2k to the american people- proves they dont care- they never did- its all posturing for the Georgia runoff. I know this is all over your head though.
BAN
He’ll buy at 190. 🤡
Stop
Waiting for 70
Thats astronomy fool
Now its almost at 2% after hours tf u talking about
ZM calls today, new strain in US and slow vaccine distribution gonna take us back to 400 by next week 🚀
im hoping it drops again so i can buy calls
You must be retarded if you're not diamond handing BABA rn
why not get some nice 1/8 calls so you get delivery run up to 1/4... 750s are super cheap...
Go Beavs!
Dad?
[deleted]
Can we get a little dip first, I need a discount
[deleted]
Is new daily up
And this is what we saw with all those shitty med stocks over the summer, makes sense.

What’s your opinion of GME? I have no stake in  it, but based on WSB’s track record and looking at it’s trends since 2005 i’m pretty sure everyone in it is about to lose their ass.

I got downvoted to hell in yesterday’s ah thread warning people, posted links to it’s all-time and everything 🤷🏻‍♂️
[removed]
Very smooth, unusually low surface area to volume ratio
This lines up with my projections
I swear if sq goes red after a green premarket one more time....
Too simple. Too smooth brain for big brain WS
[deleted]
Wait, is the hooker’s ass facing the wrong way?
Making so much money just holding BABA calls overnight
Lol that stock is gonna drop so hard
So gme holders are fatties?
"Sometimes sheep needs to be pushed thru the fence"
That is incredibly dumb but I have a feeling it’s also pretty common
George floyde
$1 ?!?  Bro it’s going up $15 today. Be happy you got in before it overheats and gets a rug pull
i have 1/29 calls gonna diamond hands, antitrust shit is overblown chinaphobia
If I make a decent profit, I will do something nice for a person in need, otherwise im poor also and my wife will leave to her new bf
Yeah that dude also pulled out troops from Syria, Afghanistan and Somalia.
F u c k     b e a r s
What y'all thinking on pltr?
lmnd 120 calls at open... plz
Huh what does your 401k have to do with your wife’s boyfriend going bi
Fuck I hope so
After a dive like that, there has to be some recoil.
Someone give me a risky play, need to make some quick nice gainzzzzz
Ban
Some of you have serious mental deficiencies but I love you for it
This is actually smart. This sort of marketing is what allows one company to beat another company.
So with December numbers Tesla will probably beat 2019 figures, despite Europe being their only major automotive market continent where:

- In Europe Tesla doesn't have a factory yet, so they are hurt by:
 - ~5% logistics cost
 - ~10% import taxes cost
 - ~30 days logistics delay as cars are shipped from California (or China) all the way to Europe & and are distributed
- In Europe Tesla was double-disrupted by Covid:
 - In Q1 the February Covid shutdowns hurt their late-Q1 delivery push
 - In Q2 Fremont was shut down for almost the entire time period where they customarily produce cars for the EU.
- In Europe most other carmakers are dumping EVs below cost at the moment, to get carbon credits to avoid ~$20b+ in CO₂ pollution penalties. This is obviously not a sustainable model for them - and the 'supercredits' enabling this are being phased out next year and in 2022, and CO₂ pollution penalties are rising as well.
- In Europe Tesla is still not selling their most popular US model, the Model Y, due to still being supply constrained. Tesla is doing very well selling only a single sedan model in the mid-size premium car market ... No medium price SUV and no hatchback, their least expensive SUV, the Model X, is ~$110k and is a bit too large for most European countries.

It's pretty clear that in 2021 Giga Berlin local factory and the Model Y is going to trigger next level growth in Europe as well.
Yeah, I'm not sure but the spread on the Feb calls for after earnings wasn't bad at all. Maybe it's made it's move so any additional upside is unlikely.
Positions or gtfo
I think there are livestock futures on sheep and from what I've seen with these 2 they're a reliable animal. They wait for an hour or two at their food dish every time they're gonna get fed cause they know the schedule but they're not sure exactly what time it is
High five. Me too, and r/gamedeals
Oh nice!  This pre market pump of ENPH has me excited for the market tanking it will once again go through...😞
Nope I remember looking forward to going to Blockbuster. 

What’s your suggestion? What can we change? Serious.
Great point, thanks!
BABA bagholders from before the crash, how much you down still? I still haven't checked my account to see how much my 03/21 calls are down 😂
Margin adds another 600
All of the existing strikes summed together? Or does the level of gamma at the money tell you enough?
Keeping that shit ofc
ICLN $32 EOW/BOY
You think I'm some amateur?
I know people that voted for him solely because they liked his shenanigans
I had a dream Jim Cramer started a WSB ETF. Instead of being market cap weighted it was weighted by how many times a ticker was mentioned with a rocket ship next to it's name in the DD threads 🚀
Bailing on the kurdish is probably the low point of his foreign policy, which was otherwise kind of good if I'm being honest. I still despise him.
Blackrock was buying shares-that’s enough for me
Always seems like its gonna be a great day around this time.
I’ll donate to charity of your choosing if it does.
my uncle has a farm and he was messing with a horse one day and the motherfucker kicked my uncles jaw in half lol.
#BUT SERIOUSLY

who needs stimulus when ARKG leaps exist?
[removed]
You should post this on a wholesome subreddit though it good. Where do I buy sheep options though
Baba bulls you selling at open or letting the winners ride holding 235c 1/22
step 1 : I look at your messages history.

step 2 : clearly nobody likes you , and u seem like u're a fuckin cuck for bein such a hater on people makin money

step 3 : I'm happy cause I know you're sad deep inside.

step 4 : I block u so i'm even more happy at the anger you will develop
If SQ drops at open again I’m going to inverse myself and buy puts.
Pray
Thinkorswim
I had a dream that I woke up early and bought BABA.

Which sucks, because that’s what I planned on doing when I actually woke up - so by the time I finally did, it was $1 higher :(
$600 stimmy already showing up as a pending deposit in my account!

I’m about to have $600 more of GME
Who are you who are so wise in the ways of stonks?
[removed]
Lunar exploration
What else you do? 

Shoot heroin?
Let your future wife get fucked by strangers? 
Stop being a cuck! Admitting you do stupid shit is neither cool nor makes you look smart!
Sq 18 Jun 21 340 or 350. What do you think?
To double down on my tsla 645 12/31 put or accept pegging?
Drinking nothing but spiked egGNOG today. Time for the take off!
They’ve rotated into another stock with King GME
Dumped all my bloody PLTR calls yesterday so I’m sure we’ll have a massively green day just because
They will get bolder and explore further.  He would be liable for any damage they cause so he has to keep them contained.  And the fence is for predators too, including neighborhood dogs.
This was amazing.
Milk milk lemonade
Funny thing is they all shill for this pos while talking shit on boomers investments... who do you think will be around in a couple years. Walmart or GME. GME is on borrowed time!
Because it might take a while to correct and my calls are only roughly 2 weeks out
[deleted]
It would be awesome if someone started like a social media satirical series in this vein. Like the kid who gave his account to someone else to trade for him to "safely double it in a day" lmfao
gme moon?
I maintain a list of stocks I own with price targets & analysts. Example:
12/18/2020	* Apple AAPL     $150 Citigroup ups from $125---------
12/17/2020	* Apple AAPL     $144 Morgan Stanley---------
12/16/2020	* Apple AAPL     $140 Cascend Securities---------
12/09/2020	* Apple AAPL     $160 Wedbush---------
yeah I go over there for actual advice and i’m in here for the memes basically lol
Ok so big funds are reallocating client funds to megacapa so they can show their clients at year end hey look we’re in on all the good/non speculative stuff.  

So the smart move is buy feb calls on small/ midcaps.

Someone give me confirmation bias or tell me my smooth brain knows nothing
If you claim yourself than yes
Steel is for industry insiders, lifelong employees, boomers/ buy & hold, and pump & dumpers.
Nope, that’s why we aren’t allowed to talk smaller market cap tickers here. It’s too easy for someone with $10m in their account (or a collective subreddit with $1k each) to take a stock worth $100m and kick off this cycle:

1.	Buy 10% of the company for a higher price than it has been trading at
2.	Price goes up because of the buying pressure
3.	Traders see price go up so they get in
4.	After the run up the original person sells for profit
5.	Stock price goes back to before and traders left holding the bag

You can’t do this with something like AAPL because it takes too much money. I would argue, though, that this is happening on a huge scale with the entire market
I'll buy you a pizza if it does
[deleted]
Ahaha sorry i'm poor.
And i have other positions such as PLTR, PSTH or NET
Get your own god damn moneh!
Engineering, but the nice kind that I can just do from a computer
NIO
FUN COUPONS!
Lol so it drops 10% in a session and you short it after? Bravo retard
College students can take 100k of loans, yolo it and Biden will pay them back in 2 years. No stimulus needed
Check Gamma directly at the options of the underlying stock.
Bought another share a couple hours ago 🤷🏻‍♂️
Lol I have but I refuse to recommend options trading to people because I have a gambling addiction so I tell him to wait until after the next crash where he can buy stocks on a dip and really be investing instead of gambling
Literally this. Or spy puts at open. TQQQ calls at close.
I bought them on Amazon
Whys that
If you already yoloed that money then disregard
Beam is public and dropped 7% yesterday if you’re trying to get in.
Congrats buddy.
Calling 2020 🤡 world setting the theme for the decade
Should have grabbed JD at $79.
Buy more
1/8 ATM calls
YEAH!!  Don’t let the door hit ya where the good lord split ya
SQ$ please rise like a FOOKIN phinox
This.
Same buddy, same 😢
Great pun
Please Papa Elon TSLA 700 EOD
You too man! Your post didn’t have a single rocket emoji, so I know you know what you’re talking about.
I’d love 10% but I won’t be greedy.  Especially after the beating of taken the past 2 days on it.  I’d just like a Green Day!
Nbd buddy. Be back at those levels soon
👉👈🥺 what an honor
I like fireeye but the time to get in was a week ago imo. 5 year chart is sideways, where's the growth?
Don’t be a pussy and ask for a fee reduction
Why's it corrupt? Claim yourself and you have no issues
Yeah i cant believe im saying it, but the boomers over there at least look at more stocks than these mfers
Amazing I was just messin but I’m a landlord and sent all my tenants gift cards to a local bakery for Xmas. Try to be fair and good, offer some help during the pandemic as needed. Cheers to ya mate
Around 19 Mar exp for aapl could be good. A bit shorter dated than I had in mind but it could work.
INTC I need some more of that boomer energy 🚀🚀
What $baba plays at open
And competing with last year's graduates who are still out of jobs. I am very interested to see how pervasive remote work is in a year. As someone fresh to the workforce, I'd much rather virtual work from home where I can just do my shit, over going in for a 9-5 daily for the next 40 years.
[deleted]
Yeah have fun driving that fucking flange flover when I'm ripping lines of coke off a hookers ass going 170 facing the wrong way, get the fuck outta here tesla or bust baby
how do you get this info?
Ok boomer
And my axe
Hope not. Really want to sell in 2021.
Amen
I could good-goddam-guarantee it. Only bought a handful of calls yesterday. Never fails.
Hell yeah brother what was your degree? That's brilliant
Ok i guess 30k was a bit too high more like 5000
U ded
BABA!  I’m jacked to the tits

JACKED TO THE TITS
1) he’s not the current dirt bag who’s a compulsive liar. 2) you can’t lockdown from the federal level
Sell off @9:30 again, lame. Not checking my portfolio today
ya it's mapping scenarios so if it happens you know instantly.
I use TD.
God I’d be so rich.
Because they sell exclusive merchandise that you can’t get anywhere else.
I am .boomer shares tho
You missed your chances, should have said "Calls on $CROSS"
Nope, if anyone claims you as a dependent you dont get shit. Super corrupt
as long as its shares you'll be fine...buy the dip.

I'm not worried about my May calls if it makes you feel better
ARKX -Innovative Solutions in “Love” Industry (ie robofuckdolls)
Gonna need 2 stimmies for that one.
2400 or 8000 if we get 2000.

My bro, mom, dad and I all get it.

Family pltr yolo stimmy style
What the mother fucking fuck
I'll take a look.
It’s been particularly bad recently
This makes sense. I am learning how to apply it technically I guess.
I'll offer him help, he's a cool guy. I moved in recently but I can tell he's not gonna abuse me as a tenant if he's the kind of guy sheep don't even think of escaping from
Buy steel wire/cord so MT and CLF will print
Anyone else diving into baba at open
BABA TO 270EOD
What do you think, 16 Apr or or 18 Jun exp?
spit or swallow
Are college students getting any money from the stimmy or is it still a no
SNE stalks going well
Tell your landlord to open an RH account
You spent money on this but not on calls?

I'm confused.
If you guys want $2000, just buy $600 worth of SPY calls
[deleted]
Date?
smh couldn't this post have come before i bought into PSTH.

who am i kidding it will probably be at 30 by next month
Jesus open the fucking markets alrwady
SQ
No reason for this store to exist.
INTC is already outsourcing to tsmc for the processors coming out next year

[https://m.hexus.net/business/news/components/144379-amd-intel-battle-tsmc-capacity-says-report/#:\~:text=Intel%20has%20reached%20an%20agreement,version%20of%20its%206nm%20process](https://m.hexus.net/business/news/components/144379-amd-intel-battle-tsmc-capacity-says-report/#:~:text=Intel%20has%20reached%20an%20agreement,version%20of%20its%206nm%20process)
So high gamma at 3700 again or something and if we lose that it tanks? Or gamma at 3600 and 3800 or something and we will go either way.
gonna need positions or ban
Fucking the same! I feel like this when i open my account and its RED...

[https://www.tiktok.com/@braxtonricardopad/video/6890697635703917825?\_d=secCgsIARCbDRgBIAMoARI%2BCjysCeHcEfSCPo7aOiuj1TfIjV4AbkIAj9DwIK1MO0mbWW1DebkJgk%2FgLVmyXgHyG5QEW8rOH945D%2BAQ0MwaAA%3D%3D&language=en&preview\_pb=0&sec\_user\_id=MS4wLjABAAAAxWFtx55AcxMsPjZ4i4DO\_F3ve4bMtlu8aKz2AJ9G3ZNnVa65RORhMo2PCBrojLXC&share\_app\_name=musically&share\_item\_id=6890697635703917825&share\_link\_id=98598e9b-f7c1-4f3d-8f5b-18f22141ef2c&timestamp=1606838056&u\_code=dcmlf58eh70dgh&user\_id=6837307408035251206&utm\_campaign=client\_share&utm\_medium=android&utm\_source=messenger&source=h5\_m](https://www.tiktok.com/@braxtonricardopad/video/6890697635703917825?_d=secCgsIARCbDRgBIAMoARI%2BCjysCeHcEfSCPo7aOiuj1TfIjV4AbkIAj9DwIK1MO0mbWW1DebkJgk%2FgLVmyXgHyG5QEW8rOH945D%2BAQ0MwaAA%3D%3D&language=en&preview_pb=0&sec_user_id=MS4wLjABAAAAxWFtx55AcxMsPjZ4i4DO_F3ve4bMtlu8aKz2AJ9G3ZNnVa65RORhMo2PCBrojLXC&share_app_name=musically&share_item_id=6890697635703917825&share_link_id=98598e9b-f7c1-4f3d-8f5b-18f22141ef2c&timestamp=1606838056&u_code=dcmlf58eh70dgh&user_id=6837307408035251206&utm_campaign=client_share&utm_medium=android&utm_source=messenger&source=h5_m)
Had a dream BABA was going to pop this morning 🚀
[deleted]
I have two demons haunting my tendies. FOMO who is tempting me to buy the tip, and Greed who baghold waiting for a 10% gain when the tip was 5. I need to face my demons. Selling BABA at open.
I think it lets me know the post is the lowest quality of post of either of those. 

Especially if OP self flairs it that way. I don’t mind the shit posts as long as I know to decide if I wanna waste my time.
No, far below Sun Hongbin, close to -100% so you can't see WBS retarded holdings in the list.
Help your landlord out and build him a new fence. That’s what good tenants are for
Paper hand gme for next entry or diamond hand?
Today you will make mad money! 

Your options will fkn print, your stocks will only go up, and you will succeed. I believe in you, all you have to do is believe in yourself too! 

I love all you degenerates!
Edit: spelling mistake and also forgot this 🚀🚀🚀🚀
Not this time
Gme is a good play. Diamond handsp
They had like 20x (or some absurd number) of long hold margin in the 1920s, so in that regard alone panic shouldn’t be as bad, but I do think new investors plus current conditions is ripe to see significant downturns.

But I’m not a rockstar investor just a history lover, I wish you the best and keep kicking ass.
No need $nylon
[deleted]
[deleted]
🌈🐻 feeling cocky and coming out the woodwork
In Soviet Russia AMZN orders you.
Have you tried /askreddit
Order more shares of GME right now before market opens, or will it drop even more when market opens.
No no no. You shoukd have led with,  "Do you trust me"
My landlord's sheep fence fell down yesterday and these creatures have less than 0 interest in escaping. For now they're just quite pleased to be able to see an area they can't usually see from inside their enclosure without climbing their little hill. I doubt the fence is even needed to protect them from predators or anything so I guess it's basically just a marker telling the sheep not to go too far and the only reason to repair it is aesthetics of having a complete fence looping around instead of some broken shit. It only matters to the humans, the sheep treat it the same either way.

TLDR - sheep are big chillers. I mean bigly
[deleted]
The DD flares usually lose me money.  I’ve been sticking to loss and gain mainly.
think of it like a condition. if the condition doesn't happen then idgaf. but if the condition happens then it'll be worse.
Haha right so so no one knows what'll happen, and whether it'll actually be worth it, it's all based on what people think will happen, which in this case is completely up in the air, right? That's what I call a proper bet lol.

I'm pretty sure OP is just wanting to pump the stock then - as its price is only based on the hype? Is there anything else making this stock worthwhile - is there some guy running it who's known for doing this sort of thing or something like that?
Why did you all think GME was a good play? A brick and mortar store that everyone hates. Where is the logic? 15p 1/15
[deleted]
It’ll reach 3350 at open, they’ll sell to some cuck and then buy puts
Then you miss the run. Safety vs. risk is always the gamble trading. Things could keep drilling in the contrapositive. You have to make the decision. Do note, though, timing the bottom is tricky and there is always another run or meme to get on.
He actually thinks there's going to be another crash soon, but he doesn't think those companies will be susceptible.
Metals gonna do some stuff now
Lol I said that yesterday and in the comment section hahhahah
[deleted]
Man I wish I could've been there in the 90s to space and see oakey & other 90s legends. I was around the raving age during the early 2010s resurgence and saw deadmau5, tiesto, some of the SHM guys, laidback luke & many others. My biggest regret from my peak era was I could've seen Avicii but decided against it as he was 2+ hours away. I'm totally gonna go to some shows back when things are normal again, can't get it out of my system.
For incoming seniors in the fall, I totally get it. I think senior or freshman year I would have tried to delay. They’ll be competing with last years class for jobs come May. 

I graduated in May from my living room. Thankfully I had a job lined up last fall and they didn’t delay it or anything. A lot of my peers weren’t nearly as lucky.
LMND dump and pump was really good yesterday. Now it happend to BLNK too.
Shit, if I yolo $100k on calls and MT reaches $100+ I'd go home with 8 digits
Not with crappy hydrogen there not
Actually I get 3k tomorrow and 9k on the 8th in rent. #notcappinjusclappin
If PLTR plunges again today, in googling the strongest type of rope
Mexico wasn’t always as dangerous as it is now.
welp I’m up 2% pre-market, guess it’s time for me to go to sleep and wake up to being down 10% again :D
Activist investor group trying to get INTC to outsource manufacture; what companies could INTC outsource too? I know TSM is one theoretically, who are the others?
dude i can literally buy your family, chill tf out. I know it's tough being broke, doesn't give u the right to lie for ur own wellbeing
Same. All that stress with options and shares quietly win the game.
AH! So that’s what I misunderstood. I was under the impression that it took the same amount to move it regardless of the amount of shares available. Now it makes sense, thank you.
Bought one last night via the Playstation store.  Got the one with the Blueray.

[Convenient article that has links to the PS5 on Amazon, BB, Newegg, etc](https://www.techradar.com/news/ps5-restock-target-has-ps5-disc-consoles-in-stock-now)  

Happened to be clicking through the links and got put into a virtual waiting room to enter the Playstation store for a chance at a PS5.   Score.
Agreed
If you really want to learn (not talking about 10x yolo shit) Real Vision Finance and Real Vision Daily Briefing are must watch.
I’m grammatically correct *
SQ and PTON today?
AMC files to sell 50M shares, a dilution of 20%
Nah aim for March/June, personally I have June 25C
Imagine being a giant robot controlled by a little man who crawls into your ass and pulls levers
Nah not yet
For Yahoo, it looks like... "Fair value for a stock is calculated according to the Peter Lynch valuation method, which looks at PEG, earnings growth rate, and earnings."

You could do worse than that (like going off  analyst price targets) since it's an OK fundamental proxy. But I wouldn't ever say you should assume the price target is right and the fundamental valuation is wrong.
Do you people think it “might” be open on New Year’s Day? Holy crap.
5 AM and I haven't gone to sleep yet.
Lmao
Sames. Nice to be in a new "master race".
r/stocks has some better content, but they beat dead horses too. I’ve seen some really good calls over there though
Li and Nio are the future dude, I’m telling you
Yes
169%
🚀🚀🚀
CRP.TO confirmed.
I bought at $14
Sq$
You come here for DD?
Blnk puts make money gone in a blink if you arent careful.
Why do you think stocks are going up?
This sub was better before there was 1million of you degenerate fucks
[deleted]
Lol 

I would give it six months, you know Burry isn’t wrong.
that cunt can fuck right off.
I like the sound of that pimpin'.
imagine seeing a red spac day and selling
Cathie sucking and fucking me good today 😌😌🚀🚀🚀
at least you know what not to buy
Ps5
Oh and 🚀🚀🚀
Yup it'll suck for them. Now! Think about how many companies are working remotely. It will be even more difficult to find a job because you can get more experienced people working for less working remotely.
Ya I normally use seeking alpha and open a stocks financials and pretend I know what I am looking at on the balance sheet before I invest.  I usually try to see if they have cash on hand and if their revenue has gone up a lot year after year.   Unless it’s a SPAC then it’s just a dart throw since they are hot right now LOL
[removed]
It seems I’m still learning a lot lol. I’ll be watching for the reads today
Bro it happens all the time; look at PFE & MRNA all the action takes place prior to the approvals as they say BUY the rumor SELL the news.  

By the time the hopeful / expected result takes place the stocks have already pumped and fully or close to fully valued. Once there isn’t any additional important growth catalyst there is a sell off until there is new trigger which would help it go up again.  Have you seen Elon tweeting a shit storm on Tesla’s delivery numbers?  He continuously needs to tease the market with potentially good news to keep the pumping the price. However when it has pumped 700% it keep getting harder and harder to impress the market and keep going upwards.
[deleted]
Yep
Rog. I see it now in pending
Stop cappin
YOLO
That’s the 6th time QQQ has tried $314 just let it go for fucks sake. This market is fucking stupid. Bulls and bears should come together. Bears get to eat and bulls get a better price. I mean what the fuck is this shit?
God damn Loch Ness monster
Anyone thinking of amzn puts at open?
 The 🌈🐻 is trying to rape us!
The fucking USD should stop being such a bitch and stop dropping against euro. My gains are all vaporizing slowly..
BABA
Something sus 🤔 

YOU A LADY TRADER TOO?!?🥰
AAPL 140C
What if PLTR is really overvalued and goes down to $15 again though ?
How is it possible to have so much money as an autist? Not the first post I've seen with someone investing over 100k.
Something something moms spaghetti
Yeah when the market pulls back Im guessing Tesla will pull back more.  Gonna buy puts one of these days eod.
Buying bitty
Unfortunately I bought stonks because I’m too pussy to buy 265C for 03/21 since I suck at trading options. 

Hoping I can use the profit from the stonks to get back into options
last thursday
So is it good to buy shares because I don’t know how to do the things that everyone else does on this sub
Every single analyst price target is below $20 so yeah probably will lol.
Its almost like they are lying...i cant be sure tho...i am still waiting for TSLA to be $70.
Use $600 stimulus check for $2,000 in margin and buy ITM calls
So, what call should I buy with my $600 stimulus check? I'd like about a 6-month expiration.
pleas delet this
Just a heads up, Schwab and Robinhood withdraw the next business day.
AH! So if we do pop, it’l be because of margin. That makes sense.

Honestly I think we’ll keep seeing slight corrections along the way, shit like September might keep happening, but i’ll always keep some cash on the side to buy more ARK on those days
[deleted]
Got $2000
And surely indoctrinated how many more people from the vacancies we have now left, and enabled Erdogen to just do whatever he'd like
Hell yeah bro for that exact reason I switched to a MSc of my degree to get an extra year for the same price as an undergrad, extra year to stick the loan in investments and delay the struggle for a job in this economy.
Thanks for the good read. Your effort to write this down here is really appreciated. Would love to buy you a drink if I could👍
Yes, but arkk, arkg, arkg, and arkw are down.
Alright, appreciate your explanation.
RMO
roll it into jan 2021 95c and hold
Take me to the promised land Jack Ma
Didn't we pay enough in the form of Battery Day? What about the recent 695 > 575 drop? I was there... I know how it felt. I was buying dips until my eyes bled.
Splitting doesn’t help because what you are buying when you purchase AAPL shares is the right to future AAPL profits. Splitting makes the slice of profits you own smaller so in the long run it doesn’t change the overall value of the company. Just makes it easier for people like us to play it (unlike AMZN at $3000+ a share)

The point is that moving AAPL price 1% today takes $1b in buys slightly above the market price. Then moving it tomorrow is going to take $1.01b, and so on until the amount of bullish money required to move AAPL is more than what people can put in (and remember they also can’t take out whatever they have already put in)
[deleted]
🙋
Where’s my $600? Did anyone get it?
Green hulk wangs in the premarket 📈📈📈
[deleted]
[deleted]
imagine thinking EV are not the future
Unfortunately... Too many people treat every dollar they get beyond living expenses as fun money.
Imagine thinking the world’s largest market with a government actively supporting EVs was a bad place to invest in EV.
you could phrase it like that. yes that works.
Pton. Beckies love that shit.
You're in commodities? Good luck with that
Puts on stimmy
Can’t wait to get my $600 so I can recklessly buy a PS5 with it
Germany closed now. Please [Baba](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BfnjX88Va4Y&feature=youtu.be&ab_channel=DefectedRecords)
Prob shouldn't spread news via tweets. That's what landed us in this shit
No. This was the last good sub
This is the way
Just asked my wife as soon as I read this. Our account doesn’t show any pending deposit yet.

Then again, we still haven’t gotten our **tax refund** , so I’m sure we’ll be the last to get our GME gift card.
im PAPER MARIO
The past 4 years have been a lot quieter than the 15 before it.
What is the way?
sell it the moment it hits above $135
SQ
If it's information it's either in picture form (chart) or text form (Discussion/DD). The intention is to catch both and create an expectation for what is under the flair, unlike Stocks or Fundamentals.
but what if that happens over the long wknd?!
Stonks, baby.
Let me know if you find one lol
[removed]
Isn´t it more like judging the breadth of the market ?
[deleted]
I know it’s going back up just not sure if it’s before the 15th lmao
Ouch.
honestly
Hope you got leaps or stonks
>bears
The 1920s saw a flood people start investing with borrowed money in ways that hadn’t been seen ever.  This “new money” was using leverage and had never experienced a real crash before and they helped fuel panic selling.

Now we have people buying on margin, many literally taking out loans to do so, and they can buy/sell with low/no fees.  They’ll be leading the stampede as panic sets in.

Granted I don’t think we will ever see the markets drop 80% again, but I don’t think we never see inflated valuations get taken closer to “reality” either.  I’m also not short, I’m not going to fight the Fed/Federal Government and other governments around the world as they’ll through trillions at keeping the status quo.
The cuckiest
shift point moved higher so it depends on if it breaks or not.
Also, how do you observe it on specific stocks?
Same shit lol my dad moved from a hemi charger into one after previously saying they looked gay
Yeah, I'm no TSLA bear by any means but I too thought that we'd see some decent pullback on the price once these big events hyped through the year took place.

TSLA is a very forward thinking company that I guess a lot of big investors have faith in to buy and hold for the long haul, like a new age AAPL that they figure will have staying power for the future.
I think TSLA made Burry change his name to Cassandra. Elon pp has a way of doing that to former men.
Have you tried not having a life but do care about a community of retards that want to eat and shit tendies???
can you do all the work and just tell me when to put my money in and pull out? thanks youre the best...
They are a middle man. They try to merge companies to bring them to market. Lot of hopes and dreams they find a big target and profit off getting them listed. But it could always be a dud.
Dude every DD on this site is now GME, PSTH, and PLTR. Any other subreddits that actually have decent content anymore?
Who got the check yet
Thanks.
like market meta if that makes sense
[deleted]
Hard mode down?
#FUCK YOU PREMARKET IM NOT FALLING FOR IT ~~4~~ ~~5~~ 6 DAYS IN A ROW
Imagine owning a Chinese EV stock and thinking it's a good idea
50% pain

50% pleas fly again
240 is a steal
gonna just exercise my options today.  

no way pltr hits 30 by tomorrow
Time for GME puts
Fuck Yahoo!  They do that a lot
omg did ur wife cucked u again or what, i'm givin u a fuckin ticker to make tendies, gtfo if you're not interested , I get that u're fuckin bored to loose money every fuckin day but i'm not the cause of it,  chill out
Who tf watches ads?


Seriously.
track the price targets from several analysts before making major investments.
This is gay, let's see some positions
A shitpost is basically an acoustic discussion or a meme tho, right?
Thought you left? Can I get a flur plz? I just want “retard”.
Wish you luck WSB bro
You can find those as well, no problem
College seniors shafted hard this year. Lost the last two months of their last semester, graduated at the worst time for jobs in over a decade, and then they’re unavailable for the stimmy checks. 

GME to the 🌚.
[removed]
Spy puts at open, spy calls at EOD
> My concern is they won't be able to commercialize it fast enough to maintain their pace of growth. 

I think their R&D in building cars is still under-appreciated - because automotive is still thought of as this giant ~100 years old market with:

- commoditized components
- low rate of innovation
- very high capex
- high marketing costs
- razor thin margins

In reality it's a huge market that got stuck in a local maximum, waiting for disruption: 10x larger than the smartphone market, and with self-driving the car will take over as the ultimate mobile device ...

I first wrote about this 2.5 years ago, and it was IMO bloody obvious back then:

> ["Who killed the 𝐠𝐚𝐬𝐨𝐥𝐢𝐧𝐞 car, and when will the 𝗧𝗦𝗟𝗔 share price reach $𝟯𝟬,𝟬𝟬𝟬 ... Wait, what⁉"](https://www.reddit.com/r/teslamotors/comments/8o381s/who_killed_the_%F0%9D%90%A0%F0%9D%90%9A%F0%9D%90%AC%F0%9D%90%A8%F0%9D%90%A5%F0%9D%90%A2%F0%9D%90%A7%F0%9D%90%9E_car_and_when_will_the/)

(Prices mentioned there are 5x higher, pre-split.)


> There is definitely going to be some pain for people who bought in above $450.

That's always possible - no free lunch - but the amazing thing is that even at $660 TSLA is IMO seriously undervalued today, even if we ignore all their other moonshots beyond automotive.
[deleted]
I don't think we need news or chart tbh.  

I will browse DD (ideas of various pumps/dumps going through our autistic smooth brains), gain/loss, YOLO and popular memes.  

Don't care about crayon voodoo.

Most of the big news will pop up in the daily threads 423985798347 times.
GL
oh, yeah, I just mean that unemployed people are probably going to spend it on living expenses vs people who are employed who might not need it for that
Cucked, theta will ruin you at this point
He didnt get rid of ISIS lmao. You think Obama got rid of the Taliban or Al Qaeda?
😂 @ fundamentals. Sir, this is a casino
[deleted]
Leeeeeroy jenkinsss
[deleted]
My dad has never owned anything besides a full size truck in the heart of Texas and he is talking about getting one
I'm confused. I came to WSB for multi-bagger YOLO stock and memes and found this instead
Mackenzies bf?
Don’t know. But I bet a lot will be going to the Apple store.
I like the shit post flair too!
Chewy hurtin my feelings... loaded up at 100 and then again at 94.... 89 yesterday hurt to see
With all these people leaving PLTR, I'm definitly staying in to lose more, and when it somehow works out I'm going to pretend I knew from the start.

Edit: thanks fellow bagholder.
AAPL 🍏 🚀🚀
Watch the VIX today
Bro u need couple of weeks for any vaccine to work
[Uh oh the covid vaccine doesn’t make you immortal](https://twitter.com/deitaone/status/1344240292380233728?s=21)
cuz tsla doesnt go up on just rumors. shit will keep inching up like apple or msft until it hits 1 tril.
Legend.
You can sell covered calls on your own shares. Basically, you let other degenerates gamble on your shares that the stock will go up. If it doesn’t, you collect premium. But if it does, you are forced to sell your shares at the call’s strike price, and you will miss out on any gains from the mother of all short squeezes (MOASS).
Hmm. Perhaps “breaking news” could be the flair you add so it doesn’t catch as much as just “news.”
NET gang... what’s the move today
How to become a Successful YouLuber. Yes Luber as in putting Lube on your asshole when they fuck you on confirmation. 

[1] - find stock that has rotated out of hedges, everyone dumped... and is laying there bloody at -30% from paper hand cuts. 
[2] - take a position in said stock. 
[3] - wait for a slight ramp up and good news
[4] - give them the pump and dump video about how it could run up 300% in the next month and how a position now will net cash. 
[5] - sell on velocity. 
[6] - go to 1

That’s it! Take a position. Pump it.
Cathies funds pumping baby
The stimulus check being out is pretty big for gme. I believe most of the gme gang will invest that 600 into gme and that means addition of at least, $18 million in stock+calls purchases if like 30k people did it. Then add other retards outside of wsb and you get around $25 million which puts gme gang’s holdings to about 10.33 repeated of course % and this is pretty fucking big. I’m hoping to get a good price for Jan calls and fucking yolo everything today because I can’t predict wtf is gonna happen tomorrow.
[deleted]
Hopefully I’m not too late
[removed]
Add my 600$ to that
So if I understand this post correctly, It is recommended to buy MOAR PLTR?
NET
Mvi$... what is you doing???
There’s no chance they approve those. GOP fake concern over debt hides the truth: work or die bitch. We are of no use to this system sitting at home getting handouts.
Don’t doubt FCEL. They are going to 🚀🚀🚀
IV is non directional so do you mean the cost is too high? Because literally the cost is proportional to the probability of movement
College fund?
True but what is QSs revenue? Hours about NIkola (shot to 90 bucks at one point).
How do you observe Gamma in general and not a specific option ?
AAPL 12/31 138c. How cucked am I
Don't know what that means but Melvin 🌈🧸 GME 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
You had one job
For some people, yeah. Not for the majority of stock savvy people, not so much.
I fail to see how she looks like a dude but i guess opinions are like assholes
Why pump OTC junk? If you can't buy it through Robinhood, then there's no point posting here.
Can one of you retards answer a question for a fellow retard.  If a stock is trading at 10 and yahoo says it’s 1 year price target is 50 but then also rates it as currently being way overvalued.  How does that make sense?  Sounds like yahoo is just trying to play both sides of the ball to me!  Puts on yahoo?
BABA 01/29/2021 235.00
Amd
Alcohol. 4 day weekend coming up.
https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.nytimes.com/2020/12/29/world/a-congressman-elect-from-louisiana-died-from-covid-19-complications.amp.html
And Europe where the [vast majority of EV growth happened]( https://www.reddit.com/r/electricvehicles/comments/kmhbuj/global_evphev_sales_grew_38_in_a_pandemic_year/) this year [their overall sales declined](https://teslamotorsclub.com/tmc/threads/tesla-europe-registration-stats.61651/)...
I love the man. He dropped a fucking MOAB and got rid of ISIS.

That being said, i’m loading up on DFEN now that he’s leaving.
looking for stm to hold pre market gains for once. always spends up 1.5% then bleeds throughout the day
[deleted]
With VIX still not dropping cash gang is a safe bet. Once VIX declines the bottom should be in for the next run.
[deleted]
Ahh yes nothing like opening a bunch of new positions on a Saturday.
buy B.TEE.C. it's zoomer gold
CRSP up 4.5% AH🍆💦💦💦💦
[deleted]
yeah.  

This is like 0d option kind of trade.
oh ur a real pro. I apologize for everything. Please forgive me king of Wall street.
sup homie, upgraded your flair
[deleted]
Which dip to buy here? PTON, chewy, ddog, fsly, tdoc? Already bought baba.
You might be right but I wasn’t getting a nice house with 300k where I live.
Ban
NIO is Aladdin and you are Jasmine, you just need to step on to Carpet.
Glad i bought ARKG dip yesterday
Did it yesterday
The only people who aren't getting it are adult dependents, rich people, and illegals.
Guh
he was a meme god. Super entertaining. Too bad he’s genuinely a shit human being and was in the most important seat in the world
Ever notice almost every trading youtuber makes more money from YouTube than trading? I noticed.

Whether it’s Gram, Trading Fraternity, Andre, etc. near all of their money comes from ad revenue or side hustles via YouTube. I don’t even follow Kevin cuz he’s the biggest pumper of them all. 

I have to say: Trading Fraternity is my go to tho. Shows all his trades, streams all day, goes over fundamentals and takes time for philosophy and mental/physical breaks. Keeps you sane when shit is going down. I’m sure he’s doing some sketch shit behind the scenes cuz he never shows his face but at least he’s not trying to sell me something or get me to buy into his bullshit. (He does offer stream alerts and courses, but never pushes that shit).
Which ones do you use the most? What do you expect to be there?
Calm down, Chad Dickens.
Would you say that your company’s management team ~consults~ them?
[deleted]
Be patient. Papa Elon has a plan to get us to 1000. It has something to do with another stock split... shhhh....
fubo just went from negative to positive real quick, i know its gonna make me regret not going in yesterday.
>so the check is going straight into investments 

So you call this an 'investment'? That's a new euphemism for 'retarded stock gambling'?
He’s cappin
Nope, the only flairs I search for are DD, loss, and gain.
Downvote me for only posting one 🚀
Bah Bah option calls, have you any gains?
Anyone else getting baba at open
There are a lot of times where it’s like “that would be pretty funny if this same dude didn’t also have the nuclear codes”
>	when they approve those $2000 checks

~~when~~ **if**

The biggest if there ever was

But yeah silver leaps bro
Fuck PLTR. I'm going back to SPY and TSLA
Theta fucked
[deleted]
Based. I have 2022 calls 18$, 20, 23, 25
I think that's a good way to start. Could possibly add more in the future that would be relevant
Robotaxi, autonomous driving.

Expectations are strong now, wait until delivery report/earnings if ya want to short
Maybe buying the ARCT dip was a bad idea
gamma is doing stupid shit again.

we might get hard mode.

won't know for sure until 5 to 10 maybe 15 min after open.
why not?
Sup king
Intellivision.
Reject money, return to monke
Nah I like the flair
So theoretically, if AAPL were to keep splitting to keep the cost of entry low, could AAPL keep up this rate of growth forever?

Say it automatically split everytime it hit $300 or something.

I’m a construction worker, never took finance so I am curious.
Tldr?
if you look at the history.. another stock split lol
Stonks go up
It’s based on 2019, if you don’t want it, I’ll spend it for you
I prefer Chamath over Ackman.
You're awesome,I appreciate it
Start him right. Yolo his college fund to teach him about stocks
I've always loved this saying
Because its the future, you’re looking at the new apple you boomer get in now before its too late
[deleted]
[deleted]
I bought my calls at $14 I’m being greedy kek
[deleted]
[deleted]
She sucki sucki, love you long time.
I bought  445 contracts on xl Fleet when it was 15 bucks ( 17.5c and 30c)
GOOD MORNING EVERYBODY. TIME TO MOON
Sorry dude, get better ❤️
[removed]
I literally have only used Reddit the past 3 years for wsb and r/aww
Maybe it can hit us with the Hein.
FCEL to the fucking moon, retard.
I will hold until GME goes to 0 or 50. Those are my two price points for me to do something other than hold.
Priced in. Great LT company
Pleas fly again
Tell her boyfriend to step up his game smh
I have a printout of this post taped to the wall next to my trading terminal. I intend to jack a lot, sir in 2021.
-7%
I think it’s one or two people pumping it so they can dump their shares.

The mods should delete these, but I recall when it spiked last they were deleting all negative posts on here. It’s probably mods who are posting this garbage.
Daily reminder that my PLTR 24p weeklies will print bigly
At least you had a lot of company there
So tesla skyrocketed because of rumors of Spy inclusion, then rumors of stock split, then actual stock split, then actual spy inclusion.  I don't understand how its not selling off now.
I don’t want to worry about getting wiped in a 10% correction, i’m fine taking smaller but consistant gains.
loaded the boat around 220
Any good spacs near NAV
That’s why. It’s based on 2019 income
Apple
🤡
$250.
Clown
Reposting this from the last daily thread to get more feedback.

Do you guys use Stock, Options, Futures, Fundamentals, and Technicals flairs for looking through posts much? I'm looking at the Futures flair and it's just a pile of garbage.

I'm thinking the label ambiguity might be causing more trouble for us than it's worth. Why spend all day chasing cats into particular boxes? Maybe if we provide a better labeling scheme we'll get less nonsense and it'll be easier to deal with.

Consider posting a news story involving a company as a newer user. Is it Stocks since it's a .. stock? But you're buying options. You could use Options flair. Maybe it's DD because it's important information? If we had a News flair it'd potentially be a catchall for that without even having to have read the rules.

Maybe it just ought to be DD and Discussion for text-based posts. Gain, Loss, and YOLO for positions in various states. News for links to external sites that ostensibly have something to do with us.

You're left with pictures of charts that probably could go in a new flair called Chart, then any media that is left over would probably be a Meme, instead of how it is now where people just smuggle their memes past automod by posting them as Satire.

DD, Discussion, Gain, Loss, YOLO, News, Chart, Meme. Does that sound reasonable? Would anyone mourn the loss of our current scheme? If anything it'd be nice for what kind of equity it is to be another set of labels on top of whether it's discussion, link, news, etc, but we can't do that.
China investigation into accounting practices.
Yes but eventually someone decides to take profits and invest in something else that will give them a better ROI, and “new” money runs out. At some point, either every spare dollar every autist has goes into AAPL in order to keep the price from collapsing or it explodes

Also the point is that you won’t have any cash to invest when it pops because you already BYFD and it keeps dipping.
bab
$$$$69$$$$
He looks like the alien in MiB after he stole the guy’s skin.
[deleted]
My BABA calls are printingggggg
Get outta here w ur ant account. 

BAN
[deleted]
Be patient on the stimmy checks. Mitch’s gotta rub his balls on each one before they get sent out
Ah right, cheers for the info. Their website was just buzzword soup.
[deleted]
My dad just got one a month ago randomly
I hope so I’m holding a 12/31 645 put
I hope CRM wakes up in January and this snooze fest finally comes to an end 😴😴
BABA leaps because that shit going to get pricey.
Love u too. Feel better fellow autist
im not cashing out shit. fuck you paper man
In 1929 they had shady brokers - now I can BTFD on my phone instantly. That is an important difference.
thats just the tip
31$ 12/31 calls - get this fucker to the moon :(

Or else ill have to upload loss porn ..
Nice!
Five years?  Most retards here think that 5 weeks is a LEAPs
Nah. Sure I jazzed the lingo up for the WSB crowd but if it was just longs exiting, the SSR would have had no effect on the price action. Instead, SSR ends the nosedive even though longs can still sell unrestricted.
joe kernan big boomer
Top contender for sure but button mapping is mediocre at best
BABA @ $218 was a fucking steal
unemployment is less than half of what it was at the peak earlier this year, but the check is half too, so probably around the same amount of cash as went in last time
This is a Canadian Heritage Moment
[deleted]
Yup, it started going out today. Checks in route or direct deposit people got it now
What is IB?
Aaaaand its gone
I really, REALLY miss Gae Sex.
fucking canoo
I view TSLA differently because of the innovation factor. How do you price a company that is literally creating products that people want/need but didn’t know they wanted or needed it until TSLA created it.
What calls do you have?
Yes and more I think. I think they have every single one inc commodities in their CFD section.
Checking in with my 162, keep them at multiples of 9!
why?
First Stimulus check is already pending for the first bois! All gonna go to the Gamestop war
AMZN
Kinda happy to see GME not rebounding yet from yesterday. May be a sign for it to moon after 9:30
Next time my gf complains about not getting fucked hard enough, I’m gonna open her IRA and buy PLTR
🤣
anyone going cash gang after today? idk if i should hold over nye or not :/
[deleted]
Stop
Stuuurttt
I hope your DD is more accurate than your news reporting.
Brockmire
Chewy
No shit. I didn’t even get the first one.
why'd you sell.
True story: My 3 year old son just asked for my phone to "check the market." Asked me "are there alot of AAPLs in it today?"

I said there sure are, son.
RIP market
Sittin here with Covid, feels bad man. 

Hoping for a PLTR run to make the day less shitty. Also, I love you guys.
Me too. I just think China investigation into parent company will show some numbers are junked
Right, but if people just *keep* buying AAPL because they “like” it then isn’t it kind of like a self-fulfilling prophecy? It isn’t completely insane to think after seeing the influx of retail trading this year that this just could be how it is from now on.

That being said, if/when it does pop I will be BTFD
If you're bored waiting for the market to open this will help pass the time https://youtu.be/-Q664cyqDc8
Think I have almost 100K in S&P shorts and puts. hmmm what could go wrong?
ALL IN BOYS!!!!
[deleted]
Wrong sub. In this one you are looking for the same potential within next five days.
Bought weekly spy puts and pltr calls and called it diversification
I hope he has a real big schlong.
People here are trying to tell you a company that did over $60B in revenue in 1 day is not a buy because they claim to understand what the Chinese government is going to do moving forward.
$3350 or $3500?
Hope I hit a new high score on this game again today
Hi I'm the SuperValueDividendBargainInvestor, welcome to my channel. Like Buffet likes to say \*some shit Buffet said 20 years ago\*. Now lets spend the rest of the video looking at my compounding dividend portfolio. This month I received $5.99 from F and $12 from CSCO. Truly dividend compounding is magic money, just look at my $125k portfolio (doesn't tell that $120k of it was made by flipping real estate or donated by rich daddy). Don't forget to like and subscribe. Join me next week where we will look at the same fucking portfolio but with +$2.99 I got from holding T.
[deleted]
IBKR pro
BABA u hurt me so much in the past I was unable to get myself to buy the dip again
I keep my nipples moist
VALE gang reporting in.
Not buying anything today, a stimulus rally seems too obvious so sell the news or the fact that it’s a measly $600, I’m sure that wasn’t fucking priced in lol
At least $600
I have been seeing so many new Teslas around these past few months it was one of the reasons I went balls deep in ARKs
Not even calls? 🤦‍♂️
me too, any trending?
I WFH so all gambling is done on my personal pc. Don't shit where you eat.
That’s very very very deep ITM
*if Biden is in.
Does 212 have the range of shares etc that HL has?
It's true. We'll get corrections along the way but nothing like what happened in March. I don't think we'll see that again for a long time.
Yea man, you didn’t get your $2k??
$5 feb call. I thought I was so smort
 I'm in GME but it's become a conspiracy theory on here. Appreciate you taking the time to drop a rational perspective
[deleted]
My bad. I invoked Power After Hours in yesterday's thread. Didn't even think about how its gonna cause a huge crash this morning.
Also if dem wins senate Jan 6th

EV play. Sbe blnk will moon
Just got mine
HERTZ
Could be retracing closer to the levels it was trading at around inclusion, especially with lower volume after all of that buying. Probably also has to do with Q4 numbers coming soon
Wonder what it’ll be in the duringmarket
NIO looking strong PM
Why I have this feeling that Murica gonna dump again
Whats up you guys, its Grahm here. Im a 30 year old boomer who reads yahoo news with authority because I had real estate windfalls in the biggest housing price boom in 100 years.
Aw, puts on this mans future. married or heartbroken, either way
What strike did you choose?
tree fiddy
[deleted]
Of course tsla pumps pre market fucking cuck
Buy high, sell low!
r/babystreetbets
Stocktwats say FCEL is going to explode when Biden is in. Is this a load of echochamber crap or could there be some sense to it?
Which stock has the potential to grow several times like AMZN and TSLA in the next five years?
Wait you guys got $600 already, wtf Nancy where’s my stimmy??
Was going to buy AAPL LEAPS anyway, thanks for justifying me buying even more.
Ozon ripping on the Russia market, flat here, 🤔...50 EOW
Everything is so flat but not BABA, simply because I got rid of my calls.
Is that shit actually going out now?
She likes your back but not the front?
my calls which are 90% down cant wait to be 60% down
Bruh
[deleted]
You got your 600 already..?
Crushing it
You are both the woman and not the woman in your hypothetical
[deleted]
Ban
PLTR is 1.5% up today in premarket
30 day water fast. I’m down 17kg in 3 weeks.
😂
[deleted]
FD’s they need to be far out of the money is what they said
This guy has puts. He bought them at 44 and is sad that nio is going to run up.
[removed]
Nah they will always go red.
It’s an everything bubble driven by liquidity and the expectation that stocks go up. We have barely had a down year in the markets since 2008...

AAPL is trading at 40 P/E, meaning it is the biggest company in the history of the world, having run up 2x this year and 10x this decade, and the market is pricing in that it will double revenue again the next decade. This is only one example, you might be able to find a thousand others. 

This is a very obvious bubble, the only question is when it will pop. Could be next week, next month, 2022, these things can literally run for years before they finally run out of steam
Oh sweet those BABA calls I sold yesterday for $6k are now worth $35k ☠️😭😢😭😢
You're freaking out over a 3 day move when you have a 1+ year position chill out lol PLTR literally did this last month
Mega TSLA bull selling naked against them is retarded af
Hope IT isn’t tracking your browsing history.
Get that AAPL money 🍏💸
I had some 20C 1/15/21 calls that I bought and sold before it’s run up. I’m too salty to go back in
[deleted]
https://youtu.be/R_XWYpYJ-pQ
no lol i lost 22k in the market
Amen!
Are you sure about that? Because I am 95.54223999999999% sure that rjgnal is not a bot.

---

^(I am a neural network being trained to detect spammers | Summon me with !isbot <username> |) ^(/r/spambotdetector |) [^(Optout)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=whynotcollegeboard&subject=!optout&message=!optout) ^(|) [^(Original Github)](https://github.com/SM-Wistful/BotDetection-Algorithm)
Stimulating the economy is like stimulating a women, we're not sure if it's working but at least she's pretending she likes it and we get fucked either way
Magic words
[deleted]
Don't think that's even close to a better idea right now.
This is the way
Feeling like a dump day
I got $2000, isn’t that what everyone else got???
1. It’s always sunny

2. Letterkenny

3. The league
Just morons chasing with morons catching falling knives on the other end
Ferda
[deleted]
[removed]
mouse and keyboard

they are technically controllers
when the sceptical guys are actually more clueless than the pump and dumpers I feel confident with my investment.

PSTH is a SPAC. They don't "do" anything. read up on it
[deleted]
God, well spotted, Elon really is a genius!
Gold
Getting taken down by Gale.
Probably! Not that I could find though, wrote them but they're stupidly slow to respond
Yes daddy, will do gme and icln
It's insane how many penny stocks have ran up from under a dollar to $5-$10+ this year without justifications
I heard the new season wasn't great

Planning to marathon it sometime this weekend either way
Good bot
The IV sucks now too so calls are cheap if you think it'll keep mooning.
My 9-5 job is like the shell corporation for my actual occupation which is professional gambler.
How is that possible? Tax shenanigans?
Could still be a buying opportunity after the crash, I expect the directors will be trying hard to sell the company once their shares are worth millions again after the next pump. Such a speculative play though
Who got their $600
[deleted]
BABA is 242.65 now in premarket  yay BABA  🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
In the short term it probably depends on whether or not this TSLA expansion means they’ll source from over there too instead of from MP.
I am getting out at market open.. I have had enough of being burned by tsla in this week
no i lost 22k in 2019.
Yeah no shit
"Unprofitable SPACs". The companies who are not allowed to undertake activities like... making profit. You'd short those ones?
If PLTR ever rises and gets to the moon, the bagholding bulls are going to insufferable. Like some combination of Knicks and Cowboys fans if those teams ever won it.

Source: me, bagholding PLTR bull who will be completely and utterly insufferable 🚀🚀🚀
I bought 1 ARKK, 1 ARKW, 1 ARKG, 1 BABA with mine 🤷🏻‍♂️
Tesla has a lot going on beyond building cars. My concern is they won't be able to commercialize it fast enough to maintain their pace of growth. A slip in that pace will lead to a reduction in share price and once that earnings multiple starts to compress it is hard to stop the stock price falling.

There is definitely going to be some pain for people who bought in above $450.
you hear that?!?!?! 

**WE AINT FUCKN SELLING!!!! 🤜🏼💎🤛🏼**
2 letterkenny? Idk what letter Kenny is
Is this TD Ameritrade?
A roommate in college wouldn’t leave. Other roommates and I just found another place.
https://m.benzinga.com/article/18946234?utm_referrer=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.google.com%2F&utm_source=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.google.com%2F

Romeo Power
[removed]
You into hand puppets too?
It’s tesla
lol i do donate.
What’s better than Letterkenny
You make more than 100 k in 2019?
Surprised they didn't just take the entire time between Christmas and new years off.
Do I take my 600 to put and bet it all on red or black? It’s either 12 or nothing for me boys.......
Xpev Kreygasm
You should donate. I put a cap on my earnings because people are getting fucked ie: small businesses
My gain cushion is bleeding in M V!S - should I bail on it??!?
WAY
dude you're literally on robinhood lmao it's up like 2% clown
PLTR 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Numbers have no end.
Yeah no shit
This is another flat to bleed off day, isn’t it?
[removed]
What’s his name?
Damn should I just cut my losses now?
Fuck yea dude KEEP GOING

I’ve been trying to get as fat as possible this past month so Jan 1 I can start winning a weight loss challenge. Cant go tits up
>daily 

headed to $50+ . go get a look at the $DMYT board on stocktwits, lots of DD regarding their market value
BABA, grab leaps while they’re still relatively cheap
[removed]
I think I’m just going to try to lick my own asshole, that would be another productive day.
[deleted]
in 2019 i had negative income
Finna be tyson tendies instead of great value Holmes 😎
TSLA up 1% premarket. How far can this go?
[deleted]
Big if true
PLTR fucks you harder with no lube
I fee like checking the scale every day keeps me in check
Don’t be discouraged if you go higher. On my way down to 180 I fluctuated a bit and plateaued towards the end. I believe in you though 
-from random stranger on the internet
[deleted]
I’m only here to tell you mf that my crush said she liked me back
Direct offering because even they know they aren’t worth this much.
[deleted]
Balls deep right now bro.....last month it’s been tough watching this shit go down buy in nio day I trust.....all will rise
[removed]
lol
[removed]
Yeah wouldn't be surprised to see a sell off to 240 at open then a melt up to 245
NIO is going to moon today
Gme, pltr, nio, tesla or baba calls at open? Other suggestion? I'm trying to have another 100% day today.
Someone run out of amphetamine?
shit is so undervalued
https://youtu.be/u1mnJ1u0EEA
what makes you say that LtlKidLuver69?
Arkg will be 105 EOY
[deleted]
Ahh I doubt it....I think it runs up to nio day January 9th......there introducing a new sedan and lidar....deliveries will be out 2nod of the month.....all tailwinds.....we all know what happened w lidar earlier this month ....
I like that he borrowed and lost $100k and he’s worried about claiming a $3k tax deduction..
[Here’s last years transcript ](https://news.gamestop.com/static-files/7749f63f-77da-48dd-9e4b-4c7fceed4564) so you have an idea of the type of information they provide. It’s basically a window to give forward looking statements about the company without the pressure of releasing earnings data. This ICR is particularly interesting because GameStop’s slot changed on the schedule from retail to tech. So there’s the possibility of increased share price action due to speculation on an announcement related to tech, along with the holiday earnings update most likely a few days later. (Around or on the 13th)

Holiday earnings estimates are already being projected by outlets so that part may be priced in but this is basically one of the last opportunities to make a bet before Q4 earnings. After that it’s somewhat of a waiting game on when Cohen makes further moves or filings. Jan 15th is the popular option chain for an ICR play.
Plz Cathie
If your income is above $100k, I don't think you get anything.
Yeah why is MVIS getting dumped on
I’m buying 1 share/day until it hits 300

So 300 imo
I love when people say you should do your own research as if I know what the fuck I'm doing. Meanwhile some guy is actually going to gamestop locations to study traffic and counting linear online orders to guess at sales for the quarter. Who do you think I'm gonna listen to?
I am mentally not prepared for today
Sounds like the time to buy was yesterday.
AMZN as a giant second covid shutdown play?
[removed]
I’m trying to get the Pro Max but nothing on stock now …
I’ll take that right off your hands big bank hank
Fresh $600 tendies from digital printer 😋

I want more!
i try and do things for my community ever so often, i just gotta stack this bread first
You need to keep in mind how old the posts are. If it’s 3 hours old you’ve already missed half a day. If you buy at the same time somebody causes a ripple you’re good...but 3 hours late is too late. In other words if you or you’re close personal group don’t have the cash to manipulate the market....then day trading is a losing proposition.
i don't like you.
Nice man! Good for you.
What makes you think this’ll happen?
TDOC 300 today
lol
PLTR
It’s about girth, not length
Substantially*
Up it to pedialyte
Why though? Trades on IB are $1 or less.
They said similar in 1929.

The other option is it’s not a bubble, it’s just substantial inflation that hasn’t manifested in the “real” economy yet.
Just seen nothing from them at all lol
PLTR doesn’t even have the common courtesy to give a reach around
Yeah I grossed 120k this year but am getting it too lol. Ridiculous tbh
[removed]
PLTR / GME / MVIS dumps should be enough to wipe out 75% of the annoying newtards that’ve been spamming this sub to shit. Love to see it.

Cramer stop mentioning us.
Looking forward to see this meme again next week
1/1 240c
"LETS STIMULATE THE REECONOMY 🤠🤠🤠"

- $600

Economy: Is it in yet 😐
NIO is going to tank today
Go get a real broker dude. RSI is +10,72% premarket.
You can always get a frontal lobe lobotomy.
Just in here to remind everyone that CVS is a dogshit stock
$600 is still better than $0
Exactly
You got 3 kids?
Bigly
Kazaa got me thru college
[deleted]
nice man. don’t celebrate or check because that’s when you take your foot off the gas.
you can donate it to people in need like a soup kitchen
Commie
More like a month of red days. I'm down 76% this month
For comfort
Leaps maybe, but imo you should resist FOMO, you are too late for the Dip.
250, 280, 300 probably some ups and downs in between.
[deleted]
People never stopped, the newtards would just downvote anything that didn’t have fucking rocketship emojis or their spammed tickers.
Yessss my brathaaaaaaaaar
I moved all of my 401k money into PLTR...now my butt hurts.
Imagine not being balls deep in Chinese EV.
Rich getting richer
Good call. Baba makes moves after hours
[removed]
[deleted]
Not that crazy, but i wouldn't risk holding them until expiry, really depends on the premium
Why do I need a boyfriend when PLTR fucks me better than everyone else
Is ark up or something?
I’m already in the 15s April for +250% and the 17.5 July’s for +54% 

Let’s goooooooo
Im not going to check my weight until Jan 1 morning. I've been dieting the last couple months. Started at 235 lbs, last I checked was a month ago, was 217 lbs. Hoping to either be at that level or lower.
mfw i'm a millionaire and about to receive $600 free tendies from the gov
one red day and you went bear? fucking hell m8
Thanks for your response.  If I am understanding correctly,  does Trump just want it repealed bc they are flagging his posts (in his minds taking sides) when they have the protection of 230 protecting them regardless if his posts are true or not?  Almost like cutting your nose to spite your face?  Or why else would the flagging of his posts want him to repeal it?
OK Goggle

do stinks closet early tomorrow?

*ask wsb retard*
Don’t forget to shill your channel on WSB
To me anything gaming related is seasonal. As in Christmas season and plenty of profits to share. 🧐
[removed]
That's not a dip bro. That's called being up 4% at open. Also, how have you been here since 2016 if you're 19 looking for a girlfriend on reddit? Gtfoh with your bullshit. Ima go set up my plays to make money today. You have fun lying in the thread about things you clearly dont understand.
Great info! Do you also use conditions for when to exit a swing trade?
Is it too late for baba calls. Whats the ceiling on this hoe
[deleted]
RIP nubetoob
[removed]
Zero
Will ich no niä* devo ghört han. Woni mi informiert ha, isch Swissquote na di best option gsi für mich.

Wie gsehts mit Kontoführigsgebühre us?

*lol automod het de comment glöscht wege me angebliche ticker symbol wenn ichs mit e statt ä schribe.
[deleted]
it's not even +5% premarket, stop the cap
PRICED IN
It will be down another 1% and my calls will be down another 15%
[deleted]
>Your daily trading discussion thread. Please keep the shitposting to a minimum.

\+ personnally holding calls, of COURSE.
I guess once stimulus hits there accounts they will be back telling us who “r fuk”. I miss when people would be calling out what plays they are in and putting up actual money.
[deleted]
Is ark up?
Water and green tea my guy
I love you, too.
22C 2021
100 shares cost basis $14.50

I aint fuckin sellin. 💎🖐
Someone messaged me to put all my money into CRSR with a gun emoji pointed at my face emoji and said if i don't they will do that to me in real life. 

I'm pretty damn scared and am going to put it all on CRSR as soon as premarket opens
I got banned when I asked why he was doing sponsored stock reviews when he was making like 60k a month just off discord and got promptly banned. Guys a scumbag shill
Down, up, sideways or in a fucking circle I will throw money at Cathie like she's the first stripper I've seen after lockdown
I know what is the name of the twitch stream?
No way. The Nintendo Power Glove 🥊
Imagine not caring about other people.
Most of the country going to into Tier 4 (full lockdown except schools and unis and WFH is encouraged)
Hint to Georgians: we want cash for BABA FDs.
\+ VERY LOW FLOAT , SO MOONIN MADE EASY
Stadia controller is the absolute best.
you love links
We don’t have that kind of shit here from where I live. Also, my shit costs like $2 a pop and recently just bought em yesterday
Me too, 1999, Manumission, some wee sweaty Spanish dude sold me and my pal two each, claimed they were dynamite, took one and after 30 mins felt nothing, same for my pal, we we're raging, got up to find the wee fucking prick to smash him, but we took the other 'dud' pill first...big mistake.
Fresh tendies 😋
You kids are probably too young to remember Blockbuster Video but GME is the same business model.
Anyone else slowly buying DFEN now that 🍊 is out?

@ 16.31, 52wk high 72.28
AI is way over priced imo. I'll wait until its below 100. If not then oh well.
RIP Microvision gang.  

On top of the Hindenberg short, Microvision filed for a 2+ million share dilution to raise capital.
All fake fanfare, goal of which failed miserably except at pissing off the ruler of the country. It seemed like the story was very short and the struggle was over but it was obviously too good to be true and there was a lot more turmoil ahead. Lesson learned by main character. That is why Aladdin never asks Genie for shares of BABA at any point in the movie after that scene
Is there any new news on tsla?
France 3
Do you get a free tshirt at 2500 shares?
I bought my 128GB iPhone 12 PRO for 1900$ here... so yeah .. pretty expensive
It is your money. I just comment what comes to my mind.
baba 245 eod
what’s a stimulus check
$RSI is about to x2.

it's a SPAC ( originally $DMYT) that has just merged YESTERDAY with a company called "Rush Street Interactive".

they changed their ticker last night from DMYT to RSI.

look at it bruthurs and susturs. 

it's +10% premarket.

(RSI is an online gambling company)
Baba is going to get us some money
My dumbass broker closing in 7 minutes, love beeing an europoor
Nope, Nintendo PowerPad
Awesome!  I watched the start of the Challenger launch then went for some food. Looking forward to PLTR also blasting into space!
Been there
If I'm not wrong, PLTR had this same pre marker movement before it ran 8% after being down to 25.... it's about to pop!
BABAbooey making my nether regions tingle
Get some quinine vit c d & zinc homie
Congrats on discovering mean reversion man
ZM calls it is
Yes...Xbox wireless is a close 2nd.
ARRRRRGE YA ALL READY KIDS FOR CHINESE VROOM VROOMS? 🚀
Getting 3k from Uncle Sam
[removed]
Let him, then withdraw it immediately
Have a strange feeling 🛶 is gonna 🌝 today or tomorrow.  Predicting close tomorrow above $18.  Holding 8,000 shares
Is ark up?
[deleted]
🚀  yesterday, 🚀  today, 🌙 2021..
Wut
Futures flat as steam rolled testicles
[deleted]
Never good to let expire a call or put you sold if you want to keep your stock, buy it back 1h before close

If you want your shares called away or get assigned,let them expire.

At expiration of a call you sold, two options: it's ITM they will get called away and you keep the premium + price of shares sokd.

It's OTM it expires, you keep the premium and the shares.

I don't know how E-trade works, but you'll see something
Call xxx yy exp jan21 -1 (the call sold) the market price, p&l etc.

It's straight forward: price of the call is less than the price you sold, you're making money.

Price of the call is greater than the price you sold, if you close at that time it will cost you money.

Don't worry to much, if you have 100 shares on your account and only sell 1 call OTM, the risk you fuck everything is low.
Rinse that booty lol
Whoa, they're not passing the 2k buddy.
Yeah, I’d suck on cathies wood, what’s the big deal? 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
What is it ?
https://twitter.com/DeItaone/status/1344262812802179073?s=19

>*U.K. PRIME MINISTER BORIS JOHNSON TO HOLD PRESS CONFERENCE 5PM (12pm ET)
[deleted]
Yeah haha imagine
So do you think this $600 will just sustain it longer? What specifically do you think the bubble is, a tech/ev bubble?
Yes. Yes he was
[removed]
Nope, switch
The run up to 60 was hype over the NFL season starting, the ESPN deal, and various other team deals. It cooled off when the hype died down.

The latest run up to 55 was interesting but it should some stability in the low 50s throughout December. The last week of trading feels really bad. Went from needing a 15% move up to make decent money on my Feb calls to 50%.

Hope it stops bleeding and starts reversing course real fast.
IV on callS dropped just buy for April
What’s up with AI? Damn thing into drilling biz with PLTR?
I think a big issue for California is the environmental regulations restrict the amount of construction people are allowed to do, in contrast to say Florida, where developers are throwing up Walmarts and apartment complexes left and right. So while hospitals are absolutely different from the former, I think they make it an enormous pain in the ass to build anything, and as a result they clearly have ICU and medical space shortage.
Let him do it he's probably a friendly
Highly, highly doubt it. He and his party are responsible for there being zero additional support provided to people in the several months leading up to the 2020 election, and they still dumpstered the Democrats in the down-ballot races. If bread lines,  and an unprecedented wave of pending evictions weren't enough to get people to vote the GOP out of power, missing out on an extra $1400 check isn't going to do it. Especially when they're spinning this as somehow being the Dems' fault.
> Small numbers are easy to grow a huge %.

Not according to Tesla bears, who've been predicting imminent stop to Tesla's growth for the ... past 10 years.

> Growth % can't keep up once you hit 6 digits.

100% true that - I'd expect 40-50% compound annual growth rate for Tesla for the next decade - and that's an optimistic scenario.

Tesla's "Roaring Twenties". 🤠

It was just funny to apply instant karma to the "Tesla won't be able to grow in China" false narrative with recent growth data...
[deleted]
I know 😔
Yes but here it’s completely crazy and it’s extremely expensive, we also have 17% vat on top …
Never said I’m short selling. You’re the bag holding retard
It’s a trap, sent it to me
Naw
[removed]
I bought it two weeks ago and sold Monday. That ride is over I’m afraid
Is the gamecube controller the most comfortable controller of all time
[deleted]
[deleted]
Gay
It ain't a loss till you sell?
#SOME GUY FROM IRS TRYNA DEPOSIT MONEY INTO MY CAPITAL ONE
[deleted]
It's probably true PLTR won't soar until calls are expired. Why would MM's pump millions into shares when all it will do is put an assload of calls ITM? I should've bought shares instead of long calls. Ugh.
Prince ali, amorous he, ALIBABAAA
Damn well you didn't make any money so you'll be claiming 3k loss on your returns for the rest of your life
Come here and say that to SQ's face
You're the one going on about a dip that never happened. I made 17k yesterday. I do belong here. You? You'll prolly be wiped within the first quarter.
Imagine being poor enough to get a stimulus check 🤷🏻‍♂️
🚀Simp🚀4🚀Cathie🚀gang🚀
[deleted]
I'm gonna start buying puts. Being a bull isn't getting me anywhere
You’re the cunting retard for thinking it was a short sell lmao. It’s a long hold you cunt.
It’s definitely been out there for a while but went by the wayside when AT&T said that they were looking to sell of some assets. I guess it’s coming back around because of the explosion of streaming services of the last year. HBOmax isn’t competing with Netflix or Disney+ right now so the sentiment is adding music with Pandora will give it more ammo.
GME entry yesterday under $19, could be another good chance but selling FD CCs for y'all til then
Gyna not asshoe?
Did anyone get the stimmy check yet?
You're nuts, this stocks more volatile than donnies mental state
Looks like another boring ass day
Appreciate it brother! We’re gonna be good next year
Is that a $600 pending transfer I see 🥰
last month*
Lol it's just a rumour. You can ride the hype, but just make sure to get out before it's confirmed that Tesla isn't using luminar sensors
That was the last two trading days fool
How do you make less than 75k in 2020, serious question? If you're under 20 im sorry and understand.
[deleted]
Ban
!RemindMe 36 hours
Fuck yeah. American Jacobism. I’ll get the guillotine
I stg gold spot price would be 2100 by now but someone keeps manipulating the price trying to make it hit 1887 in honor of the dual wield Model 1887 shotguns that were absolute monster mode until they got patched in MW2
Don't spend it all in one trade.
Bubble wont pop until the Fed raises int rates. Aka 2022. BTFD until then
If you ever wanna bank stand hmu 🤣
It's just a matter of time.
What r u gonna do w it? I don’t get why the media thinks 600 is actually gonna help anyone
[deleted]
My BOX calls like this
That’s what I’m hoping too
[deleted]
Yup. Although CSCO is the #1 all time best boomer stock for theta gang.
Yeah it’s not great. Lack of sleep not helping either
I wish I could record the reactions of PLTR bulls looking on as PLTR does a Challenger
"respected by everyone"
Ouch
Warren Buffet net worth YTD Change: -$2.4 bn, -2.7% YoY 

See billionaires dashboard here: [https://mgmresearch.com/bloomberg-billionaire-index-dashboard/](https://mgmresearch.com/bloomberg-billionaire-index-dashboard/)
I have about $50k in them, they gonna make more
On their transition to software then they ever will with these little Detectors.
Economics has slowly slid down to be a cesspool. There are a few people with similar ideology as me, but lately I think it’s been backfilled with communist and socialist idealists. The reality is communism is a valid economic theory, I just happen to believe it does not work. I browse there still and will challenge some of the views occasionally.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Yeah... it's pretty much the same all over Europe...
Alright boys shits been tanking.....profits been had.....on its way back up
Pltr is so last week you’re a retard
Oh it will

Like Space Shuttle Challenger
no but they can flex with their YTD return
Yeah I got mine last night
I’m hungry for some Kentucky Fried Senator
POV: Doordash Driver insults a millionaire, deletes account in shame.
Oh shit it’s morning
People who think you’ll get wiped from BABA haven’t been paying attention the past couple months. $280 incoming.
No
Kick rocks
Good food, good service, I'm all in on this play.
I just found out today my wife never saw 300... who is she?!!!!!
I wouldn’t consider buying it right now
yikes. i can feel the headache from here
Agreed for the spacs. Similar to most IPOs there is an initial sell-off but then the company itself gets relevant from here on
Positions?

Missed out on Chinese Amazon?  It’s not too late!
🤣 not happening, up 50% yesterday
Place sucks ass
Fuck
In the past we had bubbles because shit got too inflated then popped

Now the average person is ready to BTFD out of any minor correction

I doubt we’ll see a bubble pop again
Lol they’re trading at 1.75 now
He’s a bear, they keep us in check...let him stay. Mods...he stays...thank you
Pls be a bull trap and everything tank
[deleted]
I'll get to you in couple days
I like digging in the bargain bin during these times
I bought 100 shares just to fit in
and what is that ? Direct Assfuck?
Yes.
Panic selling doesn’t happen because of fees. Panic selling happens because people see others get huge returns, over leverage to chase gains, and then don’t want to lose it all when a reversal happens. All of the things you are talking about happened to a lesser degree in the dot com run up, and the well eventually ran dry. Eventually people run out of money to BTFD.
Wieso tradisch nöd über Degiro? Ich zahle da 0.50chf + 0.004chf pro aktie.
Calls on rainforest cafe
Nice
Do u enjoy being poor?
Throw a blanket over him and move on.
Tel Aviv , Israel
Haha
My calls I bought monday never dipped even a little yesterday. So idk what you're talking about.
No U
No way.
“I will direct Capitol police to remove him. Physically if necessary” - Joe Biden, Sept 2020
Cringe
Hit the booger sugar a little too hard last night
Bababababbababab Mohammed alibaba 🚀
Alibaba tho lol
Sure would be cool if Palantir went to the moon today
How impactful is this event expected to be? New to GME
Giving bad analogies and using hyperbole is a great way to fool normies into thinking you have a point.
Where did this rumor originate from tho
Tidal is great tho
Ain’t gonna happen. Military will shoot him, he’s a coward
Just push really really hard
- Denial
DNMR Calls?
What side was he on?
I bet CRM tanks at open. Just like it always does...... draining all hope
So they can write down the maximum amount of gains and get taxed more?
Eat my dongus, you fuckin nerd.
Accept that death is part of life.
it depends whos richer lol
Where are you from?
Pls post link
hey why you are so fucking impatient? there’s something called a DA you retard
If I were to make a SPAC, I would call it Death Star. It's primary business would be to short unprofitable SPACs and other businesses. Literally free money imo.
Buy baba only buy JD if baba gets fucked (it won’t)
Feeling that Love Quotient and Alibaba Intelligence ❤️🇨🇳🐂📈🚀🚀🚀
I just got mine $600 payment 🥳
Is that the Red Queen from the first Resident Evil movie?
[removed]
[removed]
Yeah im literally drinking tons of water and trying to urinate every 10 minutes! Thanks for the advice.
You can raise your credit score with experian boost!

Bigger credit score.... more shady loans.
[deleted]
Where you getting that info?

Edit: Found it. The dude was fucking 75 with serious health problems. Meanwhile a 41 year old republican member of the House just died of covid.
What?
Yeah... Knee AP
puts
You forgot the part in the movie where they are stabbed in the back and all get slaughtered...
The bears have a long way to go on GME. The MOASS is intact until we see GME dip below $12.
I don't seem to have that option on WeBull. What platform do you use?
What happened? Do you have a link?
PLTR was up PM yesterday after a -8% day

You're going to get fucked
🧁🧁🧁🧁
Sigh. I know. Wtf can we do.
BABA puts at open?
Really thought it’s time to sell the last couple of days but now after reading , I’m holding and will add on any weakness as well . In my country iPhones 12 sales are booming , it’s impossible to get a new phone right now at the resellers , most are already out of stock so they get orders only … thanks
Imagine calling yourself a wsber and can't claim you were part of the GME play. Even talked shiet about it... Your grandkids will laugh at you

10 shares to make a claim. That's like 1 pound of  wagyu lol
There’s goes SQ’s premarket gains, like always
That have already been used
F
What your smelling is not a bull trap...it’s bullshit
How do I know you ask...I’m a zoologist

Good morning folks...I’m awake
What if Trump just refuses to physically leave the White House?
Stock is already up almost 2% this morning and will easily race back to the 28 level. By then i should be up 5k
hey so why are s p a c s sucking horse cock & balls ?
I guess I'll never make money again
and GME is up like a shit ton percent. What is your point here?
Need to buy baba ASAP ugh
Just use your paper hands
By wearing your mask and staying indoors, isolated from social contact.
Try vega neutral trades on spy im obsessed
That's how I feel everytime I come on this sub
[deleted]
SKLZ
If we perform -2 to 4% and they perform -20 to 40%, they are 10X better than us.
 Can’t argue with that logic
ok here is a simple trick I found to make u rich

PUT UR FUCKIN STIMMY ALL IN NIO OPTIONS U FUCKTARD
Buy more!
Until it expires worthless
Buy at $20.  Set sell at $21.50. Repeat
[Here you go](https://www.reddit.com/r/tax/comments/kgd6u2/am_i_going_to_be_in_big_trouble_did_i_break_the/)
Then stop buying meme stocks
Wtf so much interest for SNAP 1/8 57c 😂
I think you're confusing chinese with the japanese.
Gme calls you'll be fine.
They can get stuck so don’t let it go too long
Gme gang we avg down tomorrow for the onslaught.
[Right here.](https://www.reddit.com/r/tax/comments/kgd6u2/am_i_going_to_be_in_big_trouble_did_i_break_the/)
[deleted]
yesterday?😂 bro it dipped Monday
totally agree, it’s so annoying, I don’t watch any videos when there’s a mouth open thumbnail
I bought the dip. I'm way up
It did though. And my 12/31 call died Monday.
Lmao a Wendy’s casino
Seems to be the common consensus
BABA 1/15 260 how long we holding?
It was referred to as a “husk” of a company by the same dudes that outed NKLA. They said it was even worse and they have it shorted to $1.50.. check out the Hindenburg Group.
Actually, yeah. No more calling shady brokers, no fees. People just BTFD on everything. The market is *substancially* different now.
*20p
Yessir
Really wishing I bought more than 1 BABA 2/19 235c on the dip last week...
[deleted]
I think it fucking sucks
honeywell is a good long idk about options
Nope
**Less** than

**L**ess than

**<**ess than

The “less than” sign looks like a squished **“L”**
Why wear a jacket when it's 5 degrees outside? Less than 1% of people exposed to cold weather end up with hypothermia so why should I keep warm when there's a 99% survival rate? Such a small chance of dying hahaha
[deleted]
Bought myself an oculus quest 2 with some of my tendies. I'm an old man and that shit is wild.
Not gonna be the first time he gets fucked over by some greedy degenerates.
[deleted]
PLTR smells like a Bull trap
Technical sales tax is the most regressive type of tax, but whatever. Should be a flat percentage
Lol @ fuckers posting diatribes of "investment advice" in the daily. WTF is gonna read all the shite?
[deleted]
This - it's really not complicated. I give you money, you do things that benefit me.
Yeah
No? Link?
Nope. People just like TSLA.
there’s a fucking plastic spac now? This is too much lol
Nope. We have the full 6.5 hours to lose money!
Why does SQ want to buy Tidal? I also like to burn money
This morning I vowed to go 24 hours without checking the market. 2 hours later and I'm struggling to prevent myself even from checking pre market.
🧂
Look at all of the people who drank dihydrogen monoxide and later died!
you gotta wait for the presentation and earnings pump, have some patience
[removed]
Lmfao
Bro what are you talking about
nopeee
In this case that's kind of true.
“Stock broker” make that back in movies. “Stocks” just a lot of numbers that, if they have any historical references, sometimes goes from 150k to 0. 

Do you get depressed when you lose 50k on an option? Do you spend a lot of time talking about how it’s going to be great to retire from stocks by yoloing?

That’s called a pipe dream and means you aren’t happy here and now.

All you get talking about money is gold diggers wondering why you haven’t spent $500 on them this week. 

Hide your money. Live on half of what you make. Don’t say where you work. Don’t say you like stocks.
I don’t normally downvote things but it also hurt those of us with 50k accounts too..
Looks like most of my portfolio
Post about how long it may be until I hit a 100 bagger
https://m.imdb.com/news/ni63143125
Bounces off 20-22 every week. Literally the most painful stock I ever owned. Sold that shit.
PLTR 30c 1/15?
It wont but I definitely love your enthusiasm
Covid was going to swear him into office? I'd like to have seen that...
Is 12/31 far enough away? I got quite a few of those
Markets have always done better under dems . Even if all the Republicans freak out it's only like 30% of America and how many of that 30% invest and speculate ? Do what you're supposed to . Buy the dip. Sell covered calls for huge gains. Pork hamwallet and buy a couple yachts to be lifeboats for your mega yacht . With jetskis that also look like mini yachts.  PLTR 🚀
Darn skippy
💎🎮💎
Stfu
[deleted]
good bot
Fuuuuck, this is scary being a college athlete and none of my friends give a fuck about Covid bc they think it’s not a big deal for young healthy people
Jan 21 30C despite knowing the ya the target isn’t expected to be announced towards the latter half of Q1? Uhhh...
My option portfolio beat my stock portfolio by a wide margin this year.
The second part.
pltr will save USA
Get that fear mongering outta here
Buy Crowdstrike at the open, it literally can't go down.🚀
Sir this is Wendy's
...and PLTR?

(Please say PLTR. Please fly)
They’re closed on Friday 😞
link to the song https://youtu.be/BLeOcCeqsfI
Bitch Mitch being a bitch. Shocker.
I don’t think BB going past ten is unreasonable by 9/21, especially if their car technology comes to fruition. I own shares
Strapped in and ready to lose more money today
[removed]
Kill the bears, buy GME
This time, it’s different
Yes. But use google.
tell her: dont panic and annoy me🖐🏽💎🖐🏽
41 is young. Scary shit. Life is fragile. Cherish it while you can.
[deleted]
[deleted]
sector rotation into Cathie G lets goooo
Like an ass, this sub gets pumped, dumped, and subsequently wiped periodically.
Puts.
Hey fuckface, just wanted to check in like I said I would.  Up 40k so far on BABA, and that's not counting the gains it has made premarket today already.  No wonder you are fucking broke talking about diamond handing 300 shares of GME you fucking retard.  You are stupid, broke, and when you talk like you know more than everybody else, you look like a big fucking dummy.

Don't worry though, I'm going to check in again after the new year and update you on how much bigger that 40k profit has gotten.  Have you ever had 40k in your entire portfolio before?  I've got 10k shares of GME, you want me to lend you a couple so you can "diamond hand" them for me?  You probably hold a lot tighter than me since 300 shares is a significant portion of your portfolio, I'm not as pressed about it as you.

Hope you're a better accountant than you are a stock trader, you stupid arrogant fuck.  Big dicks coming through.
🌈🐻 are among us
Is it too late to get into honeywell because of the CO2 detectors for the dry ice used to hold the vaccine cold?

 Or is the company too big to have any reactions to the sales of the detectors?
Anyone who thinks they are a genius getting in on baba now has no idea how completely fuk they are going to be
Just got off of the phone with President Putin from the Russian Federation. Very nice man. We spoke about many many things. Very great man. The fake news treats him just like they do me. He said that they had nothing to do with the hacking whatsoever. All of our intelligence officials are very WRONG!
The most promising stocks for 2021 are getting dumped so hedgefunds can get in low at the start of the year and ride it all the way to the end of the year.

best examples are SQ, NET, CRWD and TTD
This should be read in Obi Wan's voice
Holy shit. Calm down Chad Dickens.


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Here's a quick high-level view this morning. I won't talk about individual stocks, but this is what the Street is looking at this morning. It's also ridiculously quiet, so there's no liquidity and no news flow....

# Three things:

* **The stimulus debate is a lot of noise right now:** Ignore the whole debate about the $2,000 checks. It isn't likely to happen despite some scattered GOP support. McConnell won't bring it up without tacking on other issues like Section 230, which is a non-starter for Dems (and a lot of Republicans, tbh)
* **The Georgia runoffs are the bigger deal:** The polls are tightening, and there's certainly a chance the two Dem challengers can take the contests. It's probable the two GOPers win, but we need to start thinking about pricing in a 50-50 Senate. That means a bigger stimulus would in the works, but strategists have gotten completely tied up with the idea that a split government is a better backdrop for stocks.
* **Inflation expectations are rising:** TIPS is at a 2+ year high, which reflects a more optimistic outlook for 2021 and beyond, but higher rates are also a risk to stocks. It's also going to put pressure on the Fed to do something - most likely start buying at the long-end of the curve. Or maybe they don't do anything (they haven't so far).

# Read these:

[**FT**](https://www.ft.com/content/5da13bdb-6285-4472-96ab-5f30e9422ba6) **- US to test investor appetite with deluge of long-term Treasury sales**

* Treasuries serve as a key benchmark for other types of debt, meaning a rise in US government borrowing costs could cascade across the broader fixed-income landscape. Higher yields also represent one of the main risks for the equities market, analysts have said.

[**WSJ**](https://www.wsj.com/articles/record-ipo-surge-set-to-roll-on-in-2021-11609324381?mod=hp_lead_pos4) **- Record IPO Surge Set to Roll On In 2021**

* Those gains raised eyebrows among some who worry the IPO market is overheating, and draw parallels with the period before the internet bubble burst in early 2000. They point to a surge in interest among individual investors, many of whom use a popular brokerage app run by Robinhood Financial LLC. If history is any guide, they say, such investors are liable to run for the exits as soon as markets reverse course.
* Colin Stewart, Morgan Stanley’s global head of technology equity capital markets, said investors have “limitless interest” in certain stocks, particularly those that have captured the imagination of retail investors. “The moves and valuations of certain stocks are not necessarily based on business fundamentals,” he said.

[**BBG's**](https://www.bloomberg.com/opinion/articles/2020-12-30/mythical-hedge-fund-hindsight-capital-scores-big-in-2020?sref=J9GPLx1B) **John Authers - Hindsight Capital’s 2020 Was Great. Wasn’t Yours?**

* Is Hindsight Capital a fair benchmark for others? No. Everyone in the real world has to hedge against the possibility that they are wrong. Foreseeing the pandemic from the evidence available last December would have been difficult. But only a few assumptions were needed to make Hindsight’s trades: the pandemic would affect the economy, the West would deal with it far worse than Asia, and the main response would be cheap money. Throw in the implosion of OPEC+, which again could be seen coming, and it turns out most of these trades could have been put on without much hindsight at all.
Ok, boomer
Vitamin dick
Sick flair
[deleted]
Going for the kill shot before we moon to 400
When did you buy in?
A congressman died at age 41 two days before he was gonna be sworn into office from Covid? 

I’m hearing two different things. Half are saying heart attack, other half are saying covid. You can already tell which side is saying what. But damn that’s crazy.
Not obvious if you do the dd. Only pennystock i have btw.
Back a couple years ago a coworker of mine peed out a kidney stone during lunchbreak. No treatment beforehand.

According to the janitor "shit was bloody yo"
Not what I wanted to wake up to. Looking like another red day
[deleted]
Chinese stocks are hardworking and have high IQ unlike lazy and fat american stocks
I was going to say it as well. Out of principle, I never watch a discussion video over 6 minutes time or if the thumbnail includes the person making more than a subtle expression. 

way too many 10:05 videos pumped to the gills with filler b/c other people do it as well.
F
Bus ticket to gamblers anonymous
Selling theta on boomer shit = $$$
i mean: electric cars + china. i see big gains and tendies comingg ✊🏽💦
Kamikaze cash is great. One of us
Exactly the same sitting on 5.5k w of ipof and 2k w of psth! Patiently w8ing
Theres plenty of us
Do markets close early Thursday
Tried to catch a falling knife w PLTR and today 🚀🚀🚀
Buying 10 shares of GME at open cause I’m home sick and need something to live for today
> dumbest people in the nation

Which is exactly why they elect him in a landslide every time. He just got re-upped for another 6 years. 

It'd be one thing if he was just a senator elected by a bunch of racist hillbillies, but he's the head of the Senate because the GOP has a senate majority and GOP senators vote to put him in charge. States vote in those GOP senators. The GOP won like every 'close' congressional race in this year's election. After a spring, summer, and fall of zero additional support for citizens, almost half of them, and more than half the states, said "yeah, gimme more bread lines!". They would rather the turtle gridlock government than ~~help those who are suffering from the pandemic economy~~ fund our YOLOs.
Convinced the red days were because i showed my parents how much money i made
It won't be at open.was 2.40 a few hours ago. Europoors taking profits so will likely open lower than it closed yesterday. And a lot of people were buying end of day.
Obvious pump and dump
Solid dd im in
Flair better than mine
I thought midichlorians are good for you?
PLTR hurt itself in its confusion!
I have leaps and shares and sell covered calls to lower my cost basis. Just shitposting given that price action has been annoying at open lately for my leaps and shares.
We out here
I legit don't care what anyone else thinks about my method because if it works, that's all that matters. What's yours? I'd love to hear.
Are there other factors besides Covid that have caused it to go from 60 to 40?
Come on man don't even joke about that. I put 12k in pltr calls yesterday
Im glad Americans decided to elect a visionary who will implement CA policies as broadly as possible.

Remember to wear your mask as you legally seed someone with your HIV though, it is your patriotic duty
Nah, gna go straight down again as soon as market opens
This is no DD
California needs to lockdown harder so we can catch the states that never locked down..
Reminder that it’s Wednesday today
They all dead
 Ryan Cohen now owns \~12% of stock as an individual investor  ( was at 10% so a 2%  gain)
This man really said lumberbridge
Reply if kno
Let’s make it 20%
It's up $6 in premarket
[removed]
🥳
The Green Ripper
Get a job
"gaybears need to be executed, your honor"
Yeah that slight 40% positive dip
Inverse WSB. Selling on open later.
Coordinated account posts, with replies. Gorilla Warfare for pump and dump strikes will show up. Good luck getting the SEC to say it was manipulation.
Going flat might be a sell off today
You don't think TSLA is a bubble?
It hasn’t gone up enough yet
lost everything and got 50 bux left. What's the move boiz?
Volume in this thread so low, a lot of people got wiped out yesterday?
Same target here. Really looking forward to earnings with an NFL season in the books.
Really hoping I can get my GME calls all the way down to $0 today
#ARKG looks like it’s going to bust a sweet sweet bull nut today baby 💦💦💦💦
Theres a lot of money to be made on pltr in january at the current price. Will be riding stimulus news to greatness when mitchy passes the 2k checks on monday.
markets closed on friday?? I can't handle this
Paper hands
Yo that shit hurts.
I am fighting for my life
Pltr is confused
So, buy Tesla?
Square will definitely only go up from here
This
Drilling upwards
wait, the one with loads of DD, links to Amazon WS and saying it'd slayer Tesla and calling everyone out for making fun of BB as a boomer shitter?
This ^ fueled by pure fomo ANd speculation since they don’t even have a target
PS5 acquisition talks with local retailers going well
100 million is nothing. EU has ordered 160 million doses from Moderna and the stock doesn't move much. These orders aren't doing much. I have moderna calls and they have 500 million doses ordered just for the first half of 2021 but stock has been on the downward trend for the past month. Lost 35%
fuck your penny stocks

BAN
AMC offering-50miion shares. Bullish
Argh the hopes u gave us....
Nobody asked you to read it, i warned you that it was a very long post
Where were you when NIO reached the stars ✨🌙🚀🚀
Scariest thing for me was that NCAA basketball player who was like pre season all American just dropped like a fly during a game.
I agree 100 procent
140 by eoy 2021
ARKG is slightly up pre market
They were February calls has time to run
i just woke up is my pltr goig to 🚀?
Theta gang are worse than 🌈🐻
Bunch of people expecting airlines and cruise lines to go back to pre-covid levels. Except they are forgetting how much debt or dilution they have introduced in the past year.
Appreciate it!
eat beets
Good for swing trading.  That’s it
What you taking about. Look at the 1 year chart Maggie
[deleted]
Title says undervalued, first sentence says overvalued. No fundamental support, not much real insight.

I’m in.
Gonna be a red day for your toilet bowl. God speed.
Ouch. Hope you’re ok.
Trade talks and stimulus talks going very well.
But Ma-Ma-Momma says China is the DEVIL
Imma need CRSR to get some traction today.
hey, uh, autist retard back here again, asking for help. I finally googled what ZFN is. It seems to come down to ZFN vs TALENS vs CRISPR. And SGMO seems to have a monopoly of patents on ZFN. but ZFN is old news compared to CRISPR?

TLDR: My SGMO calls jan 2022 35C dumped 35% in a single day after yesterday. Should I dump them?
I don't think we can hit 377 by tomorrow. It'd have been cool if it did. Portfolio could have ready 100k then.
Get that early morning bingo dip.
Good luck bro
[deleted]
My SIRI calls are gonna print if AT&T buyout is announced today. HBOmax/Pandora combo gonna suck in all that boomer money. 

Check that price action on SIRI at the end of the day.
I had myocarditis. Shit was not fun. Pretty sure i was going to die at one point
Definitely hope it's not a red day for you
Any thoughts on $RKT ???
Thanks lots for your post , very helpful , I’ll keep holding …
suck jack ma
[deleted]
Thanks! I've watched a lot of videos and I'm just worried about the whole closing/opening it in the first place. Buying it back if I need to, or letting it run and just expire. If I let the call go to expiration, it just expires on its own and I keep the premium right? If I'm considering buying it back, E-Trade will show the profit/loss on it the entire time?
Too long.

Ban.
[removed]
A lot of SPACs are trading 2x IPO price even though no merger has been announced 😂😂 paying $20 to redeem for $10 if no one presses the trigger is ridiculous lol
🐝 100 shares and 2023 covered call
amazon calls
Shit Im waking up early cuz I think im passing a kidney stones, cant pee and feel pain!

Hope today is a green day.

Edit: thanks y'all drinking some pain reliever and letting it ride!
Who the fuck have this retard with no income $100k in margin lol
Well, YOLOs and whores always go together, plus coke.
weve been getting healthy dumps on meme stocks.
You can sell near-NAV puts on some spacs
[deleted]
I’m so tempted to double down a second time today. Fml
*so maybe you should sell at open*
Get fucked bear bitch
It's up 3% in Pm?
Withdraw and buy breakfast
**Saying it again:** 500k vehicles delivered is already locked in for TSLA. All e-mail leaking and street gossip is just wise-ass PR. CFO Zack Kirkhorn knows his shit and has been fucking over the mkt big time this year. He's played a big part in Elon's learning to under promise and over deliver.

TL;DR: Never bet against TSLA but 500k is likely a sell the news event. If they beat by a big margin like 10+% then we're talkin'
SPY already dumpin. My 1dte puts might actually be ok
Not for long 😂
So many lawsuits in the coming years from this shit. No wonder the senate red team was willing to bend over backwards for corporate protections in the stimmy.
NIO I need one of those nice 6-8% green days.
If you’re jumping ship on the ARK etfs because they dropped a few bucks then you’re a puss lmao

They *always* bounce back higher.
Not to get greedy and don't have fomo. Besides that, it's just honing down the strategy that works for you and your schedule to get to a confident point. Plus, cut losses quickly is a big one.
[deleted]
Fuck you, Im in.
Finally, my $8 l deposit are now available to trade, what’s the play?
[deleted]
Lol. Come on, I've been the biggest baba pumper this week. Check my comments.
2020, 2020 I, 2020 II, ...
The Paul Revere line is gold. 🚀🚀😂🚀
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/Ais_4 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
THE.
[deleted]
[removed]
Russian hackerz
[deleted]
Was up 6% in HK
Alex Karp made all these accounts, gonna meme us to death. All I know is I’m buying mo mo mo PLTR
The influx of retail traders not giving a shit about all that has made them irrelevant. I don’t think it’s a bubble, I think it’s the way the market will be from now on. Average people are buying things they like.

So yeah, SPY / ARK leaps
BAN
Look at the bagholder
Yes
Ive never done one because I’ve never been a diamond hands man, kind of a paper hands boy
Ha gay!
If? Checks and direct deposits start today
U can be a bull like me and still make money theta style, just short dated retarded far OTM calls against your long ones.
[deleted]
yeah todays gonna be guh as fuck 🤢
have you tried putting it in a bag of rice?
Guh, probably nothing but it will light up facebook and twitter all week. And the 'fake news' crowd will feel legitimized because it's from a reputable source they just ripped 37 seconds ago for being MSM propaganda. And I hate everything again
hard to take the flu seriously
Remind me how a $10 redemption option at merger makes them risky?
No
**I am a bot and identified and tracked the following options picks within this post:**

|**Ticker**|**Strike**|**Type**|**Exp**|**Recorded Premium**|**Recorded Stock Price**|**OI**|**Volume**|
|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|
|**PLTR**|**$26**|**BUY CALL**|**2021-02-19**|**$3.15**|**$24.66**|**4609**|**0**

[Realtime ROI](https://www.pickmojo.com/pick/ckjbed60ab5of0794r9bil2tb) | [Track Record](https://www.pickmojo.com/user/onyxia17/) | [Bot Info](https://www.reddit.com/r/pickmojo/comments/he9ghu/options_picks_tracking_bot_information/) | Leaderboard: [Week](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-week-reddit), [Month](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-month-reddit), [All](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/top-reddit) | [Exit this position](https://www.pickmojo.com/reddit_redirect)

**^(*Recorded after market close, will be recorded at the next market open if the premium is within 10% margin. My owner is monitoring these posts, reply with feedback! You can now track comments by mentioning me!)**
Yup. My gain to buyback is 50% but I do the same for the securities I sell cc's.
I’m unsure, it hasn’t updated for some real brokers yet
Floor 🙏
https://twitter.com/greta/status/1344237734941044736?s=21
Crazy man.
[removed]
Charred, locked into pseudo house arrest, and losing both population & businesses to better states?
Nope
The democrats far left? Lmao
Yeah, if my trading fees weren't so high I'd constantly sell at 5% gains...

(Robinhood doesn't exist in Switzerland. I pay about 0.25-5% per trade depending on size.)
[deleted]
Will it list on Robinhood start of session?
GNOG
Really don’t want nio to sell off at open but that’s literally what happens everyday so who knows😞
I too would like to make money on PLTR
ThetaGang ate when it tanked, it’s everyone else’s turn now
You didn't see uncle ben die in the gutter did you .
Yes assuming your a professional trader.
Yeah 12/31 645s are stressed but it’s up. Why the good news?
So the bubble is building bigger than ever, no one cares because those that are buying still are price insensitive or pure fomo (retail). P/E are at ridiculous highs across the board and money is now flowing into the absolute riskiest assets because their P/E’s aren’t insane yet (SPAC’s). 

Now the question is how do I make money on this? Leaps on ETF’s? SPAC warrants? Spy shares?
You need his concentrated quail egg juice but at the same time, the virus is a hoax dontcha know?
😭😭😭😭😭
1/1/2021: Covid magically disappears, sending out a tweet before departing "Fuck y'all 2020 over, I'm out."
Nobody is gonna mess with vies. Absolutely nobody.
airlines declared bankruptcy several years after 9/11. this is likely why buffett sold

once they start making money again, they'll chapter 11 to restructure their debt, and renegotiate contracts for employees, suppliers, etc.

cruises will likely follow suit as well. shareholders would be wiped out

plenty of shit left to hit the fan still
Listening to gangsta music
Selling weeklies, usually I buy a share or two with the proceeds
1000 contracts is amazing. I can't even imagine what that's like, it's so much money. Is your expiration at least a few days out?
today's outlook on ARKG and ARKW? Have they hit the floor, or time to jump ship?
So it's good, sell a 28c on Friday for the next friday.

If in a day you make 40%, close and reopen, if not leave it running.

Don't wait for exp to close it, when your reach 80-90% close it and reopen if there is still some meat on weekly FDs
Retire
How many of these PLTR is undervalued posts are we gonna see? This is like #8.

Take your meds dude, you're having a manic episode.
baba drilling?
[deleted]
[deleted]
Looking forward to the gain porn post
Cathie, I'm going trust your "5 year horizon thesis" and I'm gonna hold my shares like a boomer.
No penny stocks or small market cap < 1 billion USD.

Read the posting guidelines before shitting up the sub.
This is the way
Smash your phone and tell her you can’t check
Your post has been removed because a single link is insufficient DD. Please review the following links before resubmitting.

Please note that abusing DD flair can lead to getting banned.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

[How to conduct DD](https://www.wallstreetoasis.com/forums/on-the-job-with-simple-as-my-research-process)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I’m holding some Tesla shares for the long term. My shares portfolio beat my options portfolio by a wide margin this year
Not gonna happen, unfortunatley.
I'm feeling really bullish on $DKNG, especially with the NFL playoffs about to start. If stimulus gets passed I could easily see it rocket up to $80  🚀 🚀
Hooker and blow. Works everytime!
Will you rocket me up, will you keep commissions down?
Will you take me right out to the awesome tendie town?
Will you make it all a little less red?
Death is preferable
Biggest market manipulation ever lol fuck these sellers shaking out the paper hands, we BTFD
[deleted]
Thanks
DELIST ALL THE CHINA STOCKS
Pretty sure they make space rockets
BABA 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Na still bag holding from earlier this month
some people here just never fucking learn
not bad. heardd it was 50% before.
A butt plug would work too.
Help! 

My wife likes to know where all the money went
[deleted]
are my pton calls going to be worthless?
There’s gonna be people that die and also have gotten the shot
bears are so nutritious.
Continue to hold. Long term play.
tendies postponed until 2021. keep the faith!
Hold my 3 shares
[deleted]
Pls no
So Alex Jones was right?
So chick fil a tendies instead of wendys
Yep and it only needs to be applied to around 20% of the population before society is completely done with this.
I bought Vail.  I have 50% gains on it and it hasnt budged .
What will you do if BABA SHOT UP TO 280EOD?
Baba if you could stay ranging around 250 until January. My theta gang plays wanna eat too 💰😋
Ask JP Morgan permission to allow it to be $30
Quick someone get the Dirt Devil!
PLTR nooooooo go back to red so u close green EOD
[deleted]
[deleted]
My 760c loves this
Its up almost $20 between yesterday and after hours lmao. A slight pullback is needed. Buy the dip.
Warren Buffet? Never heard of her...
ATL**
Very true
When was your expiration date?
This is what happens when you buy 59 instead of 69 contracts. Let this be a lesson to us all
No no you gotta do it like Graham. Cut some onions then take a thumbnail of yourself in tears with the caption "How I lost everything on GME." Then open your video "WhatsupguysitsGrAhAmHERE. DESTROYthatlikebuttonfortheyoutubealogrithmmmmmhhhnmgggm! Now, how did I lose my money on GME? I didn't, because I'm not a fuckin retard like you. Now go try and flip a foreclosure and buy etfs or tsla calls or something."

Perfection.
[deleted]
Now it is data
PLTR green pre market?? You know what that means! We dumping right at open again, just like every other fucking day
[deleted]
[deleted]
just so you know what number is most likely _after_ it was adjusted 3 times to look each superior look better
Uninstall RH and come back to it like 8 months later
*GNOG* ugly ticker till you find out what it means
Need to get rid of the tax code and make it all sales taxes instead of income taxes and bs. Why I have to pay income tax then pay sales tax on top of it and 50 other taxes
Geez alright you 22 year old with 1100$. We will catch up soon
HAHAHA THIS POST DESERVE A PLATINUM AWARD!!
BABA 

TSLA

AMD

Hope is a weapon
Dude, this is not a bad buy AT ALL. If you wanted to reap instant profit, you shouldn't go long.
If only the rest of the country had taken covid more seriously we would all be like CA
ok rain man
BABA Dump resumes 🥺☠️
[removed]
Sell covered calls at a strike you are comfortable being exercised away. Or buying them back to close at a loss depending on premium. For example my minimum strike for pltr specifically is 28c to cap gains at 40% if I had to sell. If not well cool premium.
I know the feeling man. Even though the calls don't expire for more than another year these losses hit hard. I'd say hold because stock can go back to 30 in about a month. I sold 30 baba calls on Monday and took a 6k loss in just couple days. And then stock popped yesterday and is up again this morning. I missed out on 25k gain
The bill to revise the initial bill did not remove the pork, thus it wasn't offered to the Senate for unanimous consent. Augmenting the direct stimulus while leaving pork intact is specifically why it was stopped.
you may get audited if you do this
I very recently got my setup down after so much trial and error, so check back in about a month and I'll let you know.
is tezla gonna rise forever?🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩
I’ll be back with more pixie magic, don’t worry
Hop on.MP at open; it's poised for recovery
Hold wtf. Dude you have 2+ years for the stock to move. Start selling far OTM weeklies and chill
An Indian series named 'Scam 1992'
[deleted]
... My mother's always stressin' I ain't livin' right.
Me everytime I wake up
I will be messaging you in 2 months on [**2021-02-28 12:21:17 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2021-02-28%2012:21:17%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://np.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kmu1lj/the_2000_shimmy_will_come_down_to_section_230/ghhrob9/?context=3)

[**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fkmu1lj%2Fthe_2000_shimmy_will_come_down_to_section_230%2Fghhrob9%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202021-02-28%2012%3A21%3A17%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%20kmu1lj)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|
BABA 🚀🚀🚀🚀
\+4% TSLA day on the cards just like that
buy GME shares, they will suck out your monies
Feeling like I can predict the future after buying BABA at 52 week low and making 12%
Will you be first in line for that Chinese knockoff bullshit?
Sir, this is a casino
Australia? Not yet.
[deleted]
TSLA🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
[deleted]
BABA 🚀🚀🚀
[deleted]
Seems... one might even aspire to do both?
I don’t think they’re bots, I think they’re 20 year olds with $1000 trying to get rich. Annoying AF either way.
Don't stop Cathie G keep those green dildos coming
Side effects include an unflinching loyalty to the Chinese Communist Party.
[deleted]
I’m the opposite. If I don’t see rocket emojis, I’m not interested
What are these conservatards stirring up shit today? We might have to start the “Mitch the kinda guy...” again
The guy who single handedly crashed the whole stock market. More like the mega mod of wsb ( google harshad mehta)
>	gains

Lol
pltr is the first of many in the next few years imo... i remember a long time ago when it was said that software will eat the world or some shit, well, pltr is like that on steroids and this shit is gonna change the world
Lol nah bro. Husband and kid
I like ZipTrader.
K
Isn’t your continent burning down retard
Dude, you have at least 5 months before you really need to start stressing.
Wow I’m in the June 2021  $300 strike and I’m up 48%
[deleted]
$240 7/19/2020 I was up 9k on my BABA calls yesterday and I didn’t sell, I knew diamond 💎 🙌 was the move
Coffeezilla has outed a lot of the fake gurus. It’s kinda his thing now, if your trying to find frauds look at his videos
GME 🚀🚀🚀🚀
In other news, sky is blue and water is wet. More at 9:30
Definitely hold, it'll get better
Yes
Anger
Well the lock up period is about to end. You’re about to be A LOT more negative on those.

However, after awhile it’l bounce back and eventually you will be green. Good thing you bought leaps.

Stop asking broke strangers for financial advice.
!remind me in 2 months
Audrey’s expecting! Tendies!
Get out. Shit is a shilled facade of tendies.
[deleted]
I hope anyone with real DD isn’t plastering rocket emojis all over it. I ignore any post with a rocket emoji.
**SOMEBODY SUCK ME**
[deleted]
They won’t tho
[deleted]
Anyone here use Toggle to aid their half-assed DD? I like the idea of what it does but not sure I should take any of it seriously ever.
How many bots spam tickers here? Do they come with build-in retarded AI?
I sit alone in my four cornered room staring at red candles
I wonder what C O P E places like CA will come up with next.
Nah, handle goes right up its ass. Definitely 🌈 🐻
“Tesla could reach 500,000 deliveries in 2020 thanks to strength in China, late push in Europe, US: Wedbush”

Umm, for a stock at that valuation, there shouldn’t be a fucking “could”.
Hohooo woah bro that’s gnarly, good shit
Upvote if retarded
Flair etc
Hold
Ayyy guaglioooo !
California clearly shows that draconian measures are the way to go, truly a shining example to mankind in all ways
The last time I tried to recommend a stock in this sub I was banned for 90 days so I quit posting here. Just here now for the entertainment and to know what not to buy.
You've got me there
This is the way.
That's even worse! If you are going to lose money, make sure it's not yours lol
What happened. Big institution monitoring or all the retards left?
[deleted]
Man, I’ve been getting absolutely destroyed past 3 days in PLTR calls. What should I do with these? Hold? This fucking sucks. 

https://imgur.com/a/PyFWC41
So unloading 54 k into baba calls eod yesterday like a retard was pretty cool. Thanks boys couldn’t have done it without you.
Mmmm gotta love that first PLTR red dildo of the day. My butthole has been blown out by this shit everyday, I’m ready 😥
You probably beat women
[deleted]
BABA BOYS ANOTHER DAY IN TENDIE LAND
[deleted]
TACO 

BUY TACO

TACO

BUY TACO

There we go, it aint WSB without shilling a ticker at a bad time with ZERO DD
SHIT RN...P LTR...
Because California has been SO successful 🤡
Asked you who
Too big to mater
i just read all of deltalake's DD's on PSTH 2 days ago and immediately bought $25c for 2/19, because why not.

Then I read this, and I'm like fuck...sound's a lot like deltalake
Every. Time.
Not loving these 5 min candles rn
Don't forget to do a thumb nail holding up some amount if fingers "BUY THESE 3 STOCKS"
Mitch hiding the stimmy in his neck pouch
- Denial
Yes. But you probably don't want to go down that route. It's kind of a pain in the ass
This is the way
Bullish

   ***Chinese Covid-19 Vaccine Is 79% Effective, Interim Phase 3 Results Show***
Mods
Wont happen until mitch passes the big stimmy. Hell stall til monday to drop it right before the georgia runoffs and see if he can get dems to make dumb concessions in the meantime. He needs to pass it to hold onto power, but he has no incentive to do so before new years. Dude is sociopath, but it also makes him one of the greatest masters of political brinksmanship of our time.
Got burnt bought 30C silver calls back in aug, expiring today. Never again
My trading stories are only boring because I can't afford a Range Rover yet
Strike price? I’m in at open
Think quite a few people got wiped the fuck out the last few days. Somber mood follows.

F
**BUYING BABA IS THE MOST AMERICAN THING YOU CAN DO**

1) Help Jack Ma stick it to those commie bastards

2) The stimulus check will cause more inflation, buying CHYNA stocks sends money out of America
[removed]
Picked up five shares yesterday (to add to my PRPL and clang gang positions), and there's more where that came from!
Want to know
*deeper*
Soooo what we buying today? Share your thoughts
[removed]
Not only is it an incredible movie but has also set the tone for animated films in Hollywood, when you ask what movie you want your film to beat its spiderverse.
I think Kayla touchi is
Shhhh. Don’t scare it
Lol pretty... pretty good
PLTR still at the launch pad...                 🌕                                     🏭🏭🏭🏭🏭🚒💦🔥🏗🚀⛽️🔥
[removed]
That sucks hard.... They all so yum 😋
Are you retarded?
Is it worse than “McDonald’s burgers are made from human meat... priced in.”
"moderately"
But make sure you buy at eod for the overnight pump
[removed]
Well that's not very fun.
Prestige Worldwide? Have you ever even been to the fucking Catalina wine mixer?!
Not public yet? Is there a spac for that? Lol
Can I claim part of my house expenses as I use it as my trading office and trading is my job.
GME🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀WOOOOOOOOHHHH
Cuz everytime that happens, PLTR dumps
It’s American. The stimulus is causing inflation, i’m sending half of it to CHYNA to help Jack Ma stick it to those commie bastards while simultaneously helping with the inflation problem.
Yeah we're fucked
AZN vaccine approved for use in UK. 100 million doses ordered.   


AZN London stock price: meh!   


PrIcED In.....
Fuck baba it’s time to buy jd
i made more money 3 years ago trading CSGO skins than with GME shares now
You sweet summer child. This is about the gov budget/900b covid relief bill. The 2k check bill is separate
I can feel it as well
If you loved PLTR at $25 you'll love it tomorrow at $19.99
China likes having access to US capital markets. Anything happens on a VIE level and that whole thing is fucked. Not gonna happen.
I prefer a slightly retarded point of view
It feels like something was taken from this place. Different people with different thoughts are posting and this place feels different. Or it’s just my mind playing tricks on me.
No, they are all married with 3 kids lol.
[deleted]
It’s mostly 20 year olds gambling
It was my only escape from the redneck sports fans of 7th gradse
Lmao fluctuating .3% premarket is taking a dump. Chill
[deleted]
Thanks, i have no level 2 insight
[deleted]
Looks like I'm a little late to this party lol
[removed]
I can already feel spy is going to sell off. It’s a slow and steady pain
Maybe not buy shit tickers that run every couple months on “maybe MSFT will buy it” news just because they get spammed by strangers on reddit
Looks like pltr will be even more on sale today.
Thats retarded, they'd be ruined.
$AMD
Just YOLOed $356,000 on BABA 2 days ago where I don't even own Alibaba shares, but a shell company.
And what did you research tell you about why the company has been valued at less than 50m for the past decade until a couple weeks ago? 

Don’t want your bags bro
[deleted]
Is any cnbc female anchor single??
Whatever u BABA holders do, DO NOT google what a VIE is. Now is not the time for facts.
[deleted]
Well you see, no ones selling and the dips and being bought up. So eventually the price goes up until the market corrects it.
Guy has the strangest double chin
Shares warrants and options
[deleted]
I will sell that to ya
Why is everyone tweaking about pltr up 1% after hours
Always bought the dip and now I have 400 shares. Pleas fly again
This thread does have a different vibe to it and I’ve been trying to figure out why.
MARA also would help.
The Illuminati is real it’s a room full of 6 rich guys who send hookers to congressman
Shit, if only Louisiana had taken covid more seriously that 41 year old would still be alive

They should've listened to Califo..
Sure once abnb drops a notch or two
Income tax bracket
It will get back to $300
Illuminati is reality for idiots. You can literally see how wealthy people control the world there is no secret club.
Theta finna destroy that
That's it TSLA slow and steady to 700 by end of year. Lets go.
They're in the import/ export business. At first only import then now export too. Their CEO is Art Vandelay.
GOP fear mongering saying the market will be red. I've lived through all Dem governments and stocks do what they always do... they go up.
That sounds so sad lol
GME presents on Jan 11th

[full schedule ](https://assets.swoogo.com/uploads/798518-5fd216977c207.pdf)
[deleted]
The market is not open yet & PLTR is fucking me already
Go to r/tax we don’t pay taxes here
[deleted]
STCG is taxed at your ordinary rate.
Since nobody is saying it I guess I will. ABNB 🚀🚀🚀
[deleted]
Yes. 

Whatever accessories you want, you can buy from them. Games too...if you’re digital only type of player, you can buy GC or the digital games from them. 

At the end of the day, people have to help out local physical businesses. You’re essentially helping out the store to remain open and provide some people with a job and means to have an income. GME stays open and relies on the services of other companies and business to operate. Those businesses now don’t have to cut jobs etc. 

Or a person can be a lazy fuck and order everything from a larger competitor online and fuck many things over.
Even most middle class folks don't pay 25%. It will be taxed based on your income tax bracket, regular or long term capital gains.
That's better performance than WBS.
They sell peanuts
Two red days was enough to knock 50% of the new retards with $1500 accounts out of the game. Thankfully.
Equivalent to Tesla 15 years ago.
# **ALL IN BABA**
It’s been a while since I heard a good Illuminati theory
WAH-HEE WAH-HEE WAH-HO HO HO!
I hope you held! How much were you up? 🍻
It could just be a slight prostate infection. But he'll have to stick his finger up your butt to check
the sub slows down when people lose money
[deleted]
My friends first option play was a GME FD on the day Cohen raised his stake. He thinks they’re free money now.. I created a gambling addict..
You should tremble in fear nibba, at this rate it'll soon be as dangerous as flying
How much room for growth do they have? Ipo price would 10x on open and then they'd perform like other gaming/pc stocks.
Consumer facing division of the NSA.
https://www.google.com/amp/s/thehill.com/opinion/finance/531294-congresss-pork-filled-covid-relief-bill%3famp

"So where is the rest of the $1.4 trillion going? 

Glad you asked. 

Exhibit A: "Of the funds appropriated under title III of the Act that are made available for assistance for Pakistan, not less than $15,000,000 shall be made available for democracy programs and not less than $10,000,000 shall be made available for gender programs." Yep. $10 million. For gender programs. In Pakistan. "
Short term capital gains is treated as ordinary income
We need a mod to add a capital gains calculator link like smart asset
Let's get that dough
something something government data
$SLV 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
[deleted]
Koch family, ultra conservatives! They try to bring us back into the 15th century, which does not work in a green boom market!
SPY $350 Put 01/31

Easy money
Way more than that my dude
When NET falls you will get a margin call forcing you to buy back your covered call and selling your underlying for a loss. 

Covered calls are for cucks. Give up multi baggers for pennies. Fucking pathetic.
Why tho
U turned 1 dollar into 1500? HEDGE FUNDS HATE HIM
I'm trying to learn about selling covered calls. Do you think it's a good idea to sell a CC far out of the money 12/31 expiration, just to see how it moves?
I would do anything for love, anything you've been dreaming of, but I just won't sell PLTR 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Whatever it starts at
We need a separate thread solely for noob tax questions
They will buy on market red because that's the best time to cover

They will also buy on market green because well borrow cost is a bitch

In

Cohen 20% stake is around the corner. He will be richer than bezo in 2021
That is only a one thousandth decline on the “don’t give a fuck” meter.
That’s some Inception level SPAC right there.
If by free money you mean giving your money to china for free
This is the truth. I ain't buying at over $20 for some hope of a short squeeze. More people will more likely lose money on GME this late in the game.
Tax question. 

If I'm very poor. Which I am. And I made $ on options. Is it 25% flat tax rate or is it based on my poor unemployment income bracket ? 


Thanks let me know.
Do you need to return that money?
But isnt it smarter to sell weeklies ?
It's especially interesting if you think about where the handle went.
Why is ICLN such a shit tier ETF?
So I’m balls deep in PLTR, anyone knows what they even do ? Asking for a friend
Foley, Ackman and mama cathie is all you need fully diversified
Going forward every drop is due to dividents
No?
California truly doing an amazing job, example to us all
Nope, just made the dumbass mistake of buying when IV was too high last week. I should of bought some around the $230 strike instead of going for quantity
Does wash sale not apply to previous years purchases? Like sell for a loss December, buy back in Jan
This
I second this, BP is a solid option and there is probably a lot of pent up demand for holidays/leisure so this could rebound very quickly. Worst case you hold a bag and sell ccs.
Stop, drop and ROLL
IPOF ain’t merging for a year at least but everyone here got sold a lie
TSLA gapping up
Because he went all in on crsr on Monday, look through his posts and you'll see for yourself.
except that I actually researched the company, their moat, management, etc
Yup.
Let’s cut the crap gay bears. Just let the NQs rally to 13000 already. Don’t even try to short this market.
TLDR: if you have money buy more GME tommorow. If no money, don't open robinhood and see you next year.

Also 🚀
Went from 60% to 6% in the last month . If these calls and stocks dont rise back I quit using that robinhood account . For eva
Does anyone really need to do research on some of them? Like apple? Its Apple! Just buy it!
Super diversified, now you can YOLO it all on a penny stock
When is ICR?
PSTH to merge with IPOF👀
NIO 👀
AAPL gonna flyyyyyy🚀🚀🚀
$SLV to $30 watch and behold fam
Yeah, I made some good money on airlines and cruise stonks. Never felt better knowing I beat that retard once in my life.
Ah the age old story of people working against their own interest

At this point I'm convinced it's an IQ thing
Ohh sucks I made 100% return on my protfilo and got fucked now I need to pay taxes. 


If I lost i would of gotten a tax credit. 


FML should of lost.
I mean BABA is free money right?!? It stills has another 3%+ to run
Joking?
Half as green as it was 20 minutes ago, -10% by lunch
Back to ATH in 2 weeks
When will this ever go back to 30+? Far worse companies have higher stock price than this gem. I have faith.. This will fly 🚀🚀
[deleted]
PLTR has monocle but needs bifocals
That's the best news from Yesterday.
Tesla 👀
We passed the psychological finish line 2 months ago and at this point we’re okay with dying
add water
[deleted]
Meaning, they're changing their asset and sector allocations. Reconstitute is probably the wrong word for that, not an english native speaker. :/
and yet im still up :)
It’s barely a dollar from where the highs were this morning. Relax
it's green right now....
What did you buy at?
I knew it! As soon as I saw louisiana I knew he would be a reality denying lunatic!
FWIW I’m in PLTR looooooong. Deep value here boys, if you can give up weeklies and cocaine for a minute.
I followed the directions and ended up investing in Mixer.com and ended up with a platinum grindr account. Hopefully I will have student loan forgiveness, because that's the money I used.
oh wow. theta gang? I'm in 350c for June 2022 and I was up 30%
Yesterday was the last day to lock in -3000 yearly losses, so everything got sold off

Now people are buying back in

Bullish AF
Your goin to mail for life
Let’s see screenshots of these puts that are printing for you.
Wtf is this?
Bill was clean. 🐢 is adding shit to it, despite there supposedly being the votes to pass the clean one.
I invested in it..  lmao yikes I am going broke
Shit, that only makes it a 99.998% nothingburger for otherwise healthy people
It's been in the 20's...
Baba 300 (plz)
So I guess the rug pull has been rug pushed to tomorrow
[deleted]
Mm reporting in, gunna noon PLTR today
Yeah it’s market manipulation when the price doesn’t move or falls but your stock picking skills when it goes up 🤡
What do you call a stock with a single digit?

PLTR.
No one wants to say it cos they all have weekly calls. Squeeze is possible but needs more than one piece of good news. And that could take weeks or months. Shares not calls for GME or your actually far beyond retarded.
What do I fuckin do with MVIS?
So if I sell now I don't pay tax this year ?
Priced

Low

To

Rape
Thats not what solid state means btw
We'll see at open but close yesterday i was down 8%
Look at 1 year chart
Source?
The vaccine doesn’t have to work. It only acts as a psychological finish line for this covid story arc.
[removed]
It’s the first day of the new tax year. Bullish af.
Yes sir, yes sir, this is Wendy’s
You just described my daily ritual
[removed]
Uhghhhhhhh

GME TO DA 🌚🌚🌚🌚

🍆😩💦💦
Ive also done my DD on these guys and you should be aware of the following.

1) they were doing well off the back of their cheap 1k sensors.
2) competitor now has £500 competing sensor
3) projected sales volumes will be close to zero until 2022 so probably a long hold
4) picture of a tesla using the sensor means nothing. Musk is against using lidar, and was probably just using this to train the visual cameras 
5) they do have agreements with some 17 car manufacturers though, but competitors will be trying to challenge this
6) massive IV, very expensive options, personally Id be very cautious as this could go either way. Maybe but a put and a call and see where it goes
rude
Hold the line soldier!
This was a clean bill. Mitch the stingy bitch wants to add a bunch of shit to it
[deleted]
41 year old covid denier dead from covid
It gapped up on monday was expecting a pull back to 369
Maybe they could merge with each other. That would be a dream
and we went homeless
>* * Nobody streaming console can do so without a capture card like the Elgato HD60 S.

streaming has been built in since the ps4 lol
If there’s anything I’ve learned about WSB it’s that in general you guys are right but the timing is way off. I’d buy a Jan ‘22 leap at the earliest.
[deleted]
SQ will fuck me over, need it at 220 thursday
hwo much are you up on it %?
I feel like the top for the day is in. Rn
Unless....
[removed]
Where do you see that?
25 percent of US money printed  this year , inflation
People keep buying it
Pltr going back to the 20s?
Aww good for him! Buy high and sell low, the mantra of wsb
I've tried turning my computer off and on again but it's still showing my stocks as green
SRNE bounce back day 🥸 Pleas fly again
Now for your intermittent public service announcement: Cathy loves big dicks.
Has this sub still really not caught onto shroom stocks?
[removed]
My entire gameplay is just waiting for PSTH and IPOF to announce who they’re merging with. Ackman and Chamath, that’s guaranteed money
A clean bill out of the house of reps would have easily passed with your precious 2k.
DAILY REMINDER THAT BUFFET SOLD HIS AIRLINES AT THE BOTTOM
I got time, april $350c
Why? 10x normal share volume traded yesterday. So probably too late.
Are online casino games legal to the extent that sports betting is? I was under impression that more states allow sports betting than online gambling
If he did, he'd be obligated to make HL3
Sorta, all of WSB is pumping GME in hopes of forcing a short squeeze to skyrocket the price in the short term.  Once that happens your probably gonna wanna dump before all the shorts are covered.
Hell yeah, but cheap thrills
Oh no PLTR bulls, taking a big shit already
I hope people bought the dip.

100 shares gang reporting in , yesterday rolled my 35$C 2/19 to 25$c for april and I'm feeling like a king 🚀🚀🚀🚀
Ur_mom wants it now. THAT’s 877-CASHNOW!
[removed]
expiry?
They‘re all closed in Germany so.. no don‘t even have a console
Holy shit that’s retarded
Free wholesome award if you tell me a joke about PLTR.
everything under control
Okay never mind you’re just another retard
Yep.
was it worth it?
Come back at 9:30 and look at PLTR for the fat dump
what does reconstitute mean?
Kids film? Not only is Spider verse a visual masterpiece, it's an incredible addition to the Spiderman franchise and the comic book/superhero genre in general.

There are quite a few scenes that do a wonderful job evoking strong emotions, and the scene I spoke of is one of them.
That's right where a few of my indicators pointed to a reversal. Usually these don't work 100% of the time but there were a lot of them and also saw that the TTR indicator had a spike too right after which is typically accurate for me. I use a 5 min chart for the best indicator accuracy. Here are the 2 screenshots, I don't typically use my phone for viewing my setup but my baby is sleeping and I can't get my laptop: $SPY Scalp https://imgur.com/a/QGSDZXD
PLTR taking a big fat dump. As planned.
Cazzo si 🚀🚀🚀 io ho messo il mio take profit a $250
160 EOY
The 🌈🐻 down voters are out in full force today... we are gonna be so f’ing green.  I LOVE IT!!!
Did paying the dividend cause the ARKs to drop in price? Is that why the calls were all repriced down?
"theory"
Everyday
I wanna see SQ mooning 🚀
Uptick rule in effect. If buying shares, buy with the asking price and not bidding price.
Yeah don’t buy spammed pump and dump tickers

When I first started I wish I threw all my money into ARKK / ARKW and just kept it there
Havent in years. Just download whatever from home. If i need a new controller or headset or whatever ill order online. No need for any type of fan fair like clothing or posters because I have actually have sex with females.
You could have $2000 hitting your bank account if it wasn’t for cocaine Mitch. SPY would be at 3800
[deleted]
[uh oh u got that super bug](https://www.cdc.gov/std/gonorrhea/arg/default.htm)
Baba - lets go mr. Ma!
This conspiracy theory was brought to you by: 1998
The real question is are you outperforming them or should you just buy ARK and go watch TV?
Aren’t they trying shifting away from the old b&m business model to more online? Stores will probably close but that’s the point isn’t it ?
They've missed earnings the last three quarters, not only that but their earnings per share have gone down more so than in 2008 and P/E has shot up to abnormal levels for them.
Dollar took a huge shit
Tomorrow is the day big institutional investors reconstitute their portfolios for 2021. Buy calls!
Threshold and short % are not sustainable.  When, not if, this climbs the movement will be a show.  If I were them I would rip the bandaid sooner than later.  Chalk losses up to investors as 2020 mayhem.
We should talk more about it. Its a good stock that still can be driven with our retardness
NIO Day🚀🚀🚀🚀
I'm taking a loan out on my 401k.  All in now boys.  And I'm gonna run through a brick wall after this rally cry.
The average person is aware of how much money can be made now.

It’s one thing to hear about compounding gains, it’s another to see it with your own eyes and have control over where the money goes.

The market will never be the same again. Everybody is involved.
Super gonorrhea 😱
Dont be a retard like me and buy far OTM lotto tickets. Buy as close ATM as you can afford and buy when IV is low. My deep OTM BABA calls is leaving me on the sidelines while everyone else is eating fresh tendies.
Bullish
This is the way
STEEL GANG STEEL GANG

THERE ARE DOZENS OF US
Go with god!
What gap?
Jeez... that's nasty
It's Wednesday and you know what that means...


Time to buy the dip
I think for a change people did notice what Mitch the stingy bitch did to the 2k bill
Oooooh there that 666 is again.
😂
I can relate
Daily reminder that when you miss the train, you look a fool shouting at random passengers x
Whenever Carhy decides to do so
Lol... nah.
Very rural county too, not like some ski town with tourists or anything.
Programs that separate others based on intellectual “giftedness,” it’s all a huge pile of bullshit.
Good morning fukturds, lets make casino print us some money today!
[deleted]
A penny stock pump and dump. How original
yeah... i had some problems with the bots, that's why i didn't post it here first...
MAKE MRNA GREAT AGAIN
You can try that. Last time I sold 300 of my shares it was October 8th. You guessed it, Microsoft news came out 2 hours later and GameStop shot up 50% intraday. I’m not budging. This thing is a powder keg waiting to explode and I don’t want to miss any of it.
BABA getting hit by some huge red dildos
Bro thar company's revenue is like 8 million dollars for 2019 and it reached 1 billion market cap.

It was an obvious pump from tv.
Take my money emperor palatine   , you know better than i
0% interest rates. Everyone is parking their money in stocks, otherwise their cash will deflate
[deleted]
Daily reminder that PLTR will be $20 EOW
Take your tendies, cover in marinara sauce.and cheese...

TENDIES PARMIGIANA!
🏳️‍🌈🐻💦💦💦💦💦

😩💦💦💦🍆👍💦💦

...fken gai bears...

🚀🚀🚀PLTR🚀🚀🚀
Then call your pharmacist instead of asking a sub full of retards buddy
Wakes up to see spy green overnight 
“Fuck”
Goes back to sleep for a couple hours
Congress slapped Americans in the face by giving all the money to their donors. The Illuminati is happy nobody noticed. The people are still upset over the president or something
Gme day , I can feel it
Doesn't everyone...?
I always feel bad for whoever is fixing that glass he broke while jumping, visually it was great but why though
Doesn’t seem worth it, NASA already voiced opposition to their satellite launch plans? For this reason I’m out.
Just added one each ARKK / ARKW / ARKG / BABA / JD thanks stimulus
why are stocks so bullish in 2020? is it due to the influx of new robinhood traders or is there something else at play here?
The Wall Street Bets Sovereign Wealth Fund
My first week of stocks and went ham on PLTR fuuuckin rip lol
I was expecting it to fill the gap too
User name checks out
I think I'd rather try that gizmo they using in space.
can always buy a new wife after PLTR prints
I should’ve listened to this
Bought some funkos for my granddaughter.
Closed BABA spreads a few days ago for a $3k loss, would’ve been back to even today. Feels great!!
Just broke 1b market cap recently. Plus they keep diluting shares.
My spy puts are in danger... who would have guessed
This is glorius
Thank you for making me feel better about my losses. Big oof
Same headaches are nightmare fuel plus lost taste ,smell, and ability to DD
[deleted]
BTFD is part of my religion.
Red by morning
877-CASHNOW
100% Autistic 

100% ready for take off!

🚀🚀🚀
[deleted]
When it's on a rocket weekly FDs.

When it takes a dump, 2 or 3 clicks OTM, still weekly.
I'm still in on both. Break even $10.10 and $14.00 on the two respectively. I'm thinking I'm going to ride them both out until the 13 the of January with a Jan 15 the call. Thank you for any and all advice. I am obviously a novice. Love the player please.
You cry watching a kids superhero film?
Except their products are no different from any other retailer that sells video games.
Welcome partner!
[deleted]
When are they going public? I haven’t heard anything about them public at all
Mitch the kinda guy that doesn’t like to give very much stimulation lol
Rest in the beginning, couple weeks in start working out again (light....ride the bike or something). I used Emergen-C, shitloads of juice (even shitty kids sugar shit), and slept like 18 hours a day. Good luck.

Oh yeah... if you are freaked just get a pulse-oximeter. I'd wig out... put it on, see everything is cool, and go back to bed.
Why tf is everything so green
Gabe Newell needs to take Valve public already that greedy fuck, share the damn profits from Steam
Then sell cash secured puts
Like I get where we are, so maybe I shouldn't be surprised, but if you priced LOGI on CRSR's earnings multiple, the current share price would be $191.

I'm think you dumb.
I cry every time I watch Miles finally take the leap of faith. What an amazing fucking movie.
False.

This would be illegal. If the stock is public, it's public. You cannot have it "friends and family only".
I balls deep in this. My Chinese wife is too scared to buy it LOL
thanks man, i'll try not to check this thing so much
+.69% now
I'm up pre-market 🚀 thank you sir
hell yes! Congrats. what plays did you do this year ?
This is the way.
Yes
I'm into synthetics and rolling diagonals
risk free
Not sure if you’re joking but I’d be so happy if it got into the 140’s lol
If we didn't hear stupid shit during the day we'd be deaf.

That said, our friend took the cake hours before market open.
Weeklies? What strike?
If I were to drink my own piss, which I wouldn't, I would probably pee into a Gatorade bottle and not into a martini glass on my basement floor.
Thanks Doc, now I am going all in on GME and PSTH.
China economy is decoupling from the west my dear retart.
Low quality spam content.
Oh you’re fine man. Don’t worry about the day-to-day, that’s their job. Check in a month and you’ll be happy.

Edit: Maybe diversify and grab some ARKK / ARKW, their gains aren’t something to ignore either.
thanks.. lets get rid of all weak paper hands
Itll hit 50 before 10$, 100%
[deleted]
RKT, never regret it! It still flapping around 20
It’s my money and I want it now
Why is talk of N-N-D-M banned? Good volume, market cap > 1 billion so what gives
145
300c Jan-2021

Need Jack to sell his nose-ring to save SQ today
Coincidentally the line I'm holding is the same line I have to sign to give my house back to the bank.

Jokes on them when this fucker blasts off I'll buy my house back for 3x what I paid.
[removed]
did someone of you ever buy high and sell low and DID NOT regret it afterwards??
What's the first thing you'll be buying for your gme gains?
Buying a steam gift card for my brother
Pltr moon landing, incoming. Have faith interns
I have 100 shares, and options for 95c and 100c 2/19, and 110 and  145c july and 90 and 145 and 155c december
Itll tank because the forward pe will be a lot higher.

But then itll spike because people will realize Biden will spend like crazy.

Or itll just spike because people expect more liquidity from fiscal authority.
[deleted]
Tell them you turn 10k into half a mill then pull up A Tesla to prove it, guaranteed it’s not a turn off.
If Palantir the company ‘plugged into everything’, do you think that would stop them manipulating their own stock? Cause that would be unethical - right?   


Think about it.....
This is the kind of overenthusiasm that scares me. I'm selling at open.
I will be messaging you in 3 hours on [**2020-12-30 14:54:46 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2020-12-30%2014:54:46%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://np.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kn09ji/daily_discussion_thread_for_december_30_2020/ghhpzy9/?context=3)

[**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fkn09ji%2Fdaily_discussion_thread_for_december_30_2020%2Fghhpzy9%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202020-12-30%2014%3A54%3A46%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%20kn09ji)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|
PUTs ofc
Even buy more GME?🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
To clarify,

"Chanukah is a holiday for Jews around the world"

"Chanukah is a Jewish holiday celebrated around the world"
[deleted]
Elaborate
It’s good to get the stupidest thing out of the way early in the morning cuz I hear stupid shit all day at work
[deleted]
Yes trying to buy a PS5
SQ and JD leaps for 2021
!remindme 3 hours

Bouta take them bitches off your 🧻 hands.
Doesn’t have the same meme feel of 96.90
This is valuable DD thanks 🙏🙏
Depends if you are wearing your bear repellent underwear
Buddy, that just tells us where you live, not the worth of GME. 😘
[removed]
🎼BABA black sheep have you any tendies?  
Yes sir, yes sir, three bags full  
One for the boomer  
One for the dame  
One for the retard  
Who’s drinking champagne
Let's be honest guys, have you ever even been to a GameStop recently?
Retart
Thoughts on SQ leaps?
Sold. I’m in!
Market rises on a divided government. It dips on a unified government because that type of government is more capable of fucking up our lives, and in a quicker fashion. We want as much government gridlock and ineffectiveness as possible.
I just woke up and I'm not sure if I'm still drunk🤔
Was yesterday dawg. Anything today or tomorrow needs to settle and is considered 2021
I assume he wants to know if he should buy it but hasn’t heard of google to look it up on his own
Great now BABA is going to have me checking my phone every minute 🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑
PTSD to me.
PLTR please stay home today if you are feeling sick.  No need to come to work and fuck everyone else up.
[https://tenor.com/view/dumb-and-dumber-kick-his-ass-seabass-gif-10268296](https://tenor.com/view/dumb-and-dumber-kick-his-ass-seabass-gif-10268296)
5% autistic  
50% retarded  
And 100% reason to remember the name
[deleted]
they got the Half-Life ALYX for VR. I hear its fucking dope
New car company? Spin-off from major manufacture? China? I could do my own research but I may be led astray. Publicly traded? I don’t see it. test drive one? Or not in production yet. Kinda strange with all the talk of other Evs I don’t recall hearing about the one I just saw a commercial for
Anyone wanna guess Apple’s high today
Kamala got that MRNA vaccine. Bout time to pop off 🚀
[removed]
It’s the next blockbuster.
[deleted]
Shares or options? If options, date and strike?

If you’re long holding then you don’t need to worry - by this time next year *it will be worth a shit ton more.* All the ARK etfs will.
Xmas + New Years are going to be global superspreader events, by Jan14th we should begin to see those numbers
[removed]
Why not buy a green energy hippie-dippe stock like a normal screecher and skip all this crap?

Seriously, why are you writing an essay about how this oil company is actually a green powerhouse? Buy NextEra if you really want a green painted dinosaur of a company.
Today is gng to a blood red day isn’t it ? I don’t like this #Fuckpltr
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Legendary interview

**URL:** https://redd.it/kn0nzr
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=kn0nzr) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/Evazzion, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
FREEWIFIFREEWIFI
Evazzion
Thebush121
All in LUMN
🛑NO VALUABLE INFO OR ANYTHING EVEN VAGUELY FUNNY IS BELOW🛑SCROLL DOWN AT YOUR OWN RISK🛑
Sure thing. By pack of 20.
Gamestop is the Tesla of gaming
And weed stonks
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
Wah-hee wah-hee wah- ho ho ho.  Wah-hee wah-hee wah-ho ho ho.  WAH-HEE WAH-HEE WAH-HO HO HO!
FB and MARA calls today
[removed]
Alright boys. Looks like PLTR is 🚀 today
California is doing great, seems like everything is working out for them
If Halflife 3 was released today the entire stock market would go up by about 10 percent. GabeN is holding us back.
I just want to help other people! I want others to be successful.

Learn how to lie bro.
Wat do you want to know
Me if I get assigned this week.
I don’t think it’s up for debate. You’ll be seeing red for days
[deleted]
Get well soon!
BABA 30% DAY!!
Its only worth something to me if it goes up. Its easier to believe it will go up a lot if keeps going up. 

I've basically yolod into this one. Maybe I should just take a break from checking every minute lol.
Gross.
can I have your lambo if you don't make it thanks
🤣
NIO was strongly bid second half of the day yesterday.  That enthusiasm could continue so you could be right... may be best to wait to 10am or later
Surgery can't fix emotional trauma.
Well played.
Millennial literally grew up with recessions - 2000 and 2008. Who knows maybe even 2020s? We were molded by them
217 premarket
Remind me in 1 year
I’ve got debit spreads, moderately bullish
Vitamin D.
Well, one of it’s holdings, ARCT took a major shit yesterday (-54.17%)
Does mine at 99.99 count?
Which stock is Geoffrey?
[deleted]
Anyone know anything about car company Lucid?
I have 50 @ 96, gonna miss out on those beautiful 45 bucks...
I had the rona 3 weeks ago and yeah the headaches are the worst of it
Wish you a speedy recovery.
👌 this is the DD I needed to double my position
Never joke like that. Very bad omen
Totally, Cathie boosted ARKG earlier this month as her favorite among all the ARKK family and it shot up. This is just a cool down that happened to hit at the same time as a normal tech pull back....AKA a buying opportunity
He copied that too
Shares would have been a good choice. I was just scared by the premiums on options going out like 4-6 weeks.
Fuck it. I’m going in on april GME calls at open.
I give stray cats home but haven't bought gme.
V shape recovery incoming.

Source: my retarded brain
Easily
[deleted]
Buy more Gme!!!!!!!!!
The coughing comes later don’t worry. Have that DayQuil ready to go.
I’m tapping out of PLTR. Fucking piece of shit stock. Good luck everyone else.
Who's selling covered calls on PLTR?
 

Copy and paste this code to get a credit payout better than any other ppl's and get more value from your purchase! CODE: ROG2ARJSP8

ROG2ARJSP8

5%
SQ calls at open?
There's no US ticker. It trades on the LSE AIM market: PHE:L
Comparing one of the largest chip makers to a company that operates only out of strip malls in yhe ghetto?
100p
This kills the crab
I‘m so deep into PLTR , bought every Dip... hope I’m not gonna be homeless
[deleted]
This is not true. 

You can still get the flu even if you get the flu vaccine bc the flu vaccine only has 4-5 strains of flu in the vaccine every year and there are lots of diff strains every year. 

Assuming there’s only a few strains of covid and the vaccine works against all few strains, then you are immune. Right now it’s assumed that the vaccine works against the 2-3 strains of covid. 

For example, if you had your childhood vaccines and your titers are good, you won’t get measles. Polio has been eradicated bc of the polio vaccine.
Hope you have a speedy recovery
I want my BABABABABABA BABAAA Back calls
[deleted]
I've always said it will tank but retards here will downvote the shit out of you if you say the same. My 2 cents is that wallstreet hates uncertainty. All dem government means a lot of uncertainty. But calls on clean energy and infrastructure
I would be interested in buying at around 21 if I see they are starting to accumulate.

21 is the 50% retracement from the high. Its also the 2x measured moved from the latest swing area (green box). This is where the institutions will look to buy

[https://i.imgur.com/QL7PR57.png](https://i.imgur.com/QL7PR57.png)
our testosteron level is rising more and more with every fucking dip... soon ready to break out 😤😤🐂🦬🐃🙌🏽💎
Open up the markets!
[deleted]
Right, but you have already agreed it is worth atleast $105 *to you.* If this is something you plan on holding long term then being able to buy more for cheaper is nice. BTFD!

I just added 2 more ARKK / ARKW about a half hour ago. Wish I had more money to throw at ARK etfs

ARKG current chart - fuck it I threw $190 at it

https://imgur.com/gallery/9FQIYqw
JMIA is not retarded at all. It may be African amazon but it is owned by Germans. They are logistical masterminds. I have been stockpiling Jumia leaps
On 2x
I got the Rona boys and these headaches are fucking deadly can’t even work out. Don’t cough as much as they say you do though.
and if dems don't they show that they know there was voter fraud, otherwise they would gladly do it and get that 2k out to *the people they care so much about*
See you there
That’s the same cap as their superior rival Best Buy.
10^85
I would watch a film of a turtle fighting a mango
This is the stupidest thing I'll read today.
I can’t keep buying these dips! My wife is asking questions
Lmao love the username dude.
Plot twist: the autopilot was off
[removed]
You are wrong in your thesis, stock prices in the CRISPR sphere didn't rise because Cathie Wood gave an interview. They started the rise as more and more positive data was coming out, not to mention a Nobel price recognition a few months ago. The tech is maturing. Correlation does not imply causation.
Wait wait wait, you're telling me wsb is a boys club full of chauvinist assholes making dick jokes?
Will the stock market moon or dip if dems win the senate? On one hand, it means free money for everyone. On the other, Biden says he'll get rid of the trump tax cut and increase capital gains tax to nearly 40% for anyone making over a milly. What do you retards think?
Can you still trade in games at gme? That's like the only decent part about it, that and whoring their display units.
Username checks out
good
Leggo
Did a lotto butterfly on BABA 245/250/255. Used the wrong expiration, wanted it to expire this week, but it doesn't until the 8th. Man that could've been a nice overnight trade.
PLTR violating Geneva convention by torturing captive bulls
[deleted]
people buying GME shares are like people who give stray cats a home
Ya he dm me too...is it really his personal Instagram??
Who knows how much its worth, its an ETF not a company. If money flows out of genomics and into some other sector the whole sector will drop and ARKG will plummet. Its not valuation like a company.
Only 🌈 🐻 downvote.
GameStop is the next AMD, I see it at $300 per share in 1-3 years

That’s $20 billion market cap when it hits $300 per share

Edit: Fuck all the 🌈🐻doubters. Y’all 🌈🐻thought Tesla was gonna go bankrupt when it was $180 a share pre split, look where it was now.

🌈🐻just hate tendies 🤦‍♂️
Baba baba Barbara Ann
The more complex the chart, the more likely they are to be wrong
Steel gang will be over the moon, not sure if they're both here yet
>Back to Top

for your socks? im mexican american and this sounds like bullshit. you may get murdered if you partake in the drug trade but the same is true in america. if you'r not in the drug trade you're fine, no one is gonna murder you for your cheap american socks that we're probably made in mexico or overseas for even cheaper labor.
There’s more juice in jmia 🍆
PETSMART CEO ON THE BOARD OF GAMESTOP. LETS GO I FEEL LIKE I HAVE TO KEEP SAYIN THIS.
Thoughts on $SE and $SHOP?
👐🏻TAKE MY ENERGY BABA👐🏻
Jewish, yes Jew is not really a word
Me
The experts have said that the vaccine most likely works against it.
Jew is a person, Jewish is a thing.
Ahhh okay yeah that's happened to me before. I just ignored it/it resolves itself pretty quickly
Sorry that you’re in that position, just remember that it isn’t permanent and that there is a light at the end of the tunnel (or some shit like that)
clowns out here investing in baba, SE, OZON, JMIA the poor mans amazons when you can invest in the real thing 🤡
Club penguin markets up ⬆️
#Which one of you has a sell order of 100xGME @ 96.9?

Identify yourself.
Yeah, we're gonna need to go ahead and move you downstairs into storage B. We have some new people coming in, and we need all the space we can get. So if you could just go ahead and pack up your stuff and move it down there, that would be terrific, OK?
When you hire interns to photoshop shit and tweet about it instead of actually building the vehicles.
I’m ready
Even if it does, buy more. You’ve already agreed it’s worth atleast $105, so being able to get it for $85 would be cool. Unless you’re buying short OTM options in which case don’t fucking do that
This bitch just got lucky, don't look too much into it
What has been your total return do far? (%)
[deleted]
Where are you seeing we are up lol. Last I saw we were down. Markets in ibeskstan must refresh quicker.
who knows, i just threw all my money into ARKG and it is cutting my balls off so maybe im the true retard
Wow you kiss your wife? How do you do this?
Mcconnel 🐢 defies trump 🥭
Omg are they the same? That s crazy 😂😂
now only 0.98%..... fuuuuuck
Thank you.
What the fuck does this mean
He's one of the few politicians that both Republicans and Democrats hate.
It’s like streaming a high powered pc to whatever trash device you have, yeah
yes
[removed]
[removed]
fuuuuuuk
It's a recorder bro, much worse than a kazoo. Triggers my primary school PTSD.
Holy shit MT has moved over 1% positive
Haha!
Good job at explaining, timmy
Let's not forget JMIA, BABA's retarded cousin, ready for a tandem moon mission
No, I built a fancy gamin pc with yolo tendies back in March
Well that's just smart
4 cents
18.79 million people. At least they can care for people. Rural states have been airlifting everyone to regional hospitals. I don’t want to get into why
Yeah thats what I thought and then it dropped like a rock from 105 to 95. I'm scared it will drop again to 85 or something given the run it has had.
If nio somehow hits 49+ today I’ll buy somewhere here an onlyfans sub
Yes, he is out of STIC, at least for now. He plays all-in, which means gets in with everything he has to maximize gain, and gets out with everything he has.
Head of cell development at NKLA?
[deleted]
PLTR on schedule for morning dump
If I bob the sage to the beat of the cat vibing video I think it will double the power
I’ve learnt that there are individuals at /r/investing who thinks they’re smart but they’re actually retarded. And individuals at /r/wallstreetbets who thinks they’re retarded but they’re actually smart.

So maybe I’m might be one of the smarter ones here?

Nah who am I kidding, I’m downright fucking retarded.
Mutations are less deadly soo this is actually the best news
Try it and tell us how it goes buddy 🌚
Perhaps you misspelled "hug." Would you like one? 🤗

---
I'm a bot, and I like to give hugs. [source](https://github.com/as-com/reddit-hug-bot) | [contact](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=as-com)
Arct* retard
ughh
PLTR is Ramsay Bolton in stock form
> wtf are they doing there?

Being bankrupt.
It’s down 3%
Actually it killed your economy, so that's something
I see it being boring and red
Yes
[deleted]
only up 1.05% now
95.12

Its ARKG, you don’t need to check it everyday. Even if it’s red today *it will be green in the near future.*
-2.99%
The vaccine is only 95% effective. There is still a small chance to get infected.
Bulls get up at 5:00 a.m.   
Bears sleep in  
Don't let your kids be bears
No arkt??? Hehe
$MT to the moon tho 🚀🌖
because volume is different hour to hour, but MACD doesn't take it into account, but day by day volume volatility is different
That’s it Im selling my PLTR 2/19/21 $32 Calls
Hi OP.  I am thinking about buying $25 call options that expire end of 2021.  What happens to options holders if BA doesn't find a merger acquisition and the spac dissolves with shareholders getting back $20 per share?

I'm new to options trading but I am thinking about buying 50k worth for PSTH.  Lemme know what you think.  Thanks.
Look at arkt
Have the “gifted” programs been abolished from schools yet? Biggest fucking scam and faux “caring” by an institution since the invention of safe places.
You suck. Don’t give me hope.
Pleas fly
Roast the educators, cultural revolution REEEEEEEE
Are my baba calls safe. 22 days to expiry at 350$
i would love it if it were true as i am also balls deep in AMD but i have no clue what you're talking about
Lmao? My tendies evaporated yesterday, have some respect man
Why did they shut down all the "field hospitals" ? Why do we not have extra beds?
Try it and post a vid of it
I think the correct word is jewish?
Yeah dude it's crazy down here
8x 280c Jun/18th
[deleted]
[deleted]
PLTR will be in so many shambles, this green so cruel imo
Gamestonkians!!!! Hold the line. And let’s fucking moon babyyyy. We premarket upppp and none of the fucking beargots or incels here can stop us. We are the master race!!!!! Now let’s moon 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
$TSLA put

$BABA call

$HYLN call
[deleted]
[deleted]
Apparently banks loaning money, not for materials goods but for immaterial shares, is what caused the stock market crash of 1930. Upvoted, I need some market volatility.
[deleted]
How is ARKG pre market? SOme one tell me please. I put all my money into it fml
+0.14% premarket.. what a moon

Should stop using mooning unless its 10%+

Anyway I am amdgang too so hope it goes up
You can still get and pass on COVID with a vaccine. It minimizes the impact, though. Also - two shot therapy.
Free lambos
SNOW is such garbage value comparatively, but they don't have half the MM's jumping down their throat manipulating the fuck out of the stock.
Does burning sage in front of my favorite ticker purge bears?
Bought an assorted Christmas hamper in yesterday's sale, contains quite a lot of $213 SQ among others
If you can say it someone will find a way to be offended by it
Damn in LA county, apparently someone dies every 10 min from covid, ambulances are turning away people and being turned away at hospitals, the average wait time for ICU is 18 hours. Jesus, wtf are they doing there? Lockdown did nothing.
Just bought another 100 shares. Reporting for duty sir
I think it’s just a glitch with the display of options prices on TOS. So it will set everything in a chain as a standard number (usually 500 for something like VIX contracts) so it looks like my position shifted in a major way that would put me into a margin situation. If it happens to you and you cal they will tell you not to worry about it. This one is for $350, where my defined loss was 130 so it’s definitely not real.
Let’s fuckin go GameStop shove that big green dildo into us
What filters are you using tho?
Can I get a TLDR for the TDLR?
PLZ GOD
Just look at heem!
LETS GOOOOOO
arkG was down 7.5% yesterday ? lmaoo
Good we got more things to make us rally
well you're here so you must be retarded
Would ya just look at it !
Is it offensive to use the word Jew as a noun? 
E.g. Bernie Sanders is a Jew and a Congressman.
Buying more ARKK / ARKW / FNGU / BABA / JD today
What I would give for AMD to go to 100 EOY
This is just a diversion so GOP doesn’t get blamed for it not passing
If true, big
That’s one day you idiot
Look at the OP of that post and this post, see any similarities?
Made in gyna
Can you provide me a reason why I dropped out of school, have no job, living at my parent’s house and trying to turn my life around by YOLOing what is left of my bank account? 

I’m a chinese btw.
DD means Double D's which means tits, big tits, which is why we don't know anything about it.
46-47 since EOY is tomorrow
is it going down pre market now?
Get a career
So they actually have a credit card now. And you get a chance to do flex pay with 0 interest....something like 4 equal payments in 6 weeks. 

You can put stuff on layaway with minimum of $25.
[deleted]
Your options are DOA but you have 700 shares to make up for the retardation.
I got into trading 6 months ago with half a dozen pharma stocks that all live in pennyland.  Lost money on all of them.  The only saving grace was that because I was new to the game, I didn't have the balls to go all in into them so my losses weren't catastrophic
EoY aka tomorrow
Agree about the Low Volume.  Not really sure what the deal is with that, but when people start figuring out what a bargain this is...  Look out above.
Idiot... you belong here lmao
AMD mooning

Edit: Apparently you have to use /s because people are morons and don’t understand a joke
If SNOW can do it, so can we.
Never did
[deleted]
12:52
Ban again
Glad I loaded up on calls before market close oinkkk
60% is an F on a test tho
Lol
SE 200C monthlies
GME ain't ded. That's the play
Why are you looking at futures when premarket is open?
wtf is arkt
[deleted]
Likewise.  Retards with a unified cause are weaponized retardation.
GameStop moon mission starting !!!!! Get on the ship while ya can 🌭🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🌭
Its a sign everything will moon before year ends! Lol 🚀🚀
Up in the PM, down during market hours
How long till the CRWD bubble pops? There is literally no upside potential in this stock.
Mazel tov
Copy Pasta from r/stocks
F u. It's our money
Moment of silent for arkt holders
It doesn’t effect me. I work at a non profit part time now for almost minimum wage. Mostly for the dose of humility but I’ll be damned if they don’t fucking pay me on time.
Cathie G wrong way!
Username checks out.
Fits pretty well with my plan to dump shares at 38$ and immediately sell 32$ puts
NIO EOY predictions?
[deleted]
B K, T was the other one, don't know, removed any pictures and words that were close to that...
GME take my energy (and my bar mitzvah money $$$)
Chinese stocks work harder in school and have higher IQs than lazy american stocks
$SQ 🌝 mission just beginning
I’m
Jerking off now so stfu
There was a Stock who was one fire and Bingo was his name you! B N G O and Bingo was his name yo!
[deleted]
280c 1/8 the fuck you think we're doing out here? Investing?
[deleted]
[deleted]
Intel is in deep deep strategic problem.

They have faltered on execution repeatedly for years, and AMD+ARM are eating their lunch.

I wouldn't touch it until they prove they still got game.
Ty
I've never had that happen to me on TOS - how's that come about before assignment/expiration?
Premarket stocks market insider. It’s up you fucking dumb sack of shit mother fucker
Ummm wait fuck... I just had it for the second time and this time I‘m like seriously super fucked up even after getting better... which means I’m a liiiiittle worried about how much more dangerous it’d be for people who aren’t mid 20‘s and relatively healthy

Loading up on SPY FD puts today
super sus. Might be a repeat of yesterday
Feeling cute, might slay some BABA bears at market open later.
Despicable coward. Just give me money, Mitch. These ARKG LEAPS and GME shares aren’t going to buy themselves.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Vaccines don’t necessarily make you immune.

People who get the flu shot will get the flu. Expect the same from COVID.
already happened, but it is a 2 shot vaccine, and they only had one shot so far.
Meeee tooooo
Yeah but like ur_mom they will have no soul and have no personality because they worked too much and didn’t appreciate the things that make life worth living.
Just thought that like 5 mins ago, might not be that big of a deal but I’m sure it’ll be a Monday morning shit for futures
[deleted]
i take risks by putting it all on 1 stock.   maybe that' my problem.
This shit under 30$ dollar is pure value.

I'm not shilling either, as it is clearly lumbering along for now, but this company is such a golden goose I can't even fathom it trading at less than 50x earnings when you look at the rest of the current stock market.
Or it's a solutuon
The shitty kazoo in the background makes it even more retarded. I love it
[deleted]
Any SQ gang in here? Or did the bears scared you off?
We’re gonna ? Have the best pans? In the worlds best investment portfolio
All the monies?
[deleted]
[removed]
Pleas*
At this point.. I don’t know if I should get excited on green futures anymore :/
I'd let her handcuff me and edge me until I couldn't take it anymore and then beg her to ride me like a horse for that sweet release, all for +5 % on ARKG

Who am I kidding I would do that for free
more than u can afford pal
I win. Lucky for you to keep your $25. Say hi to 23 today!
not many of us left
[deleted]
Good morning baba Bears.
I'm starting to build a position.  Hope it drops below $20
true
Or dump and big losses
[deleted]
40% in NET, 10% SQ, 10% APPS, 10% U, rest in FSLY, PLTR, AMD, PYPL and UPWK

guess how much money i‘ve lost in two days
Yall think today will be more profit taking or nah?
Bro, I still don't trust these green futures
Thoughts on EN PEE A?
fuck us all
Yep. Bought some 2/19 235c on the dip the other day. Still holding. Should be up almost 100% at open.
I wonder how long before someone tests positive after getting the vaccine. I’m sure ZM would have a blast. Then the next day they will come out with an excuse on why the person got it and ZM would drill 80%.
Just deposit into your brokerage app. Takes a few days to withdraw from the bank anyways.
WSB may not be a good sub if missing a paycheck effects you.
I prefer bloomberg asian chicks.
- Print trillions of dollars  
- JNUG goes down  
- mfw
we buy chinese toys as kids now we buy chinese stocks as adults things never change
GME to outperform all of ark's funds' combined return in the first quarter of 2021
Dont forget about Sue Herrera😛
Bruh you shorted ARKG *after* it fell nearly 10% in one day? 

Wow. A true savant.
you touch pp(e)s, mr swagbagRainbowBear?! do gay men ever urinate in each other's buttholes while filling their short(s) positons
Nah. Amazon are quite good at not showing you they're 3rd party Wuhan sellers. Just a big fulfilled by Amazon button 😂
[removed]
Love when shes got that bedhead look going on. You can tell shes fucking wild
[removed]
Why not give all that shit away now, when society can actually use it? Fuck these charities and that pledge.
Worrying about a more infectious strain is like worrying about a more deadly bullet.

Priced in!
Worse, I sold during the initial "probe" dip
What did it say again? I'm guessing it was a picture.
Right of course, but prices aren’t expected to rise until it gets closer to FDA approval right? Def adding to my watch list either way, so thanks
indeed. tsx return ytd is 2.82% lmao.
That's a fantastic point.. thanks for that reminder 

Have a great one :)
Scam(1992)
february however in many cases things get priced in either a week before or even months before lockup ends
... and probably why cases have soared so much in the past few weeks. I agree bullish AF.
Is it down in the PM or are you hoping?
Loot box play
I accept MasterCard
So uhhhh my paycheck hasn’t hit my account and I’m supposed to get paid on the 15th and 30th of every month. October I got paid on the 30th so having a 31st day doesn’t change that confirmed. Real fucking cool.
Slow bleed until new contracts or some positive analyst coverage
True, if big.
Buy buy buy
[deleted]
Cathie is loading up on ambitious chinese stocks because she knows they will achieve more in life than lazy american stocks
Dude. When the fuck is this gonna happen?
GME gang — don’t fall for market manipulation today. We’re winning this; this week’s lows are last week’s highs.
Anyone get stimulated last night??
If only they would use this money and get on the GME 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀 with us instead x.x 

We just need share holders boys and this will be the easiest squeeze known to man kinds history 🚀🚀🚀🚀
bruh these autist non cs majors have such a wrong impression about AI. What makes you think TSLA mooned so much?

we just have to go along with the trend. and what matters is what the majority thinks
Autistic black bears?
Pump and dumps are great, as long as you can leave before the 💩
u missed out on the baba train huh
When does lock up period end?
Fuck you guys then. I hope pltr sinks. Not sure if you guys are pissed because I am a democratic socialist or because I referred to Bernie as what he has always been, a Jew.
Lol maybe if Jack Ma bad mouth Xi Jingping again
Any one still remember Maria Bartiromo? I want to spank her ass until she say CCP rules
Big, if true.
Solid long term play imo. They compete with the likes of AWS with DDoS mitigation (have done for years) and seem interested in expanding their offerings.
The more contagious strain of virus has been found in a man in Colorado in his 20s with no travel history. 

Well it’s probably been in the US for a while lol. Anyways it’s bullish af.
https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.urbandictionary.com/define.php%3fterm=soy%2bface&amp=true
You’re welcome and bday coupon is handed out in your bday month. You also net x amount of points with each transaction. Every 5k points can be redeemed for $5 coupon. 

So instead of just $60 in certificates, it is now up to a minimum of $75 in certificates assuming you only make 1 $5 off coupon from the rewards point system.
its a 2 dose shot apparently

So until you get the 2nd its worthless in terms of protection
Bro, do you even swing?
Yeah wtf does this company even do?
Looking at a few simple metrics is what made people miss the run up this year. Do some back of the napkin math on what a $75/mo FSD subscription would add to the bottom line in 2025 with a 13M car fleet at let's say 40% take rate, and consider a PEG ratio of 1.5 on a 50% growing fleet.  That is on top of the car business that will be pumping out billions in profit. Then the energy business will kick in. To top it off if even 3 million cars are used for autonomous transport at 100k miles per year at $0.20/mile profit you add the entire net income of Apple right now. 

Now you might say that is speculation, and considering it is WSB I find that ironic, and also that's what a stock market does. Current earnings are nice but by no means a guarantee for future earnings which is what the valuation is based on. Yes there is risk involved, that is why you discount it at a heavy rate to make sure that you're getting paid for the risk. Even if it works half or 30% of the time it is still worth paying $666 right now.
Just buy and hold til it crashes to 0.
what is that, is it running the game online and playing on your device?
Asiatic Black Bears in China have Mickey Mouse ears

even their animals don't respect copyright smh
A real life autist
https://i.gyazo.com/957b6b334c25f87d019bdc76244b292b.png

Oh boy here we go.
Where snek gang at
Everyday above ground is a good day sir!
rihanna after the vaccine : [https://twitter.com/Nero\_AzC/status/1342857595128860673](https://twitter.com/Nero_AzC/status/1342857595128860673)
Following
He died 5 years ago
On Subway? Hmmm...
By 'my boy' you mean yourself right?
Doing my part-

https://www.bloomberg.com/profile/person/17946567
[removed]
Ay, dios mío! 

Today is going to be a great day
short ripple you fools
JAN 22/23 LEAP Options
Hence the man Who doesn't understand irony. Go back to school kiddo
DXY trying to mount a rally. Careful today boys. Might be another trap
There will be a small sell off without a price target upgrade
And you downvote too. And a 🌈 I see too
tucked penis energy from this autist
My only regret is that I have but 1 upvote to give
China I like.

Bat soup, not so much.
Ever seen that pic of Michelle Caruso Cabrera? She's in a swimsuit with a coors light. She's a fxing brickhouse.
Sounds like something people say right before the big crash
[removed]
I’m hoping all my other positions expire worthless so I can go balls deep in selling ITM puts to get assigned this goddess as soon as possible! 
To the moon with my future house
Moon mission today?
TDA scared me this morning with the fake Margin call. On spreads...that expire in January.
SRAC has a SpaceX launch in like 2 weeks so i thought i was gonna hit the runup to it?
Everytime I go to sell my phone can't read my biometrics because my hands are encased in daimond
did belle Delphine ever show that video?
CRSR to the moon!
So what buy shares, leaps what?
Yeah of course, I got no clue either! It’s just my personal opinion. But digitalization of something that’s already digital (steam,PlayStation, Microsoft,..,..) won’t be that much of a saviour. Also globally game stop is only relevant in USA and nobody knows them for example here in Europe
Throw some VAIL in there
Holy shit this is retarded
WSB, WSB, and WSB
No worries, have smol pp.
Game stonk climbing rn legggggo baby
I think those tendies are already cold... Don't FOMO.
since when did pm mean anything
Option premium increases with IV and underlying stock price increase. Everyone takes profit differently, so plan out accordingly
They probably coordinate with half of em
Like anything else... upsides and downsides.
I didn’t man I swear
snoop dogg after the vaccine : [https://twitter.com/filipo667/status/1341894957431484417](https://twitter.com/filipo667/status/1341894957431484417)
His state is probably the poorest state in the U.S. what a dick.
My New Years resolution is to earn 1$.
https://www.bloomberg.com/profile/person/17946567

For those that can’t read- CEO of petsmart is on the board of GameStop as of 3/20. Ryan Cohen sold chewy to petsmart.
Me
More space on the moonbase for the rest of us.
There you go buddy
Hope so
I’m shorting you
My boy got Nvidia’a GeForce Now. Holy fuck. Calls on Nvidia. He’s running brand new games on high on his shit ass 2017 MacBook
Memes are up premarket, but so is GE.

Be ready for shenanigans
Lol Canoo.  Proof people will buy any stock that checks off the buzz words
Pltr starting to make me very nervous
Good for you. Doesn't have anything to do with when the/a squeeze happens, but good for you.
yass
Not yet, technically still at work.
Stop lying, you’re probably already gotten some at your local Asian massage parlour.
Buy more Gme
Man, fuck China
Legggggo
di caprio after taking the vaccine : [https://twitter.com/NewsTVReal/status/1343512130528669700/photo/1](https://twitter.com/NewsTVReal/status/1343512130528669700/photo/1)
i love this guy. followed
Seriously if you were melvin / bank of america how do you unfuck your position?

I would try flipping from bear to bull, hard.  If a big guy runs and there is that kind of price spike it is believed they will fall like dominoes.  Would it not be better for them to not be last in line then, but first?  If they loaded up on short duration options, say 31exp. and then bought just over their options in stock then into collecting shares from the options they rolled the overshoot could let them sell extra gained shares to cover losses and gain from it.  

You can not intentionally trigger a squeeze, but you can fulfill your legal obligations to cover positions, just do so with extra shares.
Is this the next $GME? god bless you
It’s up
Now loser
Liar
Well I meant are they not expected to rise until closer to the 6 month mark before the approval? I don’t have the patience to hold anything for more then a month, so just checking if it’s a play I should add to my minimal attention span lol
Mortgage for education lolololololol
I posted this last night but does everyone know petsmart ceo is in the board of gme as of 3/20 Ryan Cohen sold chewy to petsmart. Is this convenient or what?


https://www.bloomberg.com/profile/person/17946567
dude, that's checkers, ain't it?
its free like 20% each time but one spike and your puts are-90%
Yikes might as welll get $ROPE
Calls on maple syrup.
-8% day, -0.5% PM

GME IS UP RETARD
Are you the simp that said that about NET? Proof or ban F@G
I hope so
Remind Me! 5 years
Yes mooooooon 🍑
Becky is the fluffer.  I like to wait till Sara Eisen for my hulk dick to reach its final form.
Nothing is filling this morning. Not sure what to make of it
someone gild me in the ass. i truly want to know what it feels like

 Calling on Goldmember or Goldenface to fulfill my desire
The CEO of GME is shorting Chewy
Mother chode

Bhan chode

Ur wife love my Lund. And ur daughter
My portfolio is 10% LKNCY, 20% SKLZ, 15% CRSR, PLTR & W. 5% PL 50% PA

And 100% reason to remember Mitch is a Bitch
Good luck bro
I upvote you to the moon! “There is no such thing as a free ride on Wall Street” a wise man once told me this and he was/is correct. There will be much pain coming to the market.
everybody the PLTR lock-in is priced in we are no longer going to drill 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
They did get railed the past 2 days so id take a flat day or 2 percent lol
If this gets 100 upvotes I’ll remortgage my house today and buy gme and post it
Mods gae
I bought at 10$ loser
I wanna pick up SQ but dont wanna hold anything over the New Years and I wanna hang out today. FUCK.
NET you better be up 10% today you dirty girl
Too far away from the money across the board. No catalyst on your SPAC. You realize those expire in 2 weeks right?
I like big butts and i can‘t not lie
I'm buying
Is it a  🚀
Aren't those goal posts heavy? Must be shredded by now from moving them every day.
Agree to disagree then. I’ve been living in China for 10 years and traveled throughout Asia, Europe, and North America and I’ve never been able to pay with Alipay outside of China. Even though the merchant accepts it, the app wouldn’t allow me to process the transaction without a Chinese passport.

NBC, Sept 2020 - BABA 4th

https://www.cnbc.com/2020/09/30/alibaba-cloud-business-will-become-profitable-for-the-first-time.html
Im new and not super deep into knowing much about the stock market yet. Im not sure why you feel the need to be rude but okay lol.
Like if 🌈gay
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/AntonyReplica the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Gme is up you retard
[deleted]
anyone treat cnbc like porn. becky quick and julia boorstin are both hnnnggg
Come to Gme we mooned on Monday son
This was all my own doing

What specifically is wrong with them?
Tim Apple has got just the tip for you
What are the top three sites for market updates like price targets, mergers, and other shit
Wait sooo uvxy puts ARE free money on spikes?

I was checking out some long puts on today’s spike and they were down like 20% today lol
[removed]
Let’s gooooooo. I’m bout to cumshot someone’s wife
What does this result in? Further delayed but bigger squeeze?
Where do you get Ryan Cohen’s number?
Small Lund
I’m shorting PLTR.
DKNG is the leader in sports betting but GNOG has a much bigger presence in online casino games a has much better revenue per customer.  DKNG is trading at 20x revenues while GNOG is trading at 6x revenues.
Incoming trip to H.R. for a brushup on sexual harassment policy.
ARKG gonna fly again?
Same
holy shit i cant wait to take the vaccine! i dont give a fuck if some nurse fucking died and others got bells palsy. even tho its common to just get a fever after injection. i fucking hate being SICK even though it would only be a 99% chance of survival rate and a small chance of even catching covid to begin with haha:p
The markets not even open and people are losing their mind I’m going back to bed
Sorry the drill is turned off for the week. BLM protest at the construction site 😌
How many of you will be sitting in a WSB thread tomorrow at midnight?
Need these SPACs to spack today
If Millennials are silent generation

That makes Zoomers into Boomers

woah
I will get so squishy if you’re right
Can aapl moon 5% today plz i literally bought calls at the tip
[deleted]
[https://imgur.com/a/ph3vkko](https://imgur.com/a/ph3vkko) futures are.....
I prefer a ligma strangle
Get ur gf a bf
baba pleas drill again
[deleted]
Bro who told you to buy that shit 😂😂😂
fuckin wack
That's an interesting point about Twitter. We'll see how they treat him. He can still tell tweet to not vote for certain people.
I’m moving to Singapore so I can get some wuhan coochie.
[deleted]
🙄 "What's a sugandese?"
Ban
Same here. 3am and I have work in 5 hours 😭
PLEASE 🛸🚀 AGAIN.
[removed]
guess baba is the only stock keeping me green today boys
Why is everyone getting awards in this thread
Or student loans maybe. If it's his parents, damn, that's just depressing.
Gonna fuck you instead whore
What can I say I'm good at stonks. good luck to you too sir
I think I get it now. You buy on red and sell on green days, doesn't matter the ticker. Puts on color blind.
I got my lube  
  
#TIME TO GET FUCKED
Pleas fly TSLA 🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺
GME BOUTTA EXPLODE LIKE INDIAN PENIS
Yeah bro. On some fuckshit

https://ibb.co/wQ6Pd1X
Buy 69 more at 4:20
Totally legal.  Nothing to see here people.  Move along.
Out with SLV in with MT, am I right?
Nothing fukin moons anymore. Fuck!!!
[deleted]
Vivi back is in his true form
Have gf. Still spend hours on wsb every day. Shit doesn't work.
GameStop online deals >> wuhan amazon 3rd party sellers 😂😂😂😂
Trump has less than a month left, and he looses Twitter protection after he looses POTUS handle.  His tweets will continuously be deleted for misinformation and inciting violence until he’s eventually banned. 

He’ll be little more than a bad memory in 6 months.. an eternal stain on American politics and the death of the GOP.. but his playground bullying tactics won’t be an issue.
Close enough i guess? I live in Singapore so I can’t donate to any wuhan co. but I’m a chinese and we’re majority in Chinese.
He doesn't have to relent, it's on Democrats to get on board with the shit he added and I doubt they'll agree. Both sides just want an excuse to say we tried but not happening
No.  I just enjoy the facts and not assumptions.  You should try it sometime. Don’t let other people think for you.
[removed]
Honestly, I would compare millennials to the silent generation over zoomers. A large military conflict, the housing recession, and a push for public investment. There may be a little overlap, but the generation after the zoomers will be comparable to boomers. Easy access to public infrastructure and investment(education, healthcare,etc) which the boomers obviously took for granted.
[removed]
Jack spencer here!!!
Everyone cranky in here this morning lol damn. Must be because PLTR and GME both taking a shit
mitch the kind of guy who tucks his shirt in his panties
I’ve decided pre-markets and futures mean almost nothing. This is my DD. Anywho baba 265 eod
Slow fade today
husband*
sir this is a Wendys
Shit, Alexa played “if you want to be my lover” by The Spice Girls by accident. Now my day is ruined.
Lol sell covered calls boomer
Yesterday premarket was up and we went down. Literally means nothing
Sell to open is selling naked calls not sell to close 🤦🏻‍♂️
Becky Quick looks like she got railed by about three bulls last night.  And likely five minutes before she went on air.
Lmao it’s up bigly premarket you loser. I’m gonna go skull fuck your wife now
Hope Mitch feels the same
[deleted]
Why would it be worth more than DKNG? 

DKNG is the premier online gambling platform right now...
China isn’t in a new year until feb
Tesla Tesla Tesla you pos
Buy 100 shares you fagoooooooooo
[removed]
What's "research"? Never heard of it can I buy it?
[removed]
How do mods have time to mod this fucking sub
[removed]
Yes would you like a grilled cheese or a 🌭
so much hate lol
Becky Q looks like she got railed hard last night.  And possibly this morning too.
🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮
Too many meme stocks up in PM and giving me hope, bloodbath incoming
Man, you're full tinfoil hat aren't you
GameStop up premarket let’s fucking go 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀. I wanna skullfuck and bash every melvinite and hater personally. Can’t wait to post gain porn and shit on you incels!!!!
Wtf why am i still awake
loool I've been in the market for several years
[deleted]
The more you shill that ticker, the more it’ll bleed before open.
[deleted]
[removed]
BREAKING
GME to sell cohen bathwater starting 2021 🚀🚀
ARKK drill again today
ARKG we gonna go up today? pleas
Please post to r/dearwallstreetdiary
PLTR🚀
Is today the return of the meme stocks!!! Please lord!!
huh? you said YTD gains, so that is my ytd gain retard
Sounds like a lot more to the story now.  A procedure caused his death.  What procedure exactly?  Medical mistakes cause thousands of deaths in America annually
Chances of chinese lockdown after new year?
18 dip.
[deleted]
New thread guys
[deleted]
I'm in
ARKG?
Yeah you can. If people actually followed the advice, guidelines, and science you can. It’s the idiots not doing their part that are fucking it up for everyone else. You reduce the spread, surge testing to find out who is sick and where you have hotspots. Target those communities with more testing and resources, make sure the sick people isolate and track down any people they were in contact with and make sure they isolate. You have to treat it with a war time mobilization of resources. Then you do that while distributing the vaccine that we have now with the same massive surge of resources.
[deleted]
I'm doing my dd for some down stocks to yolo on the TSX. there has been a lot of tax loss selling this year because Canadian investors only buy stocks after they're covered in the newspaper
Think MP is dark green or neon green today?
We done there now that it’s joined the 500, go somewhere risky like gme or Corsair
[deleted]
Literally the only thing unfortunately.
aroudn 40%
Welcome back stranger
[deleted]
grunt life?
[deleted]
[removed]
Stock Moe - buy this stock because its been going up
/end.
They said he died in a tiger attack but between you and me I know it was really blood loss (wink wink)
where is drill team 6 headed today? Arkk headquarters again?
You're retarded I see
Imagine being a Zoomer and realizing you are a repeat of the Silent Generation who was born into a massive economic hardship.

Its like being a giga-Boomer.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Kids? You think these autist have any chance of getting married or sex
[removed]
Calls on she knows he’s gay
i aint buying PLTR until it hits 23 tbh.
This sub is gone
sub needs your help
[deleted]
-100% realized gains
B4 IPO then?
It’s .61% down lol
Yup looks grim , i think the catalysts will help moon it hopefully haha
Screenshots or ban
Same should bought when it opened high but now down -60% and probably another 20-30 loss at open...
actual retard lmao
MVIS looking on sale already
[deleted]
TSLA 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀👩‍🚀👨‍🚀
[deleted]
Yo the cool mod I’m pretending to know is back yayyyy
I will be messaging you in 5 years on [**2025-12-30 11:00:17 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2025-12-30%2011:00:17%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://np.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kmzvqv/apple_stock_price_predictions_buy_or_sell_aapl/ghhmrnc/?context=3)

[**5 OTHERS CLICKED THIS LINK**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fkmzvqv%2Fapple_stock_price_predictions_buy_or_sell_aapl%2Fghhmrnc%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202025-12-30%2011%3A00%3A17%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%20kmzvqv)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|
[removed]
Sell covered calls lol
let me know when you are out of cash. Then I will start buying.
GME down premarket

Bulls r fuk
dude fuck the kids. 

the longest i am willing to hold this shit is A FEW MONTHS. where do you see this bitch in a few months? pltr bitch needs some fucking viagra with how much erectile dysfunction it's being hit with
Stay salty man, won’t help potential tendies.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Tell me how trash my positions are

https://imgur.com/a/fW02P6g
6 am and I've already spent an hour on WSB fml
Hello is this the food line?
Calls on friendzone
yes i should have added if you dont wear a mask, and hangout with friends.
Buy 10 more if you read this
[deleted]
dont argue with stupid. sheep will be our downfall, this is why leadership is important. sheep will bring down the entire kingdom.
"LSU Health Shreveport Chancellor G.E. Ghali said Letlow died from a heart attack following a procedure related to the infection. 'It's devastating to our entire team, he had no underlying conditions," Ghali said. 'It was just COVID.'"
Don’t care didn’t ask
Gaming peripherals - Amazon
 
Gaming accessories - Amazon. 

Online - g2a. Always cheaper, shady af

eSports, bigger players, better arenas. If they weren't ran by a bunch of boomers and dropouts they may have pulled this home. 

I get it, grandma wants to get something for her grandkid. She goes to GME and buys some inflated bs. Store makes a killing. But grandma ain't going shopping anymore. She's learned how to use online since Covid. She too busy weedwhacking and enjoying coffee.
🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
nah man you use barons come on
Yup 🇪🇺🇪🇺
Dont feel bad about your 189 shares. That is 189 shares more than your wife's boyfriend!
thats what you're here for
Fake news ban
Gme had a good run but it’s finished
Only fools will buy now and watch it plummet to $10
[deleted]
busted
thanks
The squaz 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Not comparable at all.  You’re just assuming he had a heart attack because of COVID.
[deleted]
Yeah, sorry for the typo
Calls on sex
This gives me hope that my heavy bags will get lighter. GL to you!
[removed]
Don’t feed the troll fellas
[deleted]
[deleted]
So wuhan soup co.
It’s not just on a rumour it is news, ARKG being interested only helps, I’m selling my initial investment this morning as my average is 0.73 - if you are in genomics this is one to have on the radar. Don’t have to dive in today, but watch it move, and they have a potential catalyst in January
degiro europoor here too
Mods are drunk
Rip
Nothing else will matter if McConnell finally relents. Even a 10% green day across the board doesn't seem that far fetched after the 2K gets approved.
Ark g babayyyy
I would buy off this DD but I'm already fully committed to other bets I don't want to sell. good luck!
Absolutely no reason to remember the name
That is the way lmao
[deleted]
Buy 10 GME shares if you read this
Gme short squaz begins todah ☄️✨☄️✨☄️✨☄️🌙🌙🌙🌙🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
The virus will spread whether you like it or not. New Zealand is an island with 5 people, far from a lot of countries, they banned all travels, and in that scenario it was easier. But doing this in a country with 300 million people, you really have to be retarded to think that locking yourself up will shut it down. It won't. It might reduce the propagation ( not even sure since in canada we have been locked up for months and the numbers are way up ).
Because you are gay 🌈
wtf s wrong with you retard gamble 200k away like that?
The squaz
And if u dont have any income and are showing $100k loss where did the $100k come from???
I let Cathie be on top and do the work
If BABA hits 300 by end of next month, I’m donating half of my profits to a Chinese Orphans non-profit organisation.
Hell yea Jizzum
regret not selling two days ago
Buybacks of 1.3B instead of 1.3M*
Money money money- ABBA
Haha noticed that. Fuck who knows
Hope not!
VLDR bout to cook up some tendies
Look at industry sales trends compared to GME sales trends smoothbrain
[deleted]
Okay, so, your original statement is: "government will send you to jail or make you pay 50k if you don't wear a mask" then your follow up argument is "the exact amount of these fines are $1542...if they catch you with a friend or something."

Now, if you don't respect your *quarantine*, nothing about masks, then you can be fined up to 700k with jailtime. You're arguing 2 different things with 2 different punishments. masks vs quarantine.

And the 2 week quarantine from visiting abroad makes complete sense. A ton of countries require it. It's almost like a pandemic doesn't understand borders and will take advantage of spreading it in your country, too. Hence why you quarantine to try to stop the spread.
My 5 shares salute you sir
Man that guy makes the best shrimp
If you think it’s going to go 5x again after going 5x on rumor, you’re going to have a bad time.
Gamestonkers!!! We dine in hell today to see the glorious 25$ on thursday - Monday. Let’s give those melvinites HELL 😈😈😈😈😈😈🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🌙
Did the medical staff say that or the media? HIPAA regulations still exist.  What was his family history, cholesterol levels, blood pressure etc
It's like someone died in a fire. Yes chances are they actually suffocated from smoke inhalation, but the smoke wouldn't have existed if not for the fire.
lol see you in 5min
Yes, gains are capped at $55k until Jan 15. Then it will 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀

I'd be very surprised if Bull Spacman completes his unicorn mating dance before then.
fuck why did it post as me
shit company

shittier payouts
Her boyfriend must be very interesting
0% luck

0% skill

0% concentrated power of will

0% pleasure

100% pain
When gme squeezes today, don't by our lambos until the 1st.  That way we avoid pp tax.
Pltr pls fly again
but when you have money you have options. He can do whatever he wants. Go to school just to learn and party, learn to code as a hobby, start a non-for profit charity. 

If you don't want to do anything you are already depressed and probably disassociated, and even that is easier with money. You can stay in bed until you feel like improving, and then you can afford the best therapists.
[deleted]
That’s cuz I’m
An idiot
👆
AZN 🚀 

Greetings from space
I’m not sure what all you can talk about for 6 hours but good for you. 

Ban for being under 18.
Third day i averaged down on NET, soon no more cash left
BABA closes 249.99 dec31
And tomorrow gme squazes
I‘m still holding TSLA but I get strong boomer vibes. What’s the move
Yoink
Gunna try and go one full day without checking the market. Wish me luck
Not saying I’m right but this is a classic WSB FOMO “CALLS AT OPEN” situation. Had to get burned about twenty times at open before I stopped buying options on volatile stocks that were up bigly from the day before.
That's survivor guilt you're feeling
Baba go moon moon
Gaming peripherals ⚡️

Gaming accessories and gifts ⚡️

Online e commerce transition ⚡️

Future brick n mortar for esports gaming and live tournaments ⚡️

>100% SI ⚡️

>Ryan Cohen 13% stake last buy at 16$ ⚡️
Oh shit, zjz posting the new thread rather than automod. Nice
Before you loan a friend money, decide what is more important, they money or the friend, because there’s a good chance you’ll lose one of them.
[deleted]
Cheers dude only found it as I found people bashing PACB regarding news of the penny stock so I looked into it and tbh it’s pretty good news, I bought it as a hedge against PACB and now the volume is going crazy.
why does it become unreliable on lower frames?
God speed!
So much aggression...try losing your virginity...tends to calm you down..
pltr
Today is the day when GME squozes. There, I said it first.
First GME post today
Baba to the fucking moon
What are you a child? Aww is someone bored, nothing to do? Do you not understand how viruses spread? Viruses need a host to live moron. You can literally snuff it out by denying the virus transmission to new hosts. Look at New Zealand.
Best of luck today fellas
Spy up bigly on no volume
ARKG Gang bang
🔺🐻🐼🐻‍❄️🔺 ®️ 👉👌
I'm in big for BP and Royal Dutch Shell, but definitely feels like a 1-2yr play. It's riding SPCE to the moon (very slowly).
The reason NKLA is up premarket is because they posted about signing a steel column on Instagram 🤡🤡🤡
We did it baby (if you ain’t first you’re last...) 😉
And....I was in before that ;).
[deleted]
Remind Me! 5 years
Instacart yay or nay?
i had it in my radar of a couple months but never bought it. good job
Flat, +0.73%, **+3.20%**

It does show on RH
What part of a failing ass blockbuster, basement dwelling sweat smelling ass store is similar to the supplier of top end computing components in a self-made computer boom 😂. 

I buy my games on g2a. I buy my consoles and hardware on Amazon. And I buy my merch for kids on the 10000 indie stores online. GME is.... Pointless.
[deleted]
I’ll take a 5% PLUG ripper today
BAN
Bro just save up for a year and move to the US
Just use barons man come on
How did those retards manage to lose 20-40% of a multi-billion dollar net worth in just one year o_0?
we 'dumped' yesterday on the stimmy news. which was expected but algos dump on the headlines.
Right they are already gentrified because they were shit areas, you don't gentrify good areas
what resistance?
If it’s gunna’ be Jared, we all bout’ to be fuckkkkkkkkkkt
G up 2%, jack ma up 3%, not sure about ipoc
MARA! WOO!
???? Search it online? That’s a next level of laziness or maybe I’m just overestimating the ability of us degenerates in this sub.
😞
🤡
Yup
The medical staff treating him said he had no underlying conditions other than COVID. The heart attack seems to be almost directly related to his COVID diagnosis and the treatment he received.
fuk off dependa

WSB aint fucking with codependency
i normally dont do this shit for noobs but ill make an exception cause baba mooning and im in a good mood.

ipoc -  **16.10 -0.14 -0.86%** 

arkg - no info pm

baba - **243.82 +7.56 +3.20%**
Dump it!
Ah so maybe this is why DKNG has been shitting the bed the last few days?
[deleted]
Not as many people shouting about diamond hands now because the truth is they said 'hey mate, can you hold these bags for me, be right back', then sold and quietly sneaked out of the back door
Heading to 20 💀
Is this actually a Green Day or do we just dump at open for a 3rd day in a row?
Same here.
He actually rode the wave up to the 40s before retard
Having a torch up your ass is gay? That's homofobic of you
No thats not true. People like you make me so fucking angry. Quarantining and wearing mask WILL NOT MAKE THE VIRUS DISAPEAR. Even if the planet blows up tomorrow after being hit by another planet, the virus will still be somewhere in space. You will never kill the virus, the Coronavirus has been here for THOUSANDS of years and will stay here.  Lock yourself up all you want, it will NOT DISAPEAR.
It kept being blocked for using some tickers that aren't even in the post... some micro-caps
GameStop retards are awful quiet today.
also based near sf .. but what exactly are you trying to afford w/ 250k.

&#x200B;

i totally understand your complaint with the  shit CA is making a new wage slave like me go through
Never
She knooows
Good morning Chicken Little ☀️
Yet here we are: Tesla generates ~42% of the top EV brands sales revenue in China, and ~81% EV market share in the US.
drilling drilling and drilling
Any DD?
Don’t be like that
[deleted]
Please pray for my TSLA 660c 670c 12/31
Yikes. Might as well go to Gme
Cool man. Didn’t ask don’t care.
0.73 avg, watch this be 1billion market cap end of next year, ARKG looking into it
The feminists/cucks are here in force as well. Masculinity levels about on par with a Chai latte
Got it thanks
Lol banning travel and trade from your nation is not a major deal

And its ok because "Americans don't go to Italy" as if that was the point at all.

You buying all the shit stonks fam.
Ipof>ipoc imo
Energy utility cost-reducing tech acquisition — you heard it here first 😉
You can buy puts on my thumb after scrolling through that
No copy&paste here. Wrote this shit up myself...
This. And increasingly so when they think the market is to hot. 

Also she buys early-mid and late on dips.
Emojify!
[deleted]
Bro, the exact amount of these fines are 1546$ exactly if they catch you with a friend or something. If you dont respect your quarantine time, its up to 700k CAD fine + 6 months jail.

By the way, let's say for example you come from a foreign country, you have to quarantine here for 2 weeks. If you leave your appartment and go down in the lobby to pick up uber eat, that is considered as a violation of your quarantine and you will be fined.
Can someone let me know how these are pre market? It doesn't show on RH. 

IPOC
ARKG
BABA

much obliged
Gme moon 
Baba moon

Now my coq moon
Wwyd??
They opened new options chain for those prices since the price was adjusted. Doesn’t really change anything, you just can’t sell to open new contracts.
Thic🐝 if you want to be the chad spac you have to release DA before New Years

Pls ty bb
fake
[deleted]
Yeah i agree man. Get into some GME bro short squeeze incoming!
Where he copy and paste this from
Reported

Ban
Paperhands bitch
My point is it doesn’t really matter what the mainstream media says, the market sees past that and will act accordingly.
you get banned dame? See a new username
J Law is almost as hot as J Pow.
Get a gf
Palantards, unite!
[deleted]
This sub was trash in the past, but these last 18 months have been a dumpster fire.  Wsb is nothing but teenagers making old “wife’s boyfriend” jokes and people pumping and dumping their bags.
If you’re happy with 4x in 5 years when there’s 4x in 5 day plays in this market, be my guest.
Personally I feel that is a bit safer because of the goal of them going digital and a deal with Microsoft. Again call speculation, but I do like some projection.
[removed]
Why didn’t you approve it the first time?
No problem, appreciate it! Be aware, this happened also with some other tickers for some reason. Have a great day!
It's right on long term channel support. This is where you buy, not sell.  

[https://www.tradingview.com/x/xgtMc0kd/](https://www.tradingview.com/x/xgtMc0kd/)
I do like both for different reasons. I think the big driver in Velodyne's favour will be the lower price leading to broader adoption ... and that they have already making and selling lidar for a long time. it will still be a while before luminar starts to produce these at scale, so it will be a while before they are able to make progress on driving the price down. 

lazr has the better product for the application, but the better product doesn't always come out on top
The US is doing the same lmao
why would I dump it when it's going to be $100 in 2025
I haven’t been on here in awhile, what the fuck happened 😂
[removed]
starting to really dislike wsb, but it has become a part of my daily routine and I can't leave. Puts on me.
Yep, glad I got out of that mess too
🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🙌🙌🙌
[deleted]
Only if you havent had your coffee yet...
very very concerned for usd bul rn.
Don't be dramatic. That *can* happen, but most people get fined between like 500-1200 bucks.

Source: I googled for like 2 minutes.
they dont need to travel to these places either way... and there is no border discrimination, as long as you have no symptoms or present a negative test , the border agent will keep his mouth shut.
10/10 post
Gme has less of a future than crsr
apart from TSLA, my TSLA FDs are fuked
this dude owns over 25% of the OI in this strike! This is not a good position...
[deleted]
I’m holding a fuck ton of calls. Been watching it all night. But if you get off to thinking that you’re somehow trolling someone on the internet into doing something they’re addicted to like watching charts, yeah man - **you’re** the reason why I’m awake right now watching a graph.
I’d hope so after the slaughtering yesterday
Yeah so lucky our hospitals are about to be overwhelmed and we’re closing in on 400k deaths. Only morons are going about their life as usual and prolonging the pandemic for everyone. Suck it up. Shit would be over by now if people would have locked down properly, worn masks and followed strict social distancing and if we actually surged testing and resources and gotten proper relief payments to people so they wouldn’t need to worry about working while locked down.
[deleted]
big red today. book it.
Agreed! Fucking penistock
holy shit bulls r so fukt 💀💀💀
It’s gunna dump just like every other day.
That sounds like some dystopian shit from 1984 damn
Tends to happen when your currency goes to absolute shit
She always teases use because look once again :/ she’s up 2% again which makes me worried
And you have no way to prove your last statement.   Nothing but an opinion.   AIDS is a totally different animal, your immune system is pretty much shot by then.
Other countries have their own problems and couldn’t care less about US, Italy, and U.K.
I've seen her butthole 🤭
Why such a low sell order
[removed]
I was in it before that punk ;).
Atlantic City lol
you are so lucky man. how i wish i was like you. i cant do anything, im stuck between 4 walls, gyms have been closed for months... there is nothing to do. and you cant even walk outside or see a friend, its banned. its basically stay in your room and die. what a shitty country, i hate this place
Sooo sensitive
[deleted]
lol the point was British, Italians, and Americans losing reputation and now facing border discrimination.

I bet you bought ZOOM instead of ZM too
Approved OP, sry
Is GME the pump that he's referring to? Retards here convinced me to buy the dip yesterday 🤣.
Lol thanks, but it’s not really that retarded. 
I mean it’s a guaranteed 4 bagger for anyone who plays video games. Or if you don’t play video games, you can buy GC to save and combine as gifts...saving you money that you can use to yolo on FDs. 

It’s a win win no matter how you look at it .
[deleted]
Don’t please stop I’m hurting
Dont mind me I will see myself out. Read PSTH instead of PLTR in original comment
I did think it will probably still go up but just wanted to stop having to worry about it. Would be interested in knowing if you find out more about the 12.5% thing though.. I will have a look myself when I'm back on my laptop in a little bit.
Palantir gang went from greed holding on +$8 days to celebrating +$0.50 PM after a -$1 day. Just dump that shit already boys.
Jack probably dumped alraedy
i bought ur calls probably, ill venmo u 20 if it hits 250 no cap
"my friend"
Everything looks too green right now
Seriously get your fucking 0.06 stock the fuck outta here
Sir this is a Wendy's.  Are you here to fill out a job application?
[removed]
[deleted]
You’re joking, you mean nobody was buying video game shit a couple months before the next gen consoles were released? Shocking.
I'm trading GME. 'Course I'm into cringe. I'm getting a six pack from the ab workout of all tis cringe. Need to burn the calories from tendies somehow so I thank you kind stranger.
3 dollar puts
No but if I sold 15 and used the other half a bit more aggressively I could soon
How is IPOC pre market?
People here are so wild.. you don’t see this running up before the merge?? Like come on dude. My little brother could trade better than you.
Pretty obvious pump and dump the way it is has been artificially pumped hard here and on Stinktwits.  Hope you got in early.
Reporting every retard mentioning bingo 

Get fucked tard
im not american and i disagree... USA people dont need to travel to shitty UK or italy. When USA people want to take vacation, they go to bahamas, miami, LA, atlantic city etc... which is way better than those 2 you named. Also UK and Italy is literrally begging USA to buy new doses of vaccine... lol
Which one did you fall for?
[removed]
Yeah man I’m in Florida and I have the option to live life normally if I wanted to. Thotties going to the bars and beaches and shit again. My life is pretty normal, just masking up everywhere I go.
PLTR is PSTH now?
I'm all in on CRSR
😂
[deleted]
Couldnt afford a lambo with that so no.
I fear it's gonna do what PLTR has done
WSB is trash. All the shitty pumpers trying to shill trash penny stocks
Imagine believing they aren’t lying to the world 🤡
Sell at 9:40, Buy at 10:20
Unload SQ calls at open??
Who fukt today, boomers or memes?
TSLA is being such a boomer stock.
You could’ve gone to r/pennystocks
ticker change to $rope
Tyty <3
[deleted]
They will get something eventually. I mean that is the whole point of the SPAC
thank you for the advice
The bigger your nuts, the faster the journey. Just remember to bounce your last check on the way out. If you die in debt you win because you lived beyond your means.
It can still be a mechanism of the death. Like AIDS is the mechanism of death but isn't the direct cause. We don't say people don't die from AIDS simply because AIDS itself didn't actually cause it. The guy had a heart attack while having a procedure done regrading his COVID symptoms; it's a "but for" causation - without COVID in the first place, the heart attack wouldn't have happened.
Someone make a meme from the movie “Pickpockets” when he first talks to the kid in the cafe. Around 15 minutes in. It’s on Netflix
It must have been a mis print, the graph shows a max of around 12.54 share price. I'm sad because you got my hopes up 🥺
everything is closed , there is nothing to do. people are depressed and suicidal. fuck this shitty country with a worthless currency
[deleted]
Realistically if you interview well (solving problems and explaining your solutions in real time) it doesn’t really matter which degree you get to land a job. In terms of usefulness during a job, I lean towards the traditional comp sci degree because the concepts are abstract and doesn’t change even if modern tech changes.
This guy is fucking terrified of covid. He posts dumb shit from r/covid in here every morning thinking that people with actual brains will care.
Give me 5 good reasons why you don’t like the stock
If big investors help us and WSB stay strong the short squeeze will be huge.
I guess we can expect 40/50 USD at least
[removed]
Thanks! I'm a retard that belongs on this sub.
Unless Sherman takes an actual shit on camera during ICR you should be fine.
Some prenatal genome test thing. "Analysts" put target price at 1.50
[deleted]
[deleted]
dxy all time low but fuck it keep the printers rolling right.
a little late Cathie
so wear a mask
Good thing it's just the sniffles for 99.9% of the population
Happy cake day soldier
BABA 6/15 320C up 100% since yesterday. This will be my twenty tree fiddy bagger
bummer
Sounds bullish.
[removed]
You should have yolod when xl fleet was around 20 or lower... It still rode up to. 32. That was time to cash out
that requires knowing at what premium you autist
That’s right lol
Let my friend borrowed some money. Don't think I'll be getting it back 🤡
SHOP i need you to fly todY
Easy money 💰
Reported 

ban
Now put that benjie in one of the candles.
It’s been between +8% and +10% since PM opened. You’re a fucking clown.
I just looked through their holdings and it sadly doesn't appear to be
Yeah I have a bad feeling about these steel stocks.
So much this. So many of my colleagues at university went to do the hardest accounting master possible, only to find out they are social assholes with no skill or sex appeal, and are now in dead end jobs such as “FX corporate analyst” or “Account Payable specialist”, using old excel sheets to do their job until Accenture comes and optimize the whole accounting department by firing everybody and give the same menial job to Indians in Pakistan.
Pleas
You really are retarded
Reported 

Ban

Penny stock trash
MARA is going heavy in the paint in the PM here
It's an ETF being managed by the most talented people in their sector working long hours for high compensation. You'll be fine.
Nope. I think part of the reason why it’s mooning is because there’s rumors Cathie is interested now.
Dude won’t show any of his positions though. Straight up ignores anyone that asks. I’m bagholding some March calls that are down 30% prob just gonna get rid of them.
[deleted]
that ugly huh?
[removed]
Imagine being a first world nation, respected by everyone, and now you're just a disease riddled shit hole with foreign border agents scrutinizing the hell out of you for being "from there".

UK, Italy especially, US, everyone's cheeks getting clapped.
will i still be able to find a job just majoring in software engineering? or is having a comp sci major pretty much required
So if that’s the case, then why shouldn’t we sell towards the end of today (12/30) and buy back in after the expected short raid tomorrow (12/31)?
Disclosure: long FB

AOL? prodigy? We are all dead in the long run, right.....

Which other companies are exceeding FB? Valve is the one that comes to mind but a PCVR device for $1K is not going to be able to work for the mainstream consumer and the only thing valve is reliable is collecting money from steam.

FB had to pay for exclusives not because the developers are incredibly eager to jump to another platform but because without the funding these kind of titles would not be possible.

I find quite funny that you are saying many people are walking away from the platform when the Quest had it’s most successful Christmas ever.

The legal situation is not a problem for the VR part of the company and even if the company is forced to have a separate Oculus account is not going to be an issue for the company as a whole. Regarding your specific question, they are a company with 3 billion users even without an oculus account tie in.

The “social media crowd” is 3 billion people out of 7 billion that is basically most people with an internet connection....  “people are leaving Facebook in droves” no they aren’t. Go check the quarterly reports. they are pretty much at all time highs in all regions. 

I know is WSB but it may be useful to do some research
PLTR no move, PLTR have to move: Bagman need soup
I need GME to start mooning smh
At this rate, summer 2021
[deleted]
I don’t mean “fuck the kids.” I mean *fuck the kids*
- Tenacious D
[removed]
Stocks go up not down
Merger announcement of course. The only one that really counts
$SLV gonna hit $35 early January
[deleted]
More like 5 mins
Especially if Elon takes Starlink public my friend.
Hahahaha you're bragging about after hours volume
[deleted]
not gonna fall for this premarket shit again. everything will dump again on open :(
You shut your filthy mouth
PLTR bulls have awoken from their slumber
Damn, I’m a bitch for selling BABA yesterday..
ARKG up?
My daughters first word as she gazed into my eyes was retard
They could’ve just gave each of us $20,000 stimulus checks for every adult making under 100k with the trillions they injected/printed.
Have you tried poking it?
DAI RAGAZZIIII a quanto pensate di vendere voi?
bill ackman closing in on the subway deal
its annoying
Fuck PLTR is green PM. This is NOT GOOD FUCK FUCK FUCK. See you guys in 😇
[removed]
I feel a repeat of yesterday coming
It's up 10, are you dumb
> no risk of crashing

You belong here
Can you really just edit your comment to say whatever the fuck you want?
Texas would be nice ya
!remindme 5 hours
Bulls are fuk on PLTR 😂
i didn’t take high school very seriously and barely passed because of attendance, but i’m gonna do things completely different when i go to college and actually that that shit serious.
PLTR ain’t movin
I'm pretty sure parts of the US are the same
I’ll see you on the moon my friend
Is there any way to find out how many outstanding employee stock options there are for companies? and the dates, strikes too if possible.
Yeah that sounds fucking terrible man
Fds?
[deleted]
Currently in the field. Go for comp sci, it’ll give you the tools to solve whatever problems you will encounter later by providing a solid foundation. Software engineering can be easily learned on the job afterwards.
And here I was slightly envious of you guys pre pandemic, damn that fucking blows
Hint: it's sarcasm
? Tldr?
[deleted]
Lol
[deleted]
also the government will send you to jail, or make you pay 50k if you don't wear a mask
Lazr
I just emptied by bank account into various calls only got 1k in it now wish me luck.
See you in 10 minutes
Spy with 20k volume and its up $1.5 🤣
US: China must stop manipulating its currency.

Also US: Print trillions of dollars.
[deleted]
I noticed that rh doesn’t show premarket for the arks hmmmm
Example
Go to every class every day. Seriously, don’t fuck it up. It’s important. I know because I fucked it up.
don't use MACD for short frames, it is Day or Month indicator
[deleted]
Im so on point with the reinfections, antibody half life, and estimated vaccine duration. [DD](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/klnxl1/vaccine_boosters_could_be_needed_153_days_after/?utm_source=reddit&utm_medium=usertext&utm_name=wallstreetbets&utm_content=t1_ghhflf2)

https://twitter.com/Oliver_Speaking/status/1343986345988001804?s=20

This is a big deal. B cell immunity is trash. There are so many reinfection stories i cant even keep up with them. The implications are major for vaccines
[removed]
poopoo
Americans are so lucky, you guys get to keep living life normally. Here in Canada, everyone is obsessed with Covid, the whole country is closed, there is nothing to do, and karens will snitch on you if they see you outside, and people are fine with all this. It's litterally the worst place on earth. I envy americans
😂😂😂
found the gay bear
only on cash accounts. buying shares on margin gives share to your lending bank (RH) to be sold short again.
Wish I hadn’t closed out of PLTR yesterday 😒
PLANTARDS rising
Pltr always dumps on the first 30 minutes at open
Cash advance from your credit cards too.
You know this isn’t how you shill right? People can just check and see that you’re fucking lying.
Sir we are not your therapist
NIO day is overhyped IMO
Is it in ARKG?
She’s running up to $52 by the end of next week.
VLDR today ladies. Nice bounce off trendline yesterday, macd crossing on the hourly. 

I also am jacked up the culo in 25C's I have been buying on the way down from 25.
[removed]
True, however when he started he was way better. He had some good tips, thanks to him I bought NIO when it was under 20, then he gave some good advices on recovery stocks and banking stocks which only went up since then. Right now he’s just increasing the FOMO on penny stocks and it’s just boring because he only posts about stocks that already went up 50%
What about bond YOLOs? Anyone doing Argentina?
sir this is an arbys
So the lines broke the lumbar support of the bull flag and is now heading towards to knee brace support. Got it.
Ok
[deleted]
anyone else banned off tinder?
[removed]
MARA up 20% wow
NIO Jan8 ITM or ATM calls  

stock has been consolidating for a month or so.  looks to be in a vol squeeze with the boll bands sitting within the keltner bands and we have NIO day on 9Jan.  price also pushed above the 8 day EMA yesterday.

classic buy the rumor sells the news scenario setting up here.

[https://www.chartmill.com/documentation/stock-screener/62-Finding-stocks-ready-to-break-out-of-consolidations-with-squeeze-plays](https://www.chartmill.com/documentation/stock-screener/62-Finding-stocks-ready-to-break-out-of-consolidations-with-squeeze-plays)

also long shares, not looking to hold either into the event, too much of a gamble, high expectations for the event.
Scenes when it moons again today
Then the lugenpresse would follow him to Parler.
12/31 calls in big tech. Catch the last of that EOY pivot
You must have bought it early then. I bought it as the reports comparing it to P C A B started trending.
Do meet Kelvin fits the above criteria?
I better see this bitch at $30 before I get drunk on new year’s. Fuck 🌈🐻 lets see this baby mooooooon
That's it, I give up, I'll be here reading comments, but not posting anymore. Seems like WSB has been infiltrated with Karen's, Snowflakes, Covid idiots, and sensitive people. Fuk u all ! Peace !
I’m pooping rn. Puts on my digestive system
Should try PLTR puts lol
nobody in here has sex, so no
Doubling down on 

SPY 370P 01/08

CMG 1365P 12/31

BKNG 2100/2150P 12/31.

Go big or go home. Tomorrow will be wild.
Hey, no prob. I'm no advisor, but I'm happy to share what I've found to support this play on GME. Make sure you give things a look, weigh the risks and decide on your own strategy. 💎👍
yes
Just put in a call order for 6:30 am for February as well !! Fingers crossed 🤞
The reason I bought some is because I can seriously see the potential of it reaching that within a year or two.
Big if true
01/15/21 being the earliest purchase date for a lot of stocks is the best thing that ever happened to me. I’m never going back to weeklys.
You know majority of code is math, right?
Lol nice move from Elon
True autists go by instincts, fuck graphs
Let’s repeal 230 mango and then see your account get banned 

🤡🤡🤡🤡
What happened?
If I may, skip the nerd shit and go into the electrician trade. Lots of private and union work. Strong prospects for solar installations in the short term. Dangerous if you're a dumbass, homeowner in your 20s if you work hard.
Lol.
smile & pack a bowl brother
[deleted]
Fox New is the kind of company to brainwash boomers and snort coke off hookers during commercial breaks
DXY at a 3 year low..... fuck it lets print some more!!
[deleted]
Have your dad write you a loan at the percentage your attorney says is the minimum and you both sign and notarize it.
Tesla is like Lisa Ann.. you have to accept its past it’s prime
Only need 18% more to be ITM 🤡
lol
🌚
tomorrow you mean today?
Where’s the guy with 3 million running on it to put this guy in his place
[removed]
This will go up another 400% easy
Will probably cash out around the $100 mark 😜
[deleted]
Guys stop posting retarded crayon drawings and dumn dates for the gme short squeez.

You just bleed and tire us out
you're lame if you invest in vanguard etfs
If dems call Bitchy Mitchy’s bluff, he’ll still vote against his own bill 

sad.
stocks dont go straight down. just like we had crazy rallies when we drilled to spy 218 in march. i have no baba position but its early to celebrate
A combination of both Trevor AND Milton = My susometer is exploding
If the media keeps saying this congressman died of COVID but yet it was really a heart attack that killed him(which I just read ), the market has no ceiling.
[removed]
its already panning out, the innovations are being used in the covid vaccine
NET 100 when?
GNOG is going to go crazy tomorrow 🍾🎉
[deleted]
yes but the Q4 figures for those sales dont get released till mid jan
Kind of gets fucked no matter what happens til announcement. Roaring market means your money is better elsewhere and a falling market is a bad environment for SPACs.
is the report fucked or what i’m financially illiterate
good advice. thank you
Does pee pee size matter?
Your post has been removed because a single link is insufficient DD. Please review the following links before resubmitting.

Please note that abusing DD flair can lead to getting banned.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

[How to conduct DD](https://www.wallstreetoasis.com/forums/on-the-job-with-simple-as-my-research-process)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Fuck of with this boomer Facebook shittier.
not if you bought the dip
getting excited about pltr pm moves and seeing it drill by 10am only for it to flatline all day pikachuface.jpeg
Or if u yolo GME
[deleted]
You can still buy and sell stocks as a minor tho🤷‍♂️
The chart is demonstrating an explosion in the specific sectors. Nasdaq is very broad while Cathie is targeting specific industries.
could i just have one day in the market where something goes well for me

please


jesus christ
That joke was funny last year
Yes please
Please link to any legal definition of 'platform' that exists literally anywhere in law in any country, much less the US.

Cause it ain't in section 230 or the CDA.
What if the genetics thing doesn't pan out for another 5 or 10 years?
yeah it is gonna be. don’t doubt the vibe retard
Ni shi da baba
Spy calls, Intel Jan 15 calls
You still think it’s gonna end up 20% below it’s peak? That’s pessimistic of you to be honest.. will get back to its peak pretty soon
ban
This place is turning to shits anyways my man
I love the “China is lying to world” rhetoric in the US.
havent yall been sayin this for the last 6 trading days :)
there are rumours about PSTH prepairing 2 big customer contracts to be announced in Jan
I had psth but got impatient and sold it. I'm going to rebuy some tomorrow I think
[removed]
That is not the case. Section 230 of the CDA does not at any point say a company cannot editorialize content hosted by them.
so you're saying its gonna have a 20% day? Mmmk
Talking about wheeling 100 AMZN shares, not buying one share of BRK A
MM afraid to have their 25-26 calls called so the being lil’ bitches EOY. Nothing new ‘sigh’
BABA 20% DAY?
PLTR is like a drunk ex right now trying to come over to bang. Looking great right now but will be garbage in the morning
Oh yeah Nikola up tremendously in PM and absolutely wrecking these shorts, you love to see it.  /s🤨
Computer science is a major, software engineer is a job title
He’s either a troll or just an asshole, so I really don’t feel bad either way. If it is real though I pity his poor parents.
[deleted]
So is a dogshit virus
It worries me though looking at the 5 year chart. It was literally flat for that entire time almost, meanwhile the nasdaq was going up 20%+ a year
If getting a job is your goal then the degree doesn’t matter as much as the contacts you make while you are there. Too many people put too much emphasis on the paper and blame the system when there is no job waiting for them on the other side. gl
I'm like 70% ARKG now
[deleted]
[deleted]
Too late!
ban
Yeah that’s a hard argument for them to make when countries all over the world are posting record deaths. Then you look at NZ who managed the outbreak almost perfectly and they have normal deaths. But, you don’t really expect Fox News to understand data.
honestly, doesn't matter at all. its going to go to 30, 40, 50... 100+? Gains are gains! Hold, hold, hold!
may my wayyyyy OTM leaps print!
This is a legal myth and has no basis in reality. There isn't actually a legal definition of either an online platform or online publisher.

CDA 230 **has no legal distinctions between publishers and platforms, it does not mention either any in part of the section or preceding law.**

At all. This is a Trump-led lie. All websites are 'Interactive Computer Services.' That's it. That's the distinction. Facebook? An interactive computer service protected under 230. An actual book publisher that puts out books online? An interactive computer service protected under 230. Newsmax? an interactive computer service protected under 230.

Stop spreading absolute bullshit lies and pretending it means literally anything.

Wanna know where you got really confused and this whole mess started? Facebook called itself a platform in order to pump its stock. That's fucking it. That's all. It's a marketing term with no basis in legal reality.
retarded but smart
Pleas fly again real DD
If this is another green open and sell off bleeding kind of day moral will be broken
In a market with 1.4bn people who are getting wealthier and wealthier, in the most technologically advanced country in the world
PLTR REACHING ATH TODAY. THERES ONLY ONE DIRECTION FROM HERE, AND THATS UP 🚀🚀🚀
Wsb bears aren’t as skilled as this one
[deleted]
It’s literally a trading subreddit, so yes you fucking retard
Idk, just know that they’re risk to it. If you didn’t find a job after that, you wasted 4 years plus $100 k in loans.

So choose wisely, I have no idea what the job market will look like in 4 years, but what’s your alternative?

Is your alternative a minimum wage job at Wendy’s? ...
PLTR PM maximum cruelty to bulls as it shits the bed to blood gurgling red by 9:45
Well don’t hold out on us
Sentences, punctuation, grammar and complete thoughts please.
Praying for a dip so I can buy back in
there’s no way in hell i could get a 4.0 i got a mere 2.8 in high school and that was me working my ass off
r/conspiracy come get your man
I think in order for a massive squeeze to happen there has to be an event that forces all the shares to be recalled for a vote. Our most likely scenario for that is a hostile takeover by RC. 

But even if that doesn’t happen, the actual “fair” valuation of this company is higher than its current market cap. It should start getting some upward pressure from shorts covering, even if that happens slowly over several months, rather than explosively over a few days.
I see PLTR and rockets? Im all yours bby
" The [company](https://www.reuters.com/article/velodyne-lidar-tech/velodyne-aims-to-price-new-self-driving-car-sensor-below-500-idUSKBN27U03K) said the unit will have no moving parts - known as “solid state” in the industry - and will be small enough to fit behind the windshield of a car. It said the sensor can be used for self-driving vehicles or existing driver-assistance features such as emergency braking and lane-keeping assistance. "

Such a low quality sensor compared to Luminars $1000 sensor. This would help marketing due to the 3 products theory. Velodyne's sensor being entry, Luminar in the middle, and Velodyne's expensive sensor.
Cathie already wet af
Might want to take those profits while you still can.
Get a margin account, duhh
They don't care about the details. They want results.
Buy PSTH noob
PLTR gently kissing my neck before it dicks me down the second market opens.
My daughters first word was BABA
Need a play to make my 973 lost dollars back from last week
fear no more brother. for today we rip
It means sleepy has to compensate, more stimmy when sleepy comes
Algos will react to keywords but probably not much more.
Both good majors for job opportunities. Get a 4.0 and walk into six figures.

Source: got a 2.5 in biology and walked into five figures.
wat rumor
That's what I call a retard with crayons.You'r support zone you fucker is at $23.57ish. Now stack up more fucking shares and learn to draw
Arkg recovery???
Use Apollo if you have an iOS device
Orange won title as most admired man in America. 

Lol what?

It’s because SPY went from 220 to 370.
Getting a few extra dollars on my Vanguard ETF dividends baby 💸💸💸
To all people asking about baba drill:

It was last week. 

Now we go back to 300. In Jack Ma we trust
webull
 **\~Tl;dr\~ BUY AAPL, BUY AAPL LEAP CALLS**
Wait is there an 18+ rule on here lol?
IPO $10, didn’t even fall below $8 so how is your cb $7.75 🤷🏽‍♂️
Cathie will sell high and buy low. No worries.
[deleted]
Man i bought right b4 the dip i wanna die
Sir, this is the unemployment line.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
[deleted]
[deleted]
Fuck that..Wendy's is hiring..in 5 years you could be assistant to the assistant manager..
PLTR GANG

WE GONNA GET OUR DICKS WET TODAY 💯
What rumor?
MARA gunna boom today watch
Up 12% PM
Don’t encourage this
Remindme! 1 year
[deleted]
Realistically how much trading is going to happen on NYE? Market has been pretty slow since Christmas Eve.
People here are retarded
it will come true.
I’m buying the shit out of it.  I have absolutely no clue why there’s been such a big sell off the past few days, there’s no reason for it.  Also, it’s been pretty low volume the past week...  It’s going to gap up soon, as the fundamentals are strong, business is good for FDX, and most analysts are in agreement with a $300+ price.

My theory on why the sell off:

People are lumping FDX and UPS into the COVID stocks.   That’s a BIG mistake.  They have both secured very long term contracts through COVID logistics issues, and e-commerce has also accelerated big time this year.
Did you get a pat on the back from your wife’s boyfriend?
I think I goofd putting too much money into arkk. How much longer could this party go? Should I just not worry and let it ride? I have about 40% of my money in arkk and arkw 😐. Starting to feel a little nervous though
You fricked it up talking about it
Let's assume all free shares are bought up. Wouldn't all of them have to be in 💎🖐 in order for the squeeze to work? I mean, don't have shorters still plenty of apples to shake from the tree if they hold big stock positions too and dump them at once? Don't know if they hold any or how any of this works; not a bear, just a question.
[deleted]
should i go to college for computer science or software engineer? i’m dog shit at math so i’m leaning toward software engineer but computer science seems like there is more opportunities in the job market.
I wonder how long it will be until the first vaccinated deaths are reported. Mrna puts?
A god among men
[deleted]
Just factoring past 90 DTE Standard Deviation. Compare it to further time periods and we can either see high or low volatility this way based on a a shrinking or growing number. The expected moves are a bit more calculated when the number becomes much smaller. Not entirely useless, but I’ll agree it’s not going to give us a direction, just an idea of possibly.
I gave up. I answered the goddamn “is wsb an internet meme” question.
Me too
Shut up proletariat
Within next 1-2 weeks probably
This is the way
Why?
Then individual republicans start taking popularity hits and can be primaried. Right now McConnell acts as a lightning rod shielding the rest of the part from negative press (After all, if you think McConnell doesn't have 100% GOP Senate support in **every single action he takes**, you're retarded and not in the good way). More Republicans would flip if they knew their seats were actually at risk and their votes would actually be headline talking points.
To type Mitch is the type of guy
I am ready to be hurt by PLTR again today
Lmaoo yeah it me
Iv is so damn high
gonna buy more pltr, that's my move today, have people not seen their [q3 report](https://investors.palantir.com/home/default.aspx) this month or what
Sir, if your prophecy comes true, and PLTR goes over 28, I'm willing to suck your massive schlong.
id meme your ass but hope you pull through bro, cant leave before the greatest bull run of the 20th century
What chess has taught me: If you are not Freddie Mercury, or Elon Musk, don't wear a funny hat, live in a tower, or ride horseback in your day-to-day, you are just a pawn. But someday... If you try real hard and manage to get all the way across the board with your nuts intact, you can be whoever the fuck you wanna be.
Super V Recovery Activated
Are you telling me that someone would go on the internet and tell lies?
I think it's quite commendable to finish what you started while having a stroke
US leaders are Gyna
Ban
Cheee heee
Well considering just like right here, he can show the moron hes talking to (in this case you!) the facts and they will be wrong (hey that's also just like you!) I'd say it will "hold up" just fine
You can subscribe to their daily activity on their website
Are there any services out there that allow minors to buy options? I'm only 17 and rn I can only buy stocks on my Ameritrade account

Edit: am I getting downvoted by auts that are mad a minor is making more than them solely off stocks?
Damn I wish lol :(
Imagine thinking Covid is dangerous. Everyone basically had it...
Let’s see the new position
I have 420 Reddit coins left, will keep it at 420
Tbf I only use HL for funds, 212 is good for day trading but can also be used for ISA & investing I’m not too sure if their are any options trading apps.
Stimmy me timbers turtle man
thanks dad
thats the spirit, will it into existence boi
I´m counting on you to moon today NIO.
poopoo
Holy shit AI is here to takeover
I'm here
i see - interestingly, it is currently up in pre-market by nearly 5%, maybe it was just a dip?
You have to be hugging your pillow. You do that we got this.
8 something ?
Religion is used to control the masses.
There’s ten seconds of my life I’ll never get back. What did I just read?
Nice humblebrag
until i would does
Fox News crying about how states are saying everything is a covid death. Crazy how many car accidents are happening this year to create the deadliest year on record when everyone is locked inside.
Is the Guh dude still virgin?
Can you explain a bit further? Sorry I’m new and retarded
Same rare to see, is there a better app to use in the UK ?
This is the ingenuity that makes me believe we will make it to Mars
$2 baybeee
[deleted]
Where do u see this
Ticker really should be PORN, right?
That’s why u get Robinhood instant deposit
50% here. Best of luck brotha
Donald, is that you?
Haha upvoted that. You’re improving
US has a similar effect.
are you still in STIC? Or were you just pumpin to dump? lol
Mitch is the kind of guy who trash talks a stock on WSB without posting his positions
akhctually
Oh hey step cousin, it's been a long time 😉
Yes, yes it does. Section 230 in no way prevents censorship. And censorship is not editorializing.

If I try to put up a billboard that's just a giant cock photoshopped onto Marie Antoinette's neck stump -- the billboard company has every right to censor my ability to do that to protect themselves under different laws and protect their brand name. 

At no point in history, ever, at any point, have publishing platforms been required to refrain from censorship legally to obtain rights. Ever. That's just not a thing that exists, no legal expert has ever said that was the case, no member of any BAR, not even New Jersey's would ever say that's the case.

It's literally something Trump completely and totally made up. It has zero basis in reality.
I think it will keep its momentum
shut the hell up
Lol no
Just realized my uncle is a bad religion :(
I say it's even more than that
🙄 crept from 12 to 13, let’s see where it lands at 9:30 lol 

2 1/15 12c 
2 1/15 10c
What’s the square root of this apartment?
today is the day that PLTR doesn’t dump at 10am and keeps ripping until AH. mark my god damn words.
yes, drill into MOON 🚀🚀🚀
Imagine believing Gyna numbers are real
Another rare specimen checking in.

💎👐
💎👐
💎👐

Do checkout other apps though like DeGiro, HL fees are next level retarded
All my tendies are belong to ARKG
[removed]
[deleted]
Username checks out but have yet to own a Tesla, don’t worry you’ll get yours soon
ya but does that mean he got out of STIC?
[deleted]
I bought SNE calls for June 2021 105C but the liquidity on those seems, thin? Baffles me actually as to why the liquidity on those are so low. Any idea?
Gay Elephant
only 12.5% of Bark Box? How would that work? The whole point of a SPAC is to acquire a company to bring it public without the IPO process. So, it would only have 12.5% come public? Would STIC still change to Bark Box after the transaction as SPACs usually do? That seems odd. I will have to read what happened there, I didn't know.

One thing I will say though - its currently up in pre-market nearly 5% so maybe it was just a dip?
What’s the tag?
pray for 3% PM so we at least get sideways MH
That was real? I thought that was a throwaway joke in Arrested Development.
GBP pence? I ‘ardly know ‘er
Can’t believe I was lied to by wsb
[removed]
 **\~Tl;dr\~ BUY AAPL, BUY APPL LEAP CALLS**
I swear to god people only know what makes them feel smart and what makes them feel that way is a fear driven virus that makes them
Feel like omgggg I’m so big brain yes very deadly very much need vaccine what is running!? What is eating healthy!? Those things don’t Fuking work only vaccine make me work and live I smart fuk a lot of you
...YET ;)
“Wuhan: nearly 490,000 people could have had Covid, study finds
Official tests for antibody prevalence suggest an infection rate 10 times higher than official number”



No fucking shit Sherlock.
Amd so it was
It is in the Philippines
Everyone knows plug is where the money is at
To have meaning in life, lots of people don’t have any meaning, it’s like to have as much pleasure as possible and enjoy and no meaning

We have meaningless crisis, that’s why lots of people are into drugs, drugs gives pleasure short term. If pleasure is the meaning of life, then it’s reasonable why people get addicted
PLTR all the way! Just go for monthlies or leaps my friend. MM are pinning the price below 25$ until Dec 31 to let a metric fuckton of calls expire worthless.. but we‘re not giving up
Great bot 10/10
baba drill today ?
That was pretty dope catch tho
Long 🍏 and 🤤👅
Sir, this is the unemployment line.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Bingo is mooning every few seconds as we speak lol. Up over 50% now after hours.
Sell some $20 covered calls on a green day. You’ll be fine.
[deleted]
[deleted]
moscow mitch = beijing bitch
$BBBY bulls alive/been born?
I love how this is a google screenshot
Republicans have to choose between a very popular (among Republicans) president that will tweet about them all day or mitch, a guy that won't attack them publicly anyways. 

Easy choice in my book.
PLTR will dump market hours as is tradition 🌈🐻
Not real
[Always has been](https://i.ibb.co/0fBNpWJ/2d9b3f46061e.png)

^^^this ^^^has ^^^been ^^^an ^^^accessibility ^^^service ^^^from ^^^your ^^^friendly ^^^neighborhood ^^^bot
Bingo
Depends on how far you want to stretch the word religion I guess. It also codifies standards for behavior and ups the risks associated with going against those standards. It gives followers a shared “story” and culture even if they are otherwise distinct groups. Religious gatherings help hold and bring a local community together.
It just broke $2.00 up 50% after hours
meeeee
Ban this garbage.
if it brings you to your knees its a bad religion
always has been
are*
 19
CCP shi bu hao 😭
My answer is completely retarded. I got a masters in biotechnology, had some pharmaceutics lectures and from that I can tell you that heat and light can alter the chemicals n your drug. 

If you want to be safe call your pharmacy or doctor.
[deleted]
Where are y’all seeing Cathie Wood MARA purchase?
2 days and my funds is still not available to trade.🤦‍♂️
Religion historically helped kings deflect anger away from themselves from peasants poor conditions, tithes increased coffers, and gave justification to their wars. Very helpful to the ruling class
lol the videos are pumping PLUG and telling them to YOLO on it because "thousands of dollars" are on the line
only to dump before 10am and flatline
What do you mean?
PLTR PREMARKET UP BIG

MY COCK IS NOW UP BIG
probability of a green/red day is just as useful as TA, not at all

past doesn't predict future, as simple as that, especially when news you can't account for and macro events drive markets, not previous performance

that being said, if you put a few 🚀🚀🚀 after the ticker then the short term direction becomes painfully obvious
Volume on sub too low. Retards still sleeping
True autists use Google's stock graphs
[Here's my diary entry](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/emhfhl/my_take_on_why_bed_bath_and_beyond_is_doing_so/) on the piece of shit that is $BBBY.
citation needed
yes, 1pm
Mitch gets coordinated phone calls from  tons of left wing activist groups year round. Hes totally numb to it. If he won't cave to trump why would he cave to people that aren't on his side anyways? The check won't suddenly make dems vote for him. 

Tip: if you do call claim to be a republican.
Neither do I. More an extended thought. It’s just nice to know SD over a time period and seeing how it compares to forward movement. More often then not, we can expect a 0.4% move on any given day with small caps. That’a all it’s really telling us.
Money laundering
Depends on the religion, its tenets, and how much one adheres to it. The answer to your question will vary from person to person.
Did I miss anything? Is ARK going up again?
BABA dips at open, or rages forward?
MARA holy shit
No. Open full day Thursday, closed Friday. Including cboe markets
You mean like yesterday in PM?
Hot bitches go to church sometimes
YOU NEED A MIND FIRST MY FUKING GOD THE AMOUNT OF PEOPLE WITH DEGREES AND VAST KNOWLEDGE CANT EVEN SEE THAT THEIR OVER INTELLIGENCE IS IN FACT THEIR BRAINS BIGGEST DOWN FALL ITS THIS I KNOW THIS I READ THIS MENTALITY THAT DRIVES YOUR BRAIN INTO ACTUALLY BELIEVING AND LIVING OUT THE “TRUTH” you so well know it’s amazing how that works you Cucks love fear
Tik tok traders is a thing? 

But yea girls love one thing and it’s sadio MANEEEeee
An hour forty-five if you’re on ToS 😘
Market is closed Friday
[https://twitter.com/30SECVlDEOS/status/1344101611073904641](https://twitter.com/30SECVlDEOS/status/1344101611073904641)

🐻 getting his bread the only way he can after his puts expired worthless
I'm sorry for doubting you momma cathie. I've been a naughty boy.
CNBC are a bunch of clickbait boomer whores
RemindMe! 16 Jan 2021
Did... did you even read his comment?
SPY calls 

I’m mainly Theta Gang now tho

I’ve been selling TSLA Puts and AAPL puts more than anything. Made a few grand off the TSLA puts alone
I’m going to Thailand with my commie dollas
It’s the entertainment equivalent of a garbage collateralized debt obligation (CDO). Aka dogshit
I see I see, I know there is some logic behind investing but I just failed to see it. I’ll probably hold off and go for GameStop instead.
There’ll be a volume spike when it happens, so no. But the price could fall as fast as it rises.
Difference between what and pigeon?
only 4 hours and 20 minutes til market open my friends. lets make some mother fucking money
[deleted]
No one’s forcing you to join us. Without even getting into Cohen, Michael Burry scooped about 5% of GME and is riding the wave to infinite tendies. Do you 🤷‍♂️
You hate free money. .5T in revenue 🚀
You know how when a company misses earnings but goes up because “well it’s not as bad as we really assumed” 

It’s like that On a company wide scale. Shorts are assuming it’s blockbuster. The guy who invented chewy thinks it can reposition into a company that’s at least solvent
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/Mty-08 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Sir, this is the unemployment line.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
What’s your average?
Oh I see. Following the trend, interesting.
ya, it says there in the article that Velodyne is producing a new low cost sensor for $500 and that Luminar is looking at $15 mill revenues vs Velodyne's $100 mill.
[removed]
Bro just let it go. Don’t revenge trade.
It's a solid strategy. Don't listen to people who have never run the wheel. But I would have started by selling a cash secured put.
r/thetagang
Do the Home Alone scream face on every thumbnail
Hahaha. This is most certainly the way.
Is religion of any use beside giving people something to believe in and hope for a deeper meaning of life?
The dip was bought up so fast, if that’s not enough to hop on board idk what is🚀🚀
Holy fuck bn,go is up 50% ah how is that even possible lmao
!reminder 15 dayd
"I can't lose forever but I'm doomed to try"
Take a peak at the PM for B N G O and MARA and pick one and play it at the open. I’m going with MARA. What a day
I tried to find out what’s the hype behind Corsair.... apparently it’s only hype and artificial bumping shit
Speaking seriously for a moment I don’t think past performance is necessarily indicative of market movement one way or the other, but it does make for a good night’s sleep when it seems to confirm what you were gonna do anyway 🤡
Down -5.3% 

2,300 shares

*Beuahahahahah*
Ok Cathie not again
If we pool all our assets and form 'WSB holdings', will we appear on either list?
[deleted]
Wheel = penis right?
Most stock is better than Corsair tho
What did you buy?
And holy shit I just checked the price again. It’s literally RIGHT NOW lol
sHepa without the s really went off :/
Selling at a profit is infinitely better than taking a loss. Never more true with the constant opportunities privided by this crazy market
His biggest gains came from the NCLH spike in May that no one can convince me was predictable. Any sane person knew that we were still many months away from a vaccine and a year away from cruises resuming. Timing that spike is pure luck, he's just not self aware enough to realize that that's what it was. All his other plays are borderline retarded but are managing to go his way. His strategy to go all in on a single stock every time, on tremendously high risk gambits like GME is only going to work until it doesn't. He's gonna end up holding one hell of a bag at some point, along with all his worshipers.
It is equal to the square root of a gopher
Yes brother, the fire rises (bane voice)
Don't say that here, there's heavy snowflakes in here now. Fuk them !
A wsb user went all in with 1.7mil on crsr, arguably to pump up the price. So a lot of people followed because he made a lot of money in the past
You'd need a mind first.
RemindMe! 8 hours
This was beautiful
He's not selling a call for less than he paid. That would be dumb. If he's bullish on the stock, then the wheel is a good strategy.
Click here if you wanna get some free stocks from WeBull*~~shit~~*
profit is profit
I have leaps. I expect small returns. Theoretically, because they can buy and sell frequently unlike us, holding the etf is essentially letting them do short term trading for us without us having to pay short term capital gains taxes.

But this is only if you agree with them about the upcoming correction. If you think stonks only go up, then you might miss out on the sweet gme gains by giving them your money.

So the answer is... depends.
[removed]
How real is gme. Everyone was saying it's like blockbuster now all the sudden it's guaranteed? Seems fishy
Pleas fly again
XL is a Bad call ! never trust Citron.

good luck though !
Compared to TA, how accurate is this 🤔 [Numbers and graphs or whatever](https://imgur.com/gallery/D5I6pNW)
[removed]
what do you mean by professional investor?
The BABA / Chinese govt shit isn’t over, just leave Chinese stocks alone tbh.
Bingo is insane right now
[https://i.ibb.co/RczwgW0/arkg.png](https://i.ibb.co/RczwgW0/arkg.png)
[deleted]
Money ain’t even real to me lmfaooo
just to clarify, markets open till mid day on THURSDAY right?
[deleted]
If you bought shares you're gonna do great on each of those stocks.
[https://www.griproom.com/gilead-and-roche-merger-theory](https://www.griproom.com/gilead-and-roche-merger-theory)
Link?
I’ve known I was retarded, but even a retard calls a play every now and then
G up 2.6% pm
ur fucksd
both legs are the same length, especially the left one
Capitalist pigs: here’s $600

The great communist party: here’s the best buying opportunity of the year 

I’m going RED to go GREEN, comrades!
Get out while you can. Tf? Are y’all blind?
If you're thinking about SPAC's like PSTH please understand they can and DO go under NAV, it's not like there's a literal price floor.
You'd be better going all in on an ETF by that logic. But you're asking the question here so my advice is go balls deep on a highly speculative tech SPAC
It will go back to 250 by NYE easily.
[chart](https://imgur.com/gallery/D5I6pNW)
I’m selling if it hits 17 because I’ll mostly break even.  I’ll probably sell at 16 tbh.  I got suckered by the “they have deals in place” line, honestly they won’t have shit until 2022 which in the real world probably means 2024.  By then they’ll be dusted.  Oh well
PLTR dumping at open, as usual!
She bought calls lol
Are cloud stocks finally gonna run or what
Yeah but at some point it makes sense to roll them.. Before theta really starts fucking you.
It’s just astonishing that you chose to use all your potential towards over analyzing a virus that can be effectively beaten through proper diet and exercise that you’ve become so mentally wrapped up in Fuking vaccine that doesn’t Fuking matter because the virus kills 1% of people it comes into contact with soooo you suggest these upgrades to again a vaccine that doesn’t Fuking matter because it’s a FUKING SHEEPSBABY BLANKET YOURE RETARDED
G?
christ these futures are getting volatile. open should be entertaining if anything
I swear there’s like 10 people trolling me right now downvoting everything I post.
Guess everyone was right about you.
Cathie K pm is up. +0.9% ok, not bad
What's the difference between a pigeon ?

&#x200B;

u got until the market opens.
Ba is gonna be a ten bagger. They'll be upgraded cuz their plain flew and it'll 🚀
Down ~8% on PLTR, upping my position by 100 shares, 1 Jan 2022 40c

PLTR🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Cathie bought the dips on ARKG holdings

Prepare to a moon mission
Everyone's holding bags after yesterday
Lmao you’re talking as if GA voters are retarded and can’t see through the charade
It was pump and dumped and the original pumper posted that they sold. It also came out that stic is only going to have like a 12.5% share or something.. I bailed at a small loss, not that I gambled much on it in the first place.. need to stop trying to turn a quick buck..
[deleted]
Spce could absolutely pop today
[removed]
If AAPL hits 138 today 🙏🏼
I have no idea what any of this means but I am ready to take out a second mortgage on my house to buy TNA 69c 1/8 at open 🚀🚀🚀
Times like these and general feeling of entitlement makes you do weird sh\*t huh. But to be fair, it's what makes this sub.
Bruh last week I said baba calls were the obvious play, everyone called me retarded. Did I take my own advice. Nope. Fucking hell. Bought weeklies yesterday idc.
[deleted]
He’s 42 and a dentist and plays cod all day in a studio apartment....
Buy at close, sell at open has worked almost every single day for the past 2 weeks. 

You just hate money too much to notice 🤫
Week is short there’s 1 less theta
But they live forever as legends
Looking at the market cap of other fast food chains, I don't think the 5-7 billion they got is enough for Subway anyways...
whats the ticker retard
Call edna tho, sounds like a nice lady
Your last few sentences very well sum up   the thinking I've been holding for a while also. Looking at things like star link to bring reliable high speed to rural areas at reasonable costs to also help improve these things. 

But I'm a Moron.
[deleted]
I thought I was fomoing when I bought at 234 yesterday
B N G O and MARA - this is the way today
Both up insane in PM. MARA is gunna be what I play at the open. Up 12% now, last time it popped was to 35% last week. Here we go post dump
y doesn’t she just go to goodwill?
Or are they closed
[deleted]
You see plenty of Honda Odysseys with autopilot?
Bro you got the ticker wrong.
[https://www.griproom.com/gilead-and-roche-merger-theory](https://www.griproom.com/gilead-and-roche-merger-theory)
is this called long term investing?
[removed]
[deleted]
I wish, would be more profitable than most things posted on this sub lmao
[deleted]
I agree. People are chomping at the bit to jump back in.

Sadly, I loaded up before the "ANT ipo" so im just hoping to get back to break even.
Hot Water Challenge Yall~

*scalds family member*
You see women putting on makeup with one hand while holding some large mirror like Contraption in the other hand all the time?

How do they do this with only one hand when this clearly requires two? You don't see the productivity benefit here with Tesla? Look at the recent stock performance of Tesla and Ulta.

Which car does this woman Buy in the future, the car that let's her do makeup with one hand or two? Quite simple, long Tesla
It’s me with XPev puts
Because fuck China
I give up, selling all my PLTR shares, buying puts..........


Just kidding, fuk u 🌈🐻
-15% on SPCE after buying the dip... pleas fly again
[deleted]
Did anyone else buy BNTX at the top????? I didn't buy much but I still feel like a retard 🤦🤦🤦
Some tard on this subreddit gonna make some cheddar off baba.
Haha my god the PM movement on MARA is 🍌s again

Up another 12% and we are 4 hours out
Deep
one of you 🤡 going to lose it all today

congrats
Stagnant in the product but not stagnant in monetization. They will print 💵 because users are stay at home moms (aka the family’s wallet).
Shares? Wtf you 🌈bruh?
>coffee-infused zero calorie

Wtf
[deleted]
[deleted]
With everyone FOMOing, BABA will be running up to 250+ EOW easyyyy
what's the plan today ? do I add calls on NIO or do I add calls on NIO ?
Matthew 6: 9-13
God damn at least I grabbed some BABA leaps. FML should have just bought weeklies
There’s more to it, over the last 66 trading days the russ 2k has a probability of 60.60% of being green vs 39.40% being red. Using this we could factor in a 24% upside or 15% down side still netting us 9% 🥳
You will be up tomorrow brother, i feel it in my tingling balls
Priced in.
> Me? I trade so I can get some bitches on my dick.

I trade so that even my bitches can get some bitches on their dick 😎
[deleted]
Where ? Link
I’m still waiting, will check back tomorrow
My dream is to make enough to start wheeling AMZN, anyone else?
Being a SPAC, it's gonna explode like 80% the week after you sell. Just hold tight. And pm me when you're about to sell😘
Okay, it's over 2,000 upvotes. Where's that other $300K?
[deleted]
I don't understand why it's performing so much worse than all other ev spacs
Q4 generally has good ads revenue, speculation usually comes in before Q4 earnings.
No - market has to price chance Dems will win which it is now. Market will rise when Dems lose. Your scenario would take
Months to play out
like what
Who else got their $600 mines pending
I am indeed good buddies with Alexa analytics 😎
You’re honestly the most pathetic person I’ve ever seen post I’d love to see your real life picture
Tik Tok traders are new level of cringe

its all about money to impress others, and they inevitably blow up their account for a stupidly superficial and insecure reason.

Me? *I trade so I can get some bitches on my dick.*
Yes I think so
Then talk to your fucking pharmacy
[https://www.griproom.com/gilead-and-roche-merger-theory](https://www.griproom.com/gilead-and-roche-merger-theory)
No it was because they were going to lose their ass in court because of revenge porn unchecked all over their site
[removed]
please 🛸 again
Not a ton, all shares, its the only shit im holding that I dont trust.
So does them holding it as cash means we still buy lol?
So I haven't been on Reddit or WSB much lately. Just came back cause I have some freed up cash from selling TSLA stock and need to put it somewhere. Anyway, I just checked out the stocks I remember were all the hype on WSB back when I was last actively checking the sub, which is LL, ALLY, ENPH and SPCE. LL and ALLY have been stellar, SPCE is kinda sideways and ENPH has been continuing upwards. Well anyway, I just bought equal parts PLTR, PSTH and CRSR. Yes I'm a retard but it's altogether only like 10% of my otherwise rather defensive portfolio (since I stopped yoloing tsla) and I can afford to lose 100% on that no problem.
I thought about buying roughly $1000 worth of shares, icln seems like a relstively safe bet since weve got Biden in office now. I personally see a lot of clean evergy stocks going up if youre willing to hold for a while.
amen
MARA is gunna go bananas again today already up 10% in PM
wait january and you'll see it climb again. big news are coming up.
Most spacs perform like it has post merger s. Should of done better research
My sister is so fucking cheap it annoys the fuck out of me. She’s looking for desks and she’s trying to spend $40. Naturally she’s trying to purchase something off shitbook too. This ad she sent was the POS clapped out 500# desk that needs repairs and she’s like “what do you think about this”

#Its trash
You’re legit this into Covid lmfaooo you’re pathetic as fuk a virus that can be beat by being healthy and you’re this into it.. You need to go outside and run a fuking mile or something your brains ass Fuking backwards
[deleted]
Leaps 10% OTM.
Tell you're henchman McConnell to give me more stimmy so i can give it to you.
If it makes you feel any better, if a 40% discount wasn’t good enough, you probably never would have bought in to it
Using your data, I calculated that avg move of russel 2000 in the next 66 trading days will be roughly within the +/-100% range. 🤔
How much you got?
 Borrowed meaning margin. So how the fuck he get to get level 3 or 4 trading naked puts or calls without knowing what he was doing?
Where did you see this?
NUT
COVID ?
https://m.benzinga.com/article/17870899?utm_referrer=https%3A%2F%2Fduckduckgo.com&utm_source=https%3A%2F%2Fduckduckgo.com
Thoughts on icln?
Same
🐝 or XL, which one of you fat dicks will fuck me this morn?
[removed]
Agree. Q4 earnings will be good.
$99,997 into PLTR
F
Right when I start thinking that about a ticker and take a position to take advantage of it, is exactly when it decides to keep ripping.
I bought more, thank you for having one last holiday sale before the new year
:)
GOEV has to be one of the worst stocks I’ve ever purchased, bought it at $19.30 🥲
Dude come on
Dw dude I’ve done the same thing with FCEL - long term should be good to go
Probably DRIV in America
I bought so many puts over the last 2 days
poopoo
Cause I’m funny hehe
Green dildo pattern
Ah yeah you’re right then, tax hikes fucked either way
ARKG monthly
Sure, go off of people you know instead of actual stats 🤣 How many people you know have a tesla?
Y not lol
They are conservative state senators. Would actual work for them not against.
Feel better ma dude
[deleted]
Did this last week (fedex) … hope it treats you better than it did me
what is m a r a
Y
Xpeng, mooning hope he bought the dip
My phone was acting retarded. Idk why it posted it twice. Also why tf did mine get downvoted and yours get upvoted?
I’m starting to become sceptical of Vito because he selectively replies to other comments when people ask for screenshots of his positions and we’re all bleeding at least 30% in our positions
Until I’d does
Ya but if they go against they will feel the wrath of their constituents. Not a good look to go against your party line and constituents
I spent the final trading hour buying up dips for AMD, SQ, FCEL, PLTR, FEYE, CRSR, VLDR and BFT.

Now I'm regretting PLTR (lock up period & downgrades that I didn't read about until after) and FCEL (Still consolidating, should have waited until it's under $10)
Did you get an "incoming call" reply to a "sup"?
This is the currently priced in scenario. Democrats win is not.
Can't find it
PLTR puts at open, never fucking fails
Since when does smallest mean going all in?
[removed]
No. 2 Dems against.
Gl hope you’re okay
Shit needs to start going up, I’ve had enough red for this year
Generaly its not a good idea to go balls deep on one company. So many things that can go wrong. To name a few, cooking books, product recalls, CEO pedo scandal, getting slowly crushed by the competition (look at intel). etc.
This isn't even the real BABA rocket. If we get a single piece of good news with the CCP, expect a +25% day.
Dunno, seems like overall megacap gets valuation growth over time based on the printer. So might still get to 4T in a few years and we'll be asking what gets it to 8T
Wouldn’t tax hikes be inevitable with the Dems taking the senate?
Im not salty about your fake gains. You just sound like a garbage fuck.
[deleted]
Awww yes..... Another day of doing nothing but watching Babas stock and playing a game of nut or no nut.... Looking like nut day today boy's 😁😁😁😁
[deleted]
[deleted]
Was the massive pornhub content purge a step on the path to IPO? 

$PHUB when?
hi im gay
I believe in memes
Dem Arizona bitches hit differet😫
You're goddamn right (quite seriously)
[deleted]
Remind Me! 3 years
Can you buy calls on universities?
I appreciate updates when trades dont go as planned. No exactly loss porn but just a nod at being legit. Alot of cucks like to recommend trades not show positions and delete their accounts when it goes south. Cough MT cough
Holy fuck boys I am so sick right now. Going to the ER ASAP
Seems like they should be up a lot, congrats
I’m fucking dying. All these twisted tea memes and Mitch McConnell memes are killing me. 🤣🤣🤣🤣
Idek what sub you’re referring to
[removed]
For fundamentals i recommend fedobserver

I caught wind of square during the march crash due to him.
To pay boomer platform fees loooollll
Link?
huge 1% gains
Mitch is the type of guy
10k to go into: BABA PLTR ARKG, give me a hint.. ARKG biggest position rn, PLTR smallest
[deleted]
Shoulda just bought rocket stocks and held. 
Oh wait, wrong sub
LMAO 12/31 holy shit I’m dying LMAOOOO
50% down, if I had sold day before yesterday would have been 50% up
You've been on Reddit long enough to respect a subs' posting guidelines.
I’m fucking dying. All these twisted tea memes and Mitch McConnell memes are killing me.🤣🤣🤣🤣
I wish bounty hunting was a real profession.
Type BABA with your iPhone 12 Pro’s, these are the emojis that come up -> 🤤👅 

You know we cuming hard at the game
No thanks chief
I’m fucking dying. All these twisted tea memes and Mitch McConnell memes are killing me.
only if you plan to spend that shit overseas.
bro, serious q
-6% was a doozie tho.
Best one yet 🚀🚀🚀
[deleted]
Why can’t the U.S. accept polygamy it’s 2020? I’d say it’s hardly there fault for wanting to have more cheeks to clap.
Same, could have had so much more gains
XPev pleas crash again
poopoo
ARKG 🚀🚀🚀🚀
It didn’t work, I ended up crowd funding a EV company help!!?
this game is all about what have you done for me lately
Even /r/investing would shun you for lack of divesification. If you gonna be a gay boomer just get VOO or some dividend index.
Sell puts. Falling dollar works in your favor
I can see you are German, my meds is made by boehringer ingelheim, I have a blood clotting condition so wanna ask you a serious Q, is this answer not retarded?
Solid DD as usual 🚀 🌚
What did he say
Warren buffet is around 40% apple. nothign goes wrong probably but tendie growth is slow
Valeant 2, Electric Boogaloo
Lmfaoo why’re you salty My guy. Not that serious
Yeah look at you with your $6k portfolio lmfao

No wonder you dont give a fuck about research. You play with pennies.

>I’ve been down to $100 then back up to 5k 6k and took
Bit fed up: any gains made on US stock being eaten by falling dollar.   


Eurorich, Ameripoor.
poopoo
i actually like this guy lol, dude seems cool and has some good shit on yt
100% in anything other than PSTH is generally a risk
Aren't they capybara
BABA please 🚀
Nice pump and dump you fucking asshole.
Holy shit lol i thought i was in trouble with 1/15 good luck to you brother
Comes looking for confirmation bias. Leaves gloating. Ban this fgt.
Thank you for the detailed and insightful post.
serious q man
I was kinda tempted to get in on BABA Monday, but was scared by how dependent they are on staying in a good relationship with the Chinese government.

Regret not going in, Alipay is still huge  🌈🐻
Would a 100% Apple portfolio actually be legit? I don't feel like Apple is a company that would  be involved in an Enron-like scandal. What could go wrong with Apple? It seems to be the most reliable company out there.
How long do you have to leave them back out after freezing them?
More likely: dems don’t win both seats and markets pop because they don’t control both houses.
Great. Need a good day lol
I’ll make 10K total I think. Instead of 50K if I was greedier
Didn’t read. Instead printed off my PLTR contract notes and viciously rubbed them on my titties 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🪂
I will be messaging you in 16 days on [**2021-01-15 09:38:50 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2021-01-15%2009:38:50%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://np.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kmz776/gme_yolo_my_account_reached_50k_for_the_first/ghhi2ik/?context=3)

[**24 OTHERS CLICKED THIS LINK**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fkmz776%2Fgme_yolo_my_account_reached_50k_for_the_first%2Fghhi2ik%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202021-01-15%2009%3A38%3A50%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%20kmz776)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|
I actually agree with this
Which movies is that?
Gotta lock it first
Thanks for explaning
Dip is rn
Bruh 1 red day and y'all turn on Cathie G so fast lol
Oooof when did you sell those, in the big ass dip?
Nice actually. SPACS are gonna have a good day
Loss porn makes me feel alive again
[deleted]
NIO 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Just buy ARKG no way I'm gonna learn how this shit works
ouch, how much premium tho?
I stumbed across this sub accidentally and I have zero fucking clue what's going on. It's awesome
Average move for the Russell 2000 has been  +/-0.41% over the last 66 trading days with a standard deviation of about 0.05% do what you want with this info.
BABA! To think I doubted you
Hows our boy IPOC looking pre market?
It’s relevant because Mormons fled to Mexico to practice their beliefs. Smol brain
I would kill my.... portfoliooooooo
mayne fuck lazr. VLDR is the one you want to buy
My BABA covered calls have a strike at 220 :(((
Speak for yourself sir I open this sub and look for the post with the most rocket emoji's to yolo my student loans in if that isn't research then what is
poopoo
If weren’t in MARA already then pretty much missed it
Unless you changed something and provided bank account details since then, it will probably arrive the same way. Direct deposits first, then debit cards, then paper checks.
Ducking going all in on ECAR etf. Inverse me if you want idc, shit is the next ICLN/INRG
Losing hope in PLTR, it's my biggest position. Only thing that can save all this is good earnings next month, but I'm having doubts that earnings will be any good. Should have bought LMND instead.
[deleted]
Pltr seems like a decent long term play..
Sorry my bad, thanks for clarification
[deleted]
I m fycking panicking with my 12/31 660 and 670c
https://i.imgur.com/vPO4a9K.jpg
Listen up. There may be a giant buy the dip opportunity coming. Dems have a 35% chance of winning the Senate. If they do, market will freak out before realizing tax hikes are unlikely and more stimulus likely.

Buy that dip. Go cash gang until then.
TSM, by far my favorite stock of the year. Hope it hits $110 before the first
The more DD i put the more retarded my return is. Most of my gain is literally picking random ticker here.
Nice. I got my stimulus last time via a debit card in the mail. Is that how I'll get it again or will it be bank deposit?
She had her day. byoChip is bleeding silicon so need diversified business
And RMO
If your into pennies and some scummy tech company:  
When it pumps on patent news, it's time to sell. Those kinda of news are pointless and all mid/big cap tech companies make thousands of patents every year. They may not even lead to anything special or it is just renewing old ones. Patent is not a finished product.
speaking of our Lord and Savior where is he with his posts!!!  Oh lord of balls of steel and diamond hands please bless us plebs with matsturbation material so that we may forsee the gates to Valhalla 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
position: GME 300 20.11
I know. I hope today is different. Let the man have hope 🙏
F
Pass plz, mister meta. We got 5 hours to open
!RemindMe 16 Days
My bank is showing a pending deposit from the IRS dated 1/4. It showed up about an hour ago.
For now maybe 🤔
DOW 40,000 by end of 2021 for sure
Should have done ITM leaps. +10% is better than -86%.
All you guys out here making over $100,000 plays and I’m out here with $60 to my name. Fuck, I just want enough money to actually be autistic instead of just some autistic dude with $60. It’s like being a sickly kid in a bubble while watching out the window all your friends playing baseball outside.
No effing doubt!
Good looking chair
260 EOW
He has tendie senses and they’re tingling
Every time ARKG is up pre market it bleeds out throughout the day tho
Did you know that Cathie going to buy GME?

Its going into her new ARKS ETF
M A R A will be up 30% by noon. Don’t miss it
Same i jumped out Monday and bought the dip yesterday. I just hope it doesn't fade by open like it has the last few days
If you are ugly as fuck anything is a turnoff
PSTH watching grow 
M A R A watching blow up
[deleted]
You hold at least $2M worth of AAPL?
It would be the catalyst for SPY 500.
Why not i have as well
how do you know when its coming in?
I see you’re an optimist
What if china just decided to release another virus after we had a vaccine out? Could you imagine anything more demoralizing?
Alarm set for 06:55 🤞PLEASE TSLA MOON🤞
Exactly- They’ll end up with a 50,000 yuan fine and it’ll jump 20%
[deleted]
Nice. RH isn't showing me pre market for ARKG, so I didn't see that plus 2.7%. Hope we get back to 105 soon so my options can print bigly
I said this last night and I’ll say it again, shut the fuck up. Market is not gonna dip like that again, literally a once in a lifetime opportunity to buy.
Nobody I know ever uses Pinterest. Pinterest has nothing on competitors like Google and Instagram. Alexa page on Pinterest doesn’t look promising either (#141 globally!), but maybe you’ll like it more than I do. 

https://www.alexa.com/siteinfo/pinterest.com

Tl;dr no opinion on your contract but I think Pinterest is gonna eat shit long term.
Exactly, hope they die today
Baba
143

Edit: That was Sal's wife... got a little excited.
10:00am on the dot
Yea bro, you can interpret it as anything because we're all slaves to something
Baba really got me edging
Because fuck xpev
My $600 stimulus check is coming in on Monday. Will either have the equivalent of a $2000 check or nothing by February with some options 🚀
They are buying stable companies, so growth will be much slower. I'm just hoping my 100c leap gets itm in a few months.
Good luck 😬
Trust fund
RemindMe! 6 months

Just in case 3 months aint enough
really feeling calls tomorrow
To Valhalla brother
What are we other than cash cows and votes being pushed and pulled constantly by corporations and political groups, being blasted by the most sophisticated propaganda tools ever seen? Every single opening is taken advantage of to try to manipulate our thoughr process and alter our behavior. 

And it's only going to get worse. I don't want to play that game my entire life
Fuck yeah BABA!
Just jerk off 24/7

&#x200B;

u know, so you don't ruin ur life
Like legit they were all saying that china would run it to the ground. Like bruh y tf would china want to devalue there second most valuable asset????
Cucked
Piss off
LMAO Cathie G is a killer nickname

&#x200B;

ARKG To THA MOON
Has AMD become a complete loser?
Buy the SQ and BABA dip
[deleted]
Why lol tho
Holy shit
Yes don’t laugh at me
[removed]
SAM fuck it
How long until PLTR’s first red dildo? I say around 6 am today
Yes we are. +2.7% pm making my dick swole
For anyone who’s not a retard, yes.  So I guess you can keep on not caring.
[deleted]
[removed]
[removed]
Like regardless of what they are speaking in the shit is so fucking cringe and a turnoff 

It just looks like a scumbag smile at this point
You gotta be smoking crack bruh baba up $30 in 2 days and GME lost 10% this week.
LOL
Psychedelics stocks, don't tell anyone
Ok lol, why? Is this us racism?
If the $ is pussy babyyyy
Little too far even for this sub buddyyy
You sell 24P? 😂
Were you on customs? 

And was I either: 1.) in some side room 

Or 2.) shooting you in the back while you were looting prone in a building
All the lads buy GME
Just take them in a dark room, you will be fine.
guess we're about to find out what happens when an unstoppable variant meets an immovable vaccine.
2020: The Final Showdown
[deleted]
how easy would PLTR puts at noon be
Seems like a good idea if it was done yesterday. Today can be a bit late
Let’s see
Yeah... unfortunately I think itll take a large event to set off a spike... which I still think is coming but guess we will see.
GNOG...first day out....
Pleas not please
[deleted]
So a good strain to have? Both baba put holders and GME call holders are rich now.
That’s my fav to do
I’m on hour 3 stay strong brother
Its a fruit company, just like Apple. And thats the only good thing about it.
Right? Wish I could watch all of them eat their shit from two days ago, but I don’t have infinity hours to do so
My life depends on it
Herbalife
Thinking about buying 10k Baba calls tomorrow 1dte.
Cathie G 🚀🚀🚀💦💦💦
[deleted]
We don’t like talking to retards
I'll give you one, too

And a GME share to boot
[deleted]
yes, by 27 virgins.
LPT
Nothing good this time. It's okay though this isn't my life savings
Nah they’re probably just weaker now I recommend taking the whole bottle for your next dose probably
Being able to do mental math is a critical skill when trading options.

I had the luck of having a job for 7 years where I was doing a ton of simple math all the time (programming). At the peak I was solving 3 digits/2 digits in a snap without knowing how. It's just familiarity with quantities. 

We are playing all kinds of strikes on different dates...find ways to practice.
We're all slaves to the $, stay woke.
Why would you be fucked?
I want artemide lamp
I’m looking at 10-20% OTM Jan calls, expecting a short term correction. Long term likely 40-55%
The $600 checks were announced to be going out starting Tuesday night, and over the next week.
If PLTR could just stay above 24 until January 15 that’d be great
She’s moving money into large, safe positions like TAK, Roche, Google. It is their way of going more cash
put em in the freezer
Are we mooning yet ARKG?
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/winojohari the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Aeron 🤤
My XPEV puts are fucked, RIP
Eoy taxes over- We gon fly tomorrow bruh 😎
did one of them not send u bobs and vagene or something
Bye 🚀🚀🚀🚀
fuck, my meds was under sunlight for like 30 - 60 mins. should I throw them away?
Okay I have 10k in baba calls and 5k in JD calls, am I fucked?
[deleted]
Down 50% on BYND calls expiring jan 15, dk how much longer to hold
5 years ? I got a credit card a few months after bk, lol
I tried using it but it's gibberish to me. Can you do a brief analysis of Nano-X Imaging Ltd (NNOX)?
[deleted]
[removed]
He'll get his heritage anyway lol
Bears are annoying please fly again
Haha yeah, everyone was waiting for 200 to pounce. 

It rarely happens whenever you have that many people on the sidelines. Still to cheap if you ask me and you can get leaps for 2023.
No spaghetti talks in here retards
Seems like the people calling my DD retarded are down -$50,000.
I sold calls when it pumped back to $27 from all EV hype pump when I should have just took the L on my shares.

Gonna be a long baghold for this one until they have something material to report
Are you the one who killed me?
No fap day **2** lets gooooooo
Everyone watchin Baba meanwhile Disney printin over here with PE of 60 and massive dis+ subscriber growth and unusual bull call activity yet again 👨‍💻🚀🤑
Sir, this is the BINGO room...  The Wendy’s drive thru casino is down the street
FCEL guh
No
GME calls you say?  So over half of WSB will be your subjects?
wheres my stimulus i want to buy a herman miller chair
Holy fuck boys I just had the best tarkov run I’ve ever had
Yay I get a snack later lol
Do girls need to be taught how to text message
That is correct. You are thinking about it to much though.
u/DeepFuckingValue
shares are never-ending call options with no premium
I'll sell a handful of GE 2/5 11.5c later on if you're interested.
Hey 🌈🐻!!!!!

Is Baba still a "dead cat"?
Whatever profit you’re comfortable with, you can sell at 10%, 50%, 20%, etc
not according to my retard analysis

https://i.imgur.com/xWuOWzi.jpg
Which it will. Look at its run yesterday. Also was up 5% Hong Kong markets.
school is whack
All in on the house of mouse eh? Where do you see it going in 2021? I have a position that has already done decently well and I am thinking of exiting at some point.
[deleted]
With all US big cap stocks at ATH, i wont be surprised if all big corps buying in baba at discount.
Hope the stock soars just so I know I helped fuck you in the ass
low volume
Do girls
I'm in that via fresh ARKG calls
Why? It’s accurate as fuck. 

Laughs in PLTR
that was probably the best one

"money printer go BRRRRR, BITCH!"
Bore some other website with your questions, like google
possible 10 baggers tomorrow? tryna cash in all my losses this year to make my gains tax free
Far dated as fck
Instead of baba shares imagine it was calls instead oh well green is green
Man remember when wsb went all in on AZN thinking the large cap will somehow go to $80 on the lancelet report?

Good times.
If JD hits $90 today I might ejaculate a little
Woahhhh no weyy
An annual return rate of 67.6% is good mate
I don't know...before yesterday, BABA took a shit on that proof for many weeks.
The DD is in the comments bruh
Yeah but his studio rent is $2000/month. His BMW M3 lease is at $600/month. Other expenses add up. Student loans. Etc. 
He probably needs at least $5,000 a month after tax to survive. He says his job pays only $600/day. Not that im counting, but it doesn’t add up. Maybe his parents help him out
I was planning to sell 100 shares had baba dipped below 200 and buy all 20k in leaps. But hindsight is 20/20. 😇
I love pump and dumps, it's a game of chicken with only one retard and it's always you.
[deleted]
Mvis wtfffff negative 10 to positive 5%
Didn't get mine yet.
Ur gay as fuck my guy
You are what’s wrong with straight men
BABA is legit proof that stonks only go up.
I’m doing research on a new strain of autism. I’d appreciate anyone holding BABA puts or GME calls to be my research subjects. Thanks ahead of time.
With the money from my covered calls I’m selling today I buy calls in....
Swear on everything I did. I have a credit union so I usually get stuff faster
to 21? 🤪🤪🤪>!😭😭😭!<
More like 250/255. It will surprise me if it climb higher than the pre-scrutiny price.
You gonna have any left to pay the taxes on gains bro?
sounded like a bum till i read dentist, prob realised the smallest amount of possible work he can do and live
Your all correct except that last part. SPAC have really special governing rules that stipulate if they don’t merge after 2 years from their initial IPO (of the SPAC) they have to give all the money back they raised. In this case the initial IPO was for $20 so OP purchase price minus  $20 is what they have to loose. I have no clue how the whole warrant side works or how you use it to your benefit
Puts to the moon*
The chocolate covered peanut bros. Huge ballers, shot callers.
[deleted]
Liar
Hyliion looking juicy about to bounce back up to 18 then back to 15
I bought leaps, 2023 20c
We got another day of xmas pump! 💪
This makes perfect sense hahaha
Never trust PM
Haha ts literally my strategy of averaging down whenever a stock gaps down bigly. 

I expected it'd take a while but I'm very pleased
Opened my account in February but didn't invest because saw everyone panicking over the market and thought that meant not to invest. Flash forward 9 months and I realize how fucking retarded I was/am.
[removed]
Calls
Maybe at open tomorrow
Well, I’m not sure about herself, but hope my arkk shares gonna age well
Cashed out yesterday. 5 bagger. Might buy back in if we get another fake and gay dip in am
Anyone else get their stimulus check 👀
[deleted]
U rly fucked that one up. Free mfing money
It presents the best / most premium, and I don't see it trading 50% over NAV ($30) in the next couple of weeks. Even if a deal is done, the holidays slow everything down. I've been selling the $30s for months without issue 😁
next week we’ll have 20 million dosages sitting on shelves
[deleted]
I used a 15% trailing stop on stock i bought one day and it triggered a day trade I wasn't expecting. Glad I had one available and I noticed it before I i made another trade and got pdt. They work fine though.
Yeah, BABA is also under my consideration. I sold a naked Put for now on BABA. I'm kinda torn between BABA and CRM.
Autism is the source of all tendies
Very nice, Thanks for the good read
Xi pls find Ma’s MAGA hat hidden in his basement
I wish i was as brave as you. 200 stock and 2.5k call bought at dip.
Reverse Guh. Nice.
Searching for Tyrone's cameo rn to get me through this
Proof or ban
LAZR getting it in!
Oh yeah- 245 in PM
[deleted]
[removed]
Hopefully my 1/15 650 is still near even so I can dump it for a 2/19 240/250 baba...
Well, drug-induced mania is always better than drug-induced psychosis. You'd much rather "feel" like you can fly, than "know" you can fly.
I like CRM and bought on the dip. Its a long term hold for me.
fuck yea brother
Nah the gov doesn’t care if the military fucks up shit in Iraq, if they fucked up something here that would be no bueno. And no matter how the vaccine is distributed there will always be bad press about some people getting it before others
how bout when the squeeze doesn't happen and it just gets moved out another day or another week
Secks on Cornhub
Oops, thanks for the kind hint.
[removed]
$BABA eoy targets? 260 viable?
Let’s get it!! 🤑
Literally that’s all people were talking about here on Monday. Dunno how you missed it

Edit: you literally wrote a post telling someone to buy the BABA dip on Monday... you didn’t miss it
Small cap with our retardation behind it? Good luck.
Buy the fucking dip
$BABA suddenly being a chad. 

Converting all my shares in to calls is my best decision for the month of december

  I've eliminated all losses and now I'm green bigly
CRSR fds
For those of you new to the channel...
jacked to the tits in gme puts.
Oh well I’m up 270k in tesla this year
At least get the ticker right
down -100k$ when being a gay bear
decided to stop being gay and climb up. now at -40k$
i'm retarded but u re gay + retarded
I legit feel sleepy already, still 5 hours b4 casino opens
The Russians?
i beg the chinese government to investigate BABA again so i can buy the dip i missed on monday 😔
Anyone that chooses to work 1 day a week and do what they enjoy are winning at life
It will. just flip your phone screen to unlock moon mode
I feel the sarcasm. Gg me
Homie a dentist working 1 day a week can easily afford to live like that, he could easily be pulling in at least 30-40k a year (if not more) just from work alone
yeah u fucked
Quite the paradox. The company itself would not do as well if it wasn’t in China. But the stock would do so much better if it wasn’t Chinese.
Factory Tea Bar? I’ll spot u with pltr gains
Vielleicht, perhaps or eventually
Yo there’s a fucked up smiley face next to your tendies bruh  (=
[removed]
Amazon is fake and gay imo
Hell nah, sus as fuck
Theyre only "overwhelmed" because they havent upped the ICU capacity to handle the surge. Only had 9 months to tackle this problem. Its all optics bruh.
Safe af
Problem isn’t manpower, it’s supply. Any shmoe can jab a needle in a shoulder cept we aren’t exactly drowning in vaccines.
prolly gonna selloff like everyday
[deleted]
PLTR
Is it time to buy $SQ
Probably just likes Schweizerkuchen very much
AMZN bulls where you at?
NO
PLTR pleas fly again
Exactly!
Position: 🌈🐻 short term, 👩‍🚀🚀🚀🚀 long term 🤑
I FOMOed in hard, make me feel better
We have to pay
LKNCY to the moon 🚀🚀🚀
[deleted]
Nah
We gonna be swimming in $ at open.
Do we trust these futures or nah?
Baba and JD looking thiccc in the premarket
They are.... Literally just drove by a site here in south florida
What’s sleep? 🚀🚀🚀
Shit thats all u had to say, buying $1000 c for 12/31
🚀🚀🚀🚀
I understand your concern about Chinese stocks. But Alibaba had half a trillion dollars revenue in 2020. Its a beast that is just gonna grow for the next decade to come.
It’s so easy to burn money in daytrades🔥
Fuck you paper handed puss
Remindme! 15th january
Still have 5 months, I would hold until its worthless.
How much
So weird.....
[deleted]
SQ is bleeding more?
Those are expiring worthless. So why would ppl bother closing it out?

Hence open interest remains high
Lmfao
nio gang doesn’t sleep
Raul doesn't sound like a schweizerischer Name though
[deleted]
Thanks 🥰
can we please NOT fade by open today, Cathie? I need big pussy energy from you today
I guess I don't see the correlation between you starting a new job and a check from the government you children will be paying back.
No homo autist
Lmfao yes
ARCT calls
sounds pretty good to me
Okay dude that's idiotic
what about leaps
$NWARF - unless you use robinhood
[deleted]
Sure buddy
No good you're an idiot
SPY $376 12/31 calls screwed?
He's gonna come out with Chess2
Seen some posts on here saying it was a pump and dump but idk. I have some shares cause I didnt want to risk it with calls. I think its a legit company, but their cars look like shit.
Realistically how many diff positions should you be holding every year day?
Checked my app and PLTR is 25 and going still? It was at $24 at close. Also NIO is doing good. Not so bad after all. Looks like PLTR and NIO are both trending up after hours.
That's some retarded as duck statement considering what the biz is about
I have a theory women become lesbians because their first sexual encounter was with a level 100 simp lord.
These legit look like Marty Mcfly's future shoes from back to the future part 2
Is this your account?
i like using RH for cost and looking up prices and watching, but i hate RH for long delays with txfrs and outages and find checking position balances much easier and intuitive with fidelity.
Shame that GME bears exist when they could be buying on the dip like the rest of us 🤷‍♂️
You've conveniently forgotten that semiconductors are going to power everything in the AI world
Doubt, she's gone from 215 to 243 in 2 days.
XPev premarket looking like it’s gonna guh my puts fml
There's no volume right now. Wait a few hours.
Let’s hope. I really hope WKHS wins the USPS bid because that’d be a huge catalyst for RMO
He’s in it for those sweet 0.8% dividends
I think I have the laziest friend ever. He only works one day a week. Lives in a studio apt. Only goes out for food/groceries once per day. Plays COD 6-8 hours a day. He’s 42 and a dentist. I don’t know how he survives-but I think he’s either selling drugs on the side or winning FDs and not mentioning it to me
They make shit ugly EVs.
Nah i got a buddy named Milton. Trevor is a much more sus name
Built different
Well you have time to get in for cheaper than you sold at least. I quadrupled down at 220 and now I'm back to even.
I love you guys
Futes fading I hope we open red. That just means we’ll be green eod
I wish I had known about shit like that back then, or did it now. Truth be told I play lotto or buy shares. I'm not trying to wheel or do anything else like that. I really think it's just as easy make 10% a week buying shares of high growth stocks. Start with 5k, end up with a million in 3 years. Clearly I like the lotto better though, tis the wsb way. I lose money for people like you. You're welcome.
I bought puts. 

You guys are welcome for the Green Day.
probably if i would Buy BABA now it would wipe me out like every other stock i touch😣
Accepted
Okay, as a former service member, I really mean nothing against the military. But after all these trainings and how much the country put into our budget and how much equipment, base X tents, etc, we have compared to the civilian counterparts. 

How come the military is just standing by, while hospitals are operating at max capacity, being overwhelmed? Like shouldn’t the military be doing something other than fire watch and mopping the bay? Can we not be trained to administer the 11 million vaccines just sitting on the shelves? Can’t we set up bases around the country to help with the capacity?

Like ... Isn’t the reserves or national guard trained for these types of situations? I’ve seen reservists in medical units just going to drill and filing paperwork. It’s ridiculous how useless the military looks in these types of situations.
I’d be impressed if anyone of those streamers show portfolio. 


Here’s a fun note. Literally showing portfolio would distinguish you from the fakers and gain you a following yet no one does. 

Just be reasonable deduction the people who don’t show it clearly don’t have the positions 🤨.
VIX has downward pressure built in. Lookup Contango
That was the righr move. But u should had bought the dip at 212.
NET back to 80 soon?
XL to the 🚀🚀🚀🚀
>DrunknPlayer

Bet, added.
But then I'd probably end up paying the same or maybe even more because of these increased interest rates even if prices drop :/
I hear if Robinhood finds out that you read Mike Bellfioroeo’s trading classic “one good trade” they take away your margin till you satisfy dollar store Steve Jobs.
Projection strong with you 

> -50k$ but still feel like winning
**BABABOOEY**
is Canoo a legit company or the next nikola? I have no idea what I bought haha
[removed]
wont pullback, the pullback was today i see it hitting high 30s-40s then take off to 100s
At least 250 lol
Honestly IDK Y the fuk I bought LI instead of XPEV or NIO 🤦🤦🤦
BABA
sorry boys, sold gme 12/31 calls and bought baba calls 10 min before market close, gotta get that bread back ill be back thooooo
[deleted]
Appl and chill
Tesla down premarket. That means ARKK opens red too
Just looked it up, and i’m kind of worried going the data route because i’ve always been pretty bad at math, and a lot of those data courses are very math heavy. I’m not completely brain dead when it comes to math, but in high school i got C’s and the like in that subject.
If u just pumped it at 9 u woulda been a genius. Alas...
2nd week of jan
[removed]
[**u/The\_Stock\_Guy**](https://www.reddit.com/user/The_Stock_Guy/) **modCheck ?**
Touche autist 🤦‍♂️
Weak hands can fuck off
I'll wait for $20 then get in.
Fucking BABA going up non-stop.
[deleted]
I have 25K to spend what do I get?
There’s got to be a lot of us in here holding some fat bags, I personally fell for all the BB hype and after falling for RKT this year as well I feel like a dumbass lol
paper handed foooool
small cap circuit breaker day 4 tomorrow
Sold at 255 before it dropped all the way to 220 and thought I was the smart one
Facts
Nice
BABA at 243.61 USD right now.
Am I retarded for buying the top of the top of shroom stonks? Down like 40% as we speak... Shares but still. took me a week to be down 40%
Wheres my GME BOYS at??? I know you're here cause if we were mooning youd all be spamming this chat up 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
I found the interview to be an amazingly accurate documentary on north korean pop culture phenomenon.
The only company I will refuse to buy into precisely because I *was* a customer, and have seen how shitty their customer service is.
another day of starting out green then bleeding fuckin red.  why do i waste my time looking at pre market
BABA YES BABY
I think you should instead buy some BABA
I felt I was destined for something gretaer
Looks like everyone’s done with GameStop.
[removed]
Why would you even sell for a loss?
Data probably got leaked. Contact support or something
Godspeed retard. Diamond hand through it and buy the dip
RMG ticker changes to RMO today. Look for a pull back but overall gains guys. Good luck to all
You know how many tards just tried this
He's back in CRSR, just look for his post.
Lol. Get a BBBY job application handy if you actually going to invest in this garbage.
Nice as soon as premarket opens you get BABA to dip. Shame!
[removed]
any concerns on a crash? I have a concern of a crash or at least a big correction, especially if especially if both dems win on Jan 5th bc the market doesn't want the tax breaks and regulation breaks to be taken away
Jack Ma Off
[deleted]
bears were coming out the woodwork AH 🤣🤣🤣
Holy shit, this guy needs a helmet and some boxing gloves put on. He's probably going to join r/CalamariRaceTeam soon for some more risk.

On a serious note though, it's beyond me how some people are willing to risk that much for nothing. Hopefully he gets somehow over it and pays it, but something tells me that he might do it again.
Now that everyone ditched PLTR. Stock is going to fucking moon
Hold your tongue and say jack ma
#PLTR  
  
In the last few days:  
**Pre-market**: *Joy*   
**Market Open**: *Ecstasy*     
**Market Hours**: *Despair*   
**After-market**: *Hope*   
  
Just gimme the moon!
[removed]
Who the fuck upvoted this? BAN!!
Wanna cashapp me since apparently I’ll be ded
Walmart is always hiring
🚀🚀🚀
cdxs to moon
i know but the thing is i am anticipating a possible market crash, especially if both dems win on Jan 5th bc the market doesn't want the tax breaks and regulation breaks to be taken away
[deleted]
Is the stonk market open tomorrow the whole day ?
As always baby
Sold BABA at a 70% loss and seeing it potentially go for 300 by 1/15 is one more thing I can’t handle rn./..&:)/!/)/$/
Cathie is the perfect example of someone that ages like fine wine 😏🍷
*old man yells at cloud*
Is it right time to load amc shares ? Or this one going below 2 ?
[removed]
The fuck
Trading frat
GME SULLA CAZZO DI LUNA🚀🚀🚀🌕
i have mvis $10 C options exp 5/2021. it just tanked again, should i hold or nah?
Can snap hit 60 please 🤑
Nah
BABA 😍😍😍😍😍
RMG i mean RMO is gonna be the next QS.
Bought AAPL 140 Jan Calls at the top of the market yesterday. My last Yolo before I retire... is this is it for me?
I'd be slightly wary of what you think is gonna happen at lockout not happening immediately. Could take a little time.
Yes but not if you have FDs
sauce or ban
They used to get bonds at 20% guaranteed to pay off their 10k house but I’m the degenerate
Yes drugs good
When do you think?
Pltr will be dumping at open 😜
Thank you BABA dip
MVIS bigly fucked.
Yes please
Somebody made a fucking Twitter with all of my info and is pretending to be me WHAT THE FUCK
Australia so different license but yeah, couple years of training with a few different licenses. I drive fuel road trains, mainly doubles which are 100 tonne. I live in a remote mining town so I get to see my girlfriend and that's about it. Haven't seen my family or city friends for 2 years now
My mistake to sell half of my baba shares and options. Still glad i have half
[removed]
VW went to $1k intraday on a 12.4% short interest. I can only imagine over 100% 😳
GME is pure trash

Bought calls
Got my dad to buy GME.🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Got 20k in shares and options. It's a win/win for me
[deleted]
yea
I see, I’m just a whore for RH’s nice colours then. After all I’m a retard so what do I know
Maybe better for stocks but I haven’t had major success using them with options yet
Max hardcore was quite the man in his day
BABA looking ripe. This is going to run
will ARKG recover to 105?
Vito how are you positioned if I may ask?
BABAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
https://squeezemetrics.com/monitor/dix
[deleted]
Are my BABA 230 12/31 Puts fucked or nah. I’ve been working on my 💎🖐🏻 recently
[deleted]
This one hits home, but I ain’t fucking going no where
Best of luck. Can't wait to see the -509k post.
So where or how do we get our warranty compensation from Robinhood. This sounds like a huge fuck you if you do t get them or if they don’t get them and liquidate them.
REEE.  LETS FUCKING GO. AUTISTS AND RETARDS TOGETHER. AS ONE  🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
This makes me happier about losing shit tons of money the past two days...ready for a mega green dildo mr Cohen give us one more of those 13Ds
Fuel road train deliverying diesel on an Iron Ore mine site. It's only a double but i can drive triple configurations
Dayum it actually is
Baba callssssss
Baba to the Moon 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
This
can we send lobbyists to dc
[deleted]
🐝 DA could come very soon
Doubling down on BABA shares and leaps last Thursday along with PDD and JD leaps was the best decision I've made this month.  
  
Leaps because China stocks have burned me in the past with sudden political statements outside of market hours.
it’s literally remembering to click one tiny drop down to cash.   it defaults to margin for all options.  once u make it a habit it’s not that hard to remember and if u mess up u can always close and reopen the position worst case
Selling my 225c at 10AM yesterday was the biggest mistake I've made this week. Of course its gonna hit 250 today, fuck.
gladly
One peek at my portfolio will prove that statement to be false
[removed]
aapl fucking to the moon let's go
If it wasn’t from China, it would already be.
What's GEX ? Vix ?
Herman Miller Embody or Steelcase Gesture. Both are flagship chair from the top 2 brand when it comes to office chairs.
What are the cases for growth for GME? As a consumer I just don’t get it.
Trying to figure out of they’re worth my time
NIO 🚀🚀🚀
You may know more than you think 🤔
[deleted]
I think it would have messed w my stonks too much during this volatile time. I only have a few so I do it manually w limit
I read this before I checked pre market and it brought a smile to my face. I knew BABA would be mooning pre market.
If u want
It's never enough. When you hit the seven fig club it isn't like everything stops. You start scrambling towards the next milestone. The mistakes you made as a poor sting way harder up here. Sizing and restraint are still important.
With GEX jumping like that, I feel selling calls is a bit safer in case of a sell off.
Concordo :) 🇪🇺🇮🇹
BABA can be a $1000 stock easily
Yah
I’m honestly considering buying brand new over used rn given how this retarded buying process is going
instead of buying the BABA dip on monday and making gains, i FOMOd GME and MARA and im ripped🙄🙄
Why do Americans talk so fucking retardedly holy shit
Why do I feel so obligated to argue with strangers online about topics I truly know nothing about
[deleted]
[deleted]
We lurk beneath the surface
GBP pence is worth more than a USD cent you red neck sack of shit
Lmao first time I found about who alibaba ceo was I was confused that it’s him
bello trovare gli italiani su wsb
It’s up premarket....hurts to see man.
Yeah when you ignore all the bad things, it's a great company
Bisch du en schwiizer?
Bullish. Once it's infeasible, people just ignore it and move on. Much like heart disease. Just keep eating the Twinkies. No one cares.
I bet you think you're so smart for sharing this lol. Btw don't use this nonsense as an "edge".
God I love China
Have you guys ever seen the interview with Jack Ma and Elon? Holy shit
1
/heroin
I swear if you uncultured swines upset Cathie again today I’m gonna buy moar ark.
iTs a ShELl cOmPanY. 
WinNie tHe PooH bAd mAn. 
YaHoo something something.
I had it . Sober 2 years from fentanyl
Depends on the stock. Mostly use limit orders
Baba 243
[deleted]
Who tryna get their Queen Gambited
Yes, I've been selling AMD CC since September. I own AMD at a cost basis of 81 and have milked an extra $550 by running covered calls (6% return). It's a nice stock to run CC. That's the reason I'm torn. In my other option, I am seeing CRM as kind of a buy and forget (like MSFT, WMT, KO) type of stock.
I've tried.  What's up
Legs day today RIP me
you re fucking retarded
The same can be said about BP...just look at the chart. It's not like it was at ATH's in mid February 2020. Since 2011, BP traded between $30-50. That's almost 10 years now of virtually no movement. That's because it is a textbook boomer stock. I would **never** recommend playing options on BP...people would just be asking to lose their money, no matter how start anything thinks they are.

If you're talking about just buying shares: I agree this is a 100% risk free trade. People will make, at the very least, 50% return on their money in 3-5 years. But, no one here, literally no one here, is looking for those kinds of returns in that time frame. You can safely make that on a 6 month out option play. Why tie up capital in BP for that much time? I'm already up close to 100% on the year (in 3 weeks it'll be a year since I started day trading). No chance I'm putting up $30-40K only to double that in 3-5 years.
Wsb etf would be lit wsb SPAC would be more lit
Yes that’s what I was trying to avoid, I fucked up yesterday.
I mean you can get it to do well people would contribute enough to make it worth billions. If it does well enough investment banks would throw billions into it. A hedge fund algorithmically based on posts and upvotes of Wall Street bets. 

It’s like investing in social media without having to worry about advertising budgets
186,000 open interest in $SLV 1/15/21 $35c 

🚀
Lmfao
Yep
Her legs are too untrained to hold a 1m drop of her own body weight. Fits weak hands perfectly 👌🏻
This is the way
AMD for the long run. That stock is doing nothing but going up in 2021
[deleted]
Guaranteed 3+ K/D with a Secret Labs chair.
Anyone here use trailing stops?
Who is mm? I only know the term market maker
Funny thing about Wells Fargo is that they were the ones that last got caught. All the banks are doing shady shit. WFC didn't get heavily involved in sub-prime lending and derivatives, so up until the fake account scandal they actually had the best reputation among the big banks. Reputation is fleeting though (see CD Project Red).
I’m leveraged to the tits in many $42,$41,$38,$35, and a couple $33 12/31 puts.... what do
Google transle this

Dui bu qi, Elon.
If you can buy in before 250 I don’t think is too late.
Be aware of PDT rule
Snap up 2.5% now?? 🤑
What’s your address
Imagine not being able to wait 2 minutes for pre-market you have too blow your load to market insider
Steelcase Leap V2
[deleted]
Just remember many même stocks were up 10% premarket yesterday and closed in red -9%......yea I know I m fun at parties👿
[removed]
People mentioning banned tickers getting yanked by the bot? Happened to me because someone was asking about the free stock we got on signup.
I like option 2 a lot more
Believe it or not once you accumulate enough capital, the tough part is keeping it.

Getting there is relatively "easy" in a bull market.
Fuck vaccine stonks
Its too late to jump on the BABA train?
I think its time to hedge with some Tesla puts
Playing with 1 million vs a small amt is very different psychologically
You goddamn animals are legends.
The BABA boys are back in (tendie) town!😎😎🤑🤑
Maybe you are referring to your trade settling? You can trade multiple times during the day while the market is open.
Humble bragging are we. Well I only need 1000% gains to see 100k
[deleted]
Maybe a tad bit more formal? I’m gonna browse the site
Why don't you keep selling amd calls?
It's not retarded, but you'll likely being waiting a few weeks on the sidelines. Getting headfaked is still bad as riding from the top.
Yes
[removed]
I wish i had your wisdom
BABA mooning again
Remember this DD. It will be legend.

[Vaccine boosters could be needed 153 days after second dose](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/klnxl1/vaccine_boosters_could_be_needed_153_days_after/?utm_source=reddit&utm_medium=usertext&utm_name=wallstreetbets&utm_content=t1_ghe3v9y)

Now, I have derived that mathematically using clinical evidence, but it also happens to be the opinion of the Israeli government. 

>“The conclusion as it stands now is that even if an effective vaccine is developed, it won’t eradicate the virus and it will be necessary to be vaccinated several times a year to avoid re-infection.” [[0]](https://www.theyeshivaworld.com/news/headlines-breaking-stories/1906190/dozens-of-israelis-diagnosed-with-covid-for-2nd-time-kupat-cholim-official-says.html)

Which is perfectly logical. A flu vaccine provides protection for *flu season*. Covid-19 season is the entire year. Youve fallen for a trap. Its not even close to logistically feasible.
It's like the steel gang pump.

Even the pump DD says but far out.

Some dumb fuck tossed 4k into weeklies and is sitting at -99%.

Ah well only 4k.
Good morning to you too.
Secret lab
[removed]
Can confirn WFC motto.
No fear
[removed]
2
[deleted]
If interest rates go back up, which they will. Then asset prices will come down. It’s just simple Econ really. The more expensive it is to borrow money the less someone is willing to pay. There could be a 5-10yr period where some people will not make any profit from just buying a home when they raise interest rates. Fed rates dictate all lending rates.
Nice!  I bought 46$ puts 12/31 at close just because this stock always opens down. This may be my new strat. I also have 46$ 12/31 calls that I'll hold and they will also probably print. Such a great swing trade stock
in your dreams!
If I had a mil I’d only need 10% gains to see $100k. Right now I’d need like 100% to see that same amount. The struggle is getting there
Open market
This isn’t google dumbfuck go figure it out
They rose up and died the same day
Vaccines only started in Ireland yesterday but the newest spike coincided with the run in to christmas.
[deleted]
is 🐝  THCB?
At 🥭's house he gives me 2k
Thanks lmao
That or run a discord with 12 subscribers
Sorry for being a retard, but...

For Day Trades on RH, do I have to wait a full 24 hours in between or is it simply from beginning of open market I can buy again if I sold during the day before?
Anyone still alive from clang gang?
[deleted]
So I have to buy this stock now right?
Oh it says .6% I thought it said 6%. I shit my pants for a second. Yeah that don’t mean shit but fuck xpev so good luck to ya.
I remember back in the day when Coke was pushing Coca Cola Black on Cramers show.  That coffee soda was trash back then.
I love the term balls deep. I'm cashing out of this as soon as I can.
[deleted]
bought mara at ATH on monday😔😔😔 but i will 🖐🏽💎
you guys aren't going to do shit just like when your trade blows right thru your stop loss
Wendys is right around the corner!
I dont touch puts, but good point.
I have 100 shares of AMD - so 9k right there. I have an additional 14k to throw in. I am torn between these two ideas -

1. Sell all AMD and buy 100 shares of CRM. CRM is down on its butt due to the Slack acquisition news, nothing's changed with its fundamentals.
2. Keep AMD and buy 100 shares of ARKK with that additional 14k.

Any thoughts?
And also trade in HK and Europe. That way you only sleep and wake up on weekends.
I've been down voting these fucks that come in here and pump steel over the weekend. They did it last weekend and a couple weeks back. 2-4 accounts. Ain't nobody want to fuck with steel right now.
Trading was better when I had no idea what I was doing
herman miller Aeron chair is up there
I’m balls deep in snap calls
Palantir and NIO to the moon 🚀
SQ and BABA gang wya? 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀
Sorry I don't get your lingo there what's flat on home values mean. And what interest rates, the home loans or the thing Powell said he wasn't gonna raise for a few years?
Herman Miller or some cheap ikea chair
If you've got an anus, you can make money.
[deleted]
Do you have to lose all your braincells first to comment on stock twits?
😏
BABA... GUHHHHH but in reverse✊🏽😬💦
At least
China up bigly, India sideways flatly, Europe flat to dumpy
IMHO it will go much higher than $35, but you can exit whenever you want. Before I will decide anything I'm waiting for Cohen's big move.

And a friendly reminder - I'm an internet stranger, don't trust me, make your own decisions.
Best desk chair? Like one with some proper cushion?
Just build a house retard.
[deleted]
mind med $MMEDF
Why would he? If he's successful eitherway the money doesn't make much difference. He certaintly has a lot of money now, so would having the $200 million now really do anything? If you're gonna be rich either way you might as well sacrifice some wealth when you get old to enjoy an amazing lifestyle while you're young.
Damn, I feel bad for that guy, he does not get laid enough to get injured.
What is up with all these accounts around here deleting their own comments within minutes of posting?  Seeing this a lot lately around here. Check out u/Constant_job9694 for instance. These accounts are getting incredibly common lately.  Mods need to start picking up on this and banning these accounts imo
If he asks for your password dont give it to him! He's a nigerian options "trader"
Just trade futures, that way, you don't have to wake up at 4am because you'll already be up from the previous Sunday.
whats baba fair value? 500?
Dude it’s going to go up you just can’t bet the house o. It going up in 5 days or bust trust me I have and lost many times
https://markets.businessinsider.com/stocks/nio-stock
Hahahaha
After yesterday’s fake out, I don’t trust these futures.
They’re at an all time low because of patents expiring. They dodged the March drop but are now at an all time low. If there was any time to speculatively buy, it would be now I guess.
[deleted]
This isn't personal.

If all 1.7 million people of this sub, stood around pointing their small peepees at each other, we wouldn't be able to sort through for the genuine helicoptering bull/bear cocks we want to see.

The sub has minimums.  Read the posting guidelines and don't be bitter about it.
Market insider. Voodoo Pre premarket price
[deleted]
Yes...skim game must be strong when dealing with Stock Moe.  I haven’t watched a full SM video from beginning to end in many moons.
Gme pump lasts til April atleast
[removed]
Sure. Do you have a relative you can borrow $200 from?
Ok 100$ ?

Cool 

How many inches of pp can u fit in your anus ?

Answer his carefully u might even get 200$
So bad man
I lost 2000 today :/
Hey, I get that reference.
Is that even legal? Sounds like something jpow won’t let happen
Nice username
What you talk about. I’m balls deep in nio what website you say. Give me or me cry.
[deleted]
[deleted]
“I ain’t no commie or liberal bitch but $600 simply isn’t enough socialism for me.”
I’d sleep like a baby if I owned stocks. Stop being a pussy and lever up with FDs.
[deleted]
At 350$
This party just getting started !!! Just w8 M8’s
Damn it’s genetic
https://youtu.be/cZUcBaeV0Y4
Aye we in this shit !
best i can do is 600. and i am taking a big risk here
Nio down ~.6% on that voodoo website, confirmation bias that my XPev puts will print today
NQ breakout of ascending wedge LEGOOOI
Stonks back in EZ mode ?
Puts. Look at phizer and biontix after approval
[deleted]
Ok what do you check then
Hit that JEWWWWCYYY like button!!!
I will be messaging you in 6 months on [**2021-06-30 08:45:51 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2021-06-30%2008:45:51%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://np.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kmxqrh/part_1_bull_case_for_bp_industry_trends/ghheyzh/?context=3)

[**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fkmxqrh%2Fpart_1_bull_case_for_bp_industry_trends%2Fghheyzh%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202021-06-30%2008%3A45%3A51%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%20kmxqrh)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|
[deleted]
pajama traders just keep on pumping

Kinda gay
what if it keeps dipping and you run out of cash?
I got the 90s after the 100s, now realizing that I probably should have aimed higher on a lot of the strikes.
[deleted]
THAT MAKES SO MUCH SENSE
Do you think it’s gonna go lil ip before hitting rock bottom??
Can someone just help me make 100$
?
Y
Even Mang Gang hates that fuck now
NIO, not close
[deleted]
[deleted]
I fucking love this guy . Spirit animal right here
Do you mean the dollar is still stronger than the Euro?
Lololol right dude
If it smells rank that's the accumulated dried out cum.
Given that new oil exploration is expected to fall dramatically, I'm not sure if Halliburton would be a smart play. In fact, it's been falling since before COVID hit.

In any case, the UK is on its way to vaccinating its vulnerable population over the next 2 - 3 months. With Brexit sorted, there is substantial upside potential to BP over the next few months.

Also, it's not just about absolute returns, it's about risk-adjusted returns. If you have a risk-free play that generates positive alpha, you could generate infinite returns risk-free by leveraging your positions.
🥵🩸🤮

😶🥱😪🤗😌😇🤩
Just bought 30 more shares @18. It aint make me rich, but its a beginnig 
GME to the 🌒🚀


50$GME @20
Buy NIO or Magnite right now?
IF U DONT wake up at 4:00 am everyday with fear and panic then U DONT OWN ENOUGH STOCK !!! 😏
2k?
[deleted]
aw crap mine is in march
[deleted]
Imagine bears
Gay. I don't care how enjoyable my life is I wanna leave something behind. I love the idea of achieving such a success that I leave behind an epic story of overcoming odds and achieving that success. The story loses all it's merit if it's someone who was already born into it. It's all about a legacy, I shiver at the thought of dying and having nobody remember who I was some fifty years later. I want to be a fucking legend in the history books and have the entire world know my name, that sounds way better than having a "chill" life. I don't care how painful my life is so long as I leave something behind, that is all that matters. Millions of humans have been born, lived meaningless lives whether they enjoyed them or not, and died only to be forgotten by everyone else. Fuck that shit about "making your own meaning" in life, no I want to be THE MEANING OF LIFE. What are my odds? Less than .000001% so it definitely ain't gonna happen, but if I ever had the opportunity to have this I'd take it no matter how high the costs are. I'm honestly glad I was born into a family of meth heads, I actually have egotistical day dreams of people saying "Wow look at how far you've came!" that stuff gets a lot of sympathy from the common people, it's a good story. Coming from a rich family? No, boring, unrelatable, not a good legacy.
# puts on this threads comment volume
I'm from Ireland? And there's 0 correlations being made by anyone about vaccines and second strains except for your comment lol
I know, I was fucking with QQQ puts yesterday and there were six cent spreads and I was like wtf is this bs.
AstraZeneca just got their vaccine approved in England about an hour ago from this post [https://twitter.com/DHSCgovuk/status/1344176399821758465](https://twitter.com/DHSCgovuk/status/1344176399821758465)Stonks? $AZN
If this is accurate I'm going to start jerking off now.


https://markets.businessinsider.com/stocks/snap-stock
What do we think about ARKK 165c feb 19. 

I went way OTM and regret it
Looks crazy on the 1 min chart but pull out to the daily chart and it looks like nothing.
Anytime :)
Chinese XPEV die today 🐻 🌈
It was a show match
idiot
[deleted]
Ahah right
Terrible. Worst site ever. Never use it. Here’s a good one. http://www.b2wblog.com/big-black-cock-available-in-dc/
Ok that's all the confirmation bias I needed, thank you, you kind sir
Yes it’s just like Ireland
Beetkoin pulling back a bit.
No, just smell it
Did you ask that bitch siri to give you a bj?
[removed]
The Bacon King with Lettuce Tomato (if made fresh) is the best bacon burger from a fast food place I've had.
[deleted]
You'll probably enjoy half of that
Remember when that shit used to get banned?  We need to bring that back. If your loss isn't less than 4 figures fuck off
Futuresss
But we’re doing FD’s here aren’t we
Guy's a total market mover with his minions on here...
I’m telling y’all, we need to get Elon behind this, VW had Porsche, if we get Elon to put a down payment for 9.98% of GME we’d be golden. ELON IF YOU LURK HERE, HELP OUR AUTISTIC ASSES OUT
Same guy that made benches hell to sit on. He had a hard on for fucking over the homeless. Hostile design or someshit
Retarded. You miss the rallies and wait for a dip that’s smaller than the rally. And when it dips you might just eat shit as it keeps dipping.
[removed]
Then you continue to hold till green I guess
Well that's weird. One of those is lying. My bet is on DXY because it's crap. Everyone knows it's dropping under $80 soon.
📈
It sounds incredible but it's true. Doing nothing you consider worthwhile will fuck with your head after a while. Feeling like a useful member of society is in our genes.
Then lick it
Gotta mix it up
Which series is this?
What’s the worst? Heard it’s Nevada but that shit’s blue
It did seem like an easy win around mid November.... now all I can say is this rocket better finish refueling soon. 

My calls are pretty much dead unless it blasts off like today
Behind my ears
[deleted]
Pre market isn't open yet though. What makes you say that
Just my ass crack and ball sweat
LOL that anyone would know
VIX futures dropping so he'll probably be fine.
Unironically time in market > timing the market. The run-up on those stocks makes more money then they lost in the dip afterwards
How accurate is this website for morning prices?

https://markets.businessinsider.com/stocks/snap-stock
Big money in meme stocks is not cutting losses. If anything they’re harvesting gains against other losses. 

But a pull back on hard to price assets is normal
Here you go you degenerate:

https://markets.businessinsider.com/stocks/baba-stock
Ohhh that’s what they mean by that on their website.. thanks mate makes sense now
"is TSLA a buy?"

"69x Potential"
It's leverage you moron.
So this.
It was not a small part and that's disingenuous of you to say that. If you're going to say that, then say Joseph Smith himself was a small part of Mormonism. See where that leaves you. The LDS church only practiced it for a short time because it was illegal in the States and they wanted to be a state. It was a big f'n deal in the mid to late-ish 1800's, which means it was from its inception.

By the way, what is the deal with gold plates and Missouri? I mean, what was wrong with the Bible where Smith decided it needed a fictitious reboot? I don't give a crap. I'm just genuinely curious. It makes zero sense. 

As far as Scots-Irish, Welsh and Muslims, you got that from Wikipedia. Do you have another source? That's not to say it didn't happen but.... Polygamy was an essential part of early Mormonism. It was an insignificant part of American culture, if that.
[FUCK MITCH ALL MY HOMIES HATE MITCH](https://i.ibb.co/zG1L4dc/e5f88075b2e8.png)

^^^this ^^^has ^^^been ^^^an ^^^accessibility ^^^service ^^^from ^^^your ^^^friendly ^^^neighborhood ^^^bot
It isntn't* Stripe
$6/hour in 1980 is equivalent to about $18/hour today. That’s all you need to know right there.

Edit: add healthcare and college costs, lol.
# holy fuck bears anally gapped
Your statement is a load of shit
yeah
180D chart full of Shrek cocks, I say 250 sideways for a bit, if I had to guess.
Fuck Mitch, all my homies hate Mitch
Does anyone else think that people are momentarily cashing out of meme stocks and parking their money into blue chip stocks to cut their losses for taxes reasons?

I'm scared for my feb and march 26c pltr calls
[deleted]
Well you buy when it goes up 30% and then sell when it goes down 20%. Then you get scared and fomo back in when it goes up 30% and sell when it goes down 20%. Rinse and repeat 😎
This shit is ass but we’ll be okay. Diamond hands
Are elves real?
Kentucky has the 2nd worst education system in the country.
I Know...I thought abt the shenanigans of 2020 and IPOC merging with Colver health might end up being a good trade...people trade with their emotions nowadays...but i am sure it will play me wrong...🙂
You guys have a symbiotic relationship, without one the other would die
i am the senate
Do you guys see SPY/AAPL opening high again then just sliding? I’m hoping it will be one of those days where we just keep inching higher
Does anyone else smell their bellybutton?
The first ones always free. If you have the inverse, you’re getting rich soon bud🚀🚀
1 hour later.. am going in again.
Where do u find that?
[deleted]
Conservative culture can die. Fuck BOOMERS
Whatever.  I'm in 6850 shares, and they can be the Jedi Retards Club if it makes me tendies.
What’s the status of AAPL?
Is AAPL NIO partnership real deal???
Yes and mara. Although mara is doing much worse than riot recently for some reaaon
How do you buy high and sell low on a stock like RIOT? It literally goes up 30% in a day
The stock isn’t going up for its current business model as you see it
Same here, happy new year
Republican voters are literally holding back the entire human race.
Works til it doesn’t. But seriously, it would probably work.
Only a little retarded. Good luck timing it
There was an article a year or two back about some ~~retard~~ gullible idiot that spent $200k on some near useless *undergrad* degree from Northeastern. Poor sap started a GoFundMe, complaining about how she couldn't afford to move out of her parent's house.

I'm a Millennial so I completely get how much it sucks to be told "GO TO COLLEGE!" all the time growing up, only to have incomes stay the same for 20 years while rent skyrockets, but what kind of "college experience" is worth that much undischargeable debt?
How long till stabilization you think?
I keep buying high and selling low :(
It is. Until you make profit and then they want you to buy them a nice ring.
Bulls are also brown too 🤷🏻‍♂️
If you think the stock has been mooning because of foot traffic your lost
*Bears lol
Guy is that a weekly?
>	Jan 15 22

Ok that’s decent 

>	**21**

Hold up...
Dxy moon futures moon
The yolo posts are 💯🤣
Wait, are we supposed to research before buying?
Papa John's will get to 5nm before Intel (with their dough thickness).
"The $2,000 stimmy will come down to if Democrats will agree to repeal section 230 and investigate voter fraud.

To me investigating any voter fraud should be welcomed. I highly doubt if any is found it would be enough to overturn the election but I think as Americans we should want this to ensure our elections are safe. I’m sure there will be pushback but I personally do not see any negative in this."

This is literally in the OP you fucking retard
I think I learned how to play RIOT. Buy a shit ton of shares when it’s down 10%. Wait for it go 30% literally the next day or the day after then repeat. I’m literally making so much money doing this. Now if I had skill I would time this with options
Yes!! This is awesome
Ok guys is it retarded that I wanna go full cash gang and wait for days like yesterday and leverage buy every fucking dip make 20+% rinse repeat. 

4 times and I double up? Idk does it sound retarded
Try Data Science. Plenty of tutorials online. It’s a good fields. All companies have large amounts of data they want to extract insights. Also, visualization and reports.  If you’re good at this, you won’t get outsourced :)
Are you trying to dress like a 🌈 🐻?
Anyone know a Bloomberg Mirror?
PLUG
Makes a lot of sense actually, thanks
Sry I‘m retarded
yes. you need some contrast on your outfit
Ok zoomer
[removed]
Is NO the next move,
[deleted]
[deleted]
you had me at  obbishness.   🚀🚀  🚀🚀  🚀🚀  🚀🚀  🚀🚀  🚀🚀  🚀🚀  🚀🚀  🚀🚀
[deleted]
No, it doesn't matter. ETFs trade at a slight premium or discount to the NAV on a day to day basis. Currently like 0.06% difference for ARKK. I guess if net inflows are positive for a fund that they have more cash available to buy versus being forced to sell early if there was a run on the fund to sell. But doesn't matter in this case.
[deleted]
Don’t sell unless you have a play that you know can make you at least 17%
Fuck Mitch McConnell
Get down to your local wendys dumpster and get to work.
Bet 50k on black
Look around. My generation works its ass off for what the prior generations got for sitting on their asses. Especially job security, promotions and housing
Yeah man. These houses are selling in less than a week! 

This house went on sale 1 day ago and already has offers this high with it being in this condition. 

I just don’t want to get fucked when all of this goes back to normal. So hard rn tho
[deleted]
No results :(
Exactly, not sure what he’s scared about
Pay attention to interest rates. Tbh some people are gonna be flat on home values eventually.
Where at?  Living out in the country makes for much cheaper housing.  I can’t get door dash or grub hub but my mortgage on a 3k square foot house is lower than most folks rent.
[removed]
[removed]
Sorry, can you help me understand this? 

He bought 11381 shares which cost him around $300k.

He sold 113 calls at $30 price and received $1.37X100 per call. So he received around $15.5k. 

If the stock price goes over $30 then he has to sell his shares at $30. Meaning he nets around $55k.

If the shares go under $30 then he doesn’t need to sell his shares and keeps the $15.5k from the sold calls, but he can still lose a lot of money from the stocks losing value. How is his max loss $60k? How is his max gain the moon? I’m guessing i read the image wrong
Is that Peter Buffet? the son that makes some really dope ambient music? 

His listens in spotify are also barely over 90k.
PT $40
Lol
They don't. They liquidate it for you from what I read. Someone contacted them already regarding PSTH.
I would switch it to may or august. The earnings 2/8 or something like that and you could get fucked by theta. The companies great. The contract expiration is just a little too close imo
AMZN LEAPS
why’d they all go down
[deleted]
Financial Gurus in YouTube are the new insta models 😆
[deleted]
🚀🚀🚀
BABA
So you are saying that we need coal hands?

🧱👏🏻
I lost $15k yesterday and that was with proper hedging.
BABA
You wrote a novel on how to spot a pump and dump. How much did you lose? Couldve said all that in a sentence.
What’s wrong with him seriously?
Yup
It’s almost 28 what are u talkin ab
Lies. It’s higher then morning and about to hit $28K
244.86 atm
Very good point. Not my smartest WSB post. Ya win some ya lose some.
$50k from how much
[deleted]
Which company is still doing business?

That's what I thought, Billy.
[removed]
Oh no, it's back to where it was 3 hours ago
Google “how options work for retarts”
1/23 $8c here
God bless you
Be sure to record it and show us when it happens
Anyone else in RIOT?
Not even sun can scorch roaches. They will survive in nuclear holocaust.
The Boys on $AMZN
At least I post my losses and gains on WSB unlike you who just posts shitty memes
I’m in the business. Keep trying. You’ll get one eventually. Have to be quick right now though.
Instagram, OnlyFans, Fiverr, TikTok, or YouTube financial guru.
I'm buying 108 market open. Gotta get some warrants!
Your gains track how much of the premium you will have earned if you were to buy to close that covered call.
[deleted]
Sure do bud
No, you
SPY options trade with the tightest fucking spreads, it’s kinda sexy if I’m being honest.
I feel you
Eh not really🤣
so you bought shares worth 300k?
Only to see America integrate fascism right under their noses..

Operation paperclip anyone?
because if you want to close the position you have to pay to buy it back, it’s in your account as a liability. if the call goes down $20 that’s $20 of your premium you received you get to keep
RIP in pieces
Buy shares. You'll get 2 warrants for every 9 shares you buy. You can sell the warrants or exercise them at $23.

If you have multiples of 100, you can sell covered calls on the shares for income.
BABA about to wipe out my Christmas debt.
Should’ve taken what you could before 11am on Monday (had to do the same for my 1/15 25c and 26.5c bought in August).

Been learning about the jpm/cme manipulation the hard way. Best to play long dated calls, they let the price run at the start of the month to suck you in, but beat the price down month end to kill those calls.

Money printing has become less of a catalyst since the summer, but the USD tanking now should start affecting GLD and SLV. But still, mind the manipulation and take profit when you can, rolling forward to the next month.
Yeah if trials didn’t exist the timelines would correlate.
90c 2/19 is good.
💯
You don’t have gains, it’s tracking the price of the call you sold. When the call loses money that counts as a percentage gain for you, with the hopes that it eventually expires worthless
When the Hong Kong market opened in 1850, they opened one day before the US market. So technically they're ahead
>🚀

 🚀  🚀  🚀  🚀  🚀  🚀  🚀  🚀  🚀  🚀  🚀 to the moooooon
I aspire to be as retarded as you
some big investment fund that is known for being involved with their investments purchased a large share of intel and told them to get their fucking shit together. i guess this makes people think they will bother to get their shit together. that's the reason it mooned.
I stand corrected, they had 1-3 stock split in 2017. Still with the geopolitical tensions between AUS, IN, US vs CN & RU, the 130 target isn’t all that impossible
Before you would type it and it would pop up in the suggestions
B.T_C just got raped
[deleted]
Lol
Now kith!
Me too friend
Orale
[deleted]
I am forever THICC 🐝gang
I have 24 hours to make 50k or they will break my legs and possible rape me.
[deleted]
OK boomer
I’m reading these comments and see people are losing hundreds of dollars..... did wsb become r/antstreetbets
Carbon fiber everything
Who called their dad in here
[removed]
When the fuck are prices gonna drop so my recently employed as can afford one???
Same... And I used margin :(((((((((((
Not to mention Reaganomics, Citizens United, and exportation of labor to cheaper cost of labor countries (india, thailand, china, etc)
boomers will be known as the worst generation
Si vedono chiaramente le scritte in Italiano hahah. Si, c'è tastyworks per le opzioni o IBKR. Io uso sia trading 212 che quella della banca San Paolo intesa.
How we do over here
[deleted]
You really think today was the first day the new strain appeared in the US 🤣🤣🤣
Yeah, Idk cream/Tan for sure. Was just looking for an excuse to get new pants. 🤷🏻‍♂️
GME to the moon! 🍾🚀🌚 don't get dinged too hard on those CND to USD conversion fees, beaver fucker!
I'm liking some of these beaten down stonks like PLTR, NET, NVTA. But I don't know if they are done dropping.
[removed]
Getting butt fucked on those PLTR puts I sold.
Because there's been over a 100 years of separation between the ban and today. If you see some of my other comments of mine on this topic, I didn't let them off the hook entirely. But the rank and file Mormon wants nothing to do with them. That's a fact.
🐝 gang you better not have panic sold today

Merge or bust 😤
Fuck market closed on Friday again. Long ass weekend
I'm down nearly 30% on my portfolio, I had to unload my margin bag- but I'm ready to make make it back to orbit.
Can someone explained how I have daily gains from a Covered call? I collected my premium but the call has +\- changes daily. I thought the maximum gain from a covered call was just the premium?
[removed]
I recommend end of year puts
I’m just making a statement that is interesting to me and that the timelines correlate
Imagine each generation after is less educated, less willing to work, and more entitled.

No fucken competition. These people after the 60’s decided getting fucked up was more important and fun than making a killing. And now we’re here. An entire generation addicted to instant funsies and hates work. 

Just look at the dipshit lottery ticket soon to expire options these children lose everything on. They want the gains but aren’t even willing to WAIT. They don’t even have to fucken work for the stock to go up. They just need to put money in and walk the fuck away, but they can’t even do that.
First day? Futs green, VIX down has led to __BULLS R FUK__ for the past few days
Yeah those cannot be worn with brown pants
BABA on a moon mission 🚀
It’s embarrassing having Random’s see how little money u have (relatively speaking), but even more embarrassing gettin caught caring about said randos opinions...
🤌🏻
Never said anything about buying, it’s still a yolo
Anyone ever see this "mad money" show with this guy james creamer? He is informative and handsome.
Only thing is I think the HK market started the sell off as the news broke about the anti trust investigation there. The US market followed in that regard. All I know is that it is good news that their is still bullish sentiment on Baba going into tomorrow
So does the supply/demand of people buying ARK even matters? Isn’t it the performance of the stocks ARK owns? I’m retarded please help
"this stock could 3x next year?!"

Eat cock
pleas fly again
?
more than ever
Genius.
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [En Vogue - My Lovin&#39; (Yo](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JIuYQ_4TcXg) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JIuYQ_4TcXg)⠀►►⠀ 2:45 / 4:08 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
Well I play it In bursts. 

I don’t really have much time to play during college so it’s nice just to veg out and game during this winter break. 

I also love playing the souls games
checking in
ya $2.04 / share finna hit on new years eve
Big facts
/woosh
Twitter and FB don't produce media. The BBC and Fox and CNN all have websites that have users posting content. Section 230 applies there as well.

I think you have a fundamental misunderstanding of the situation, or you are just trying to argue for the sake of arguing.
*Bank account notification 

Wooo must be stimmy time 

-NSF overdraw fee $25 

F
Alexa play My Lovin by En Vogue
[removed]
We rise united
Yea right people don’t vaccinate their kids for fucking measles and there was an outbreak in Washington. Covid is here to stay 

COVD calls $600 3/30
Bro I’m gonna link the shoes. It’s not what you think. No I didn’t pay that list price on this website, just has better pictures then the actual site for some reason.

[Shoes](https://www.grailed.com/listings/18202419-custom-high-rollers-777)
Brilliant.

\-NOTE: this is not financial advice, i'm not a licenced financial advisor

\-Talk 29 min about fuck-all, then get to the point

\-Advertise the same stocks over and over again

\-Earn actually more money on YT than with investing
Their parents went to war and defeated history's greatest monster so i can understand why they came home fucked like rabbits and raised spoiled little cunt children.
Yeah. There's no way this goes on forever.
You can only sell naked, not buy naked. But yes the loss potential would be unlimited
Ok
I’m being stupid about the services stuff. But Apple is killing it on execution right now. The M1 launch was flawless. iPad to iPad Pro transition striking real fear in MSFT. Consumers can’t get enough of their shit.
Well you have different patrol areas you can go through. The best part of the games are the raids.

I think you can still download the game for free so you can try it out and then buy the expansion if you want to. 

The expansion has all the cool weapons and armor in it though like
This dude is losing money on options before the market even opens. Respect
This isn't the delectable type of skin. Trust me on that
Enough
A therapist
Yeah Ik. I do a lot of construction work so it’s cool.

BUT, the house should be heavily discounted in this condition. NOT selling fucking $15,000 over asking. 

This shit pissin me tf off

Pay $15k extra to do my own mold removal?? Out of ur mind
PLTR
Yeah. I noticed calls are out of wack compared to stock prices around that time. Stock price moves but calls don’t
To share holders? Because I would very much like some
Mold growing and offers above asking price. Sounds like some tards to me
make it 99 or 108
Yes
Question is whether baba will reach its level before the last big dip
Planitar y u do dis

Lambo soon pleas
you looking at the 1 hr macd? 😂
Mitch the bitch
fucked me first 
Now we switch
One of these days VALE will do something
As someone else has already said - this kind of question is for r/options, where people actually think about what they are doing in order to make a profit.

What kind of things can you say here you might ask? 

PLTR & GME TO DA FK1N MOON FK 🏳️‍🌈🐻💦💦💦💦💦💦.  🍆😩💦💦
Buying power ?
Just buy $AMD, makes all the consoles and pc gamer parts.
Somebody elde bid more
Got 1k to drop on calls at open. What should I buy?
Futures don't mean shit
Let us know when you become a crocodile.
Are you suggesting that the vaccines are the cause of the new covid strain?
Just tell them you are long UPS.
Fucking yikes
 We still pumping gme and pltr even after a full month of meme-ing for a < 1% gain on gme and 12.5% loss on pltr for that whole time?
Shares
No
What’s your current balance tard
That's pretty amazing when premarket isn't even opened yet.
Does the 100 ever stop feeling like a teen soap opera?
[Knives Out w/ Prime](https://www.amazon.com/Knives-Out-UHD-Ana-Armas/dp/B081X8G4BY/ref=sr_1_1?crid=1WUCZ0B1EZDNP&dchild=1&keywords=murder+mystery+movies&qid=1609316583&s=instant-video&sprefix=murder+mys%2Cinstant-video%2C231&sr=1-1)
Bro i already told you about the Retardation tax, remember? You asked if it had happened to me as well, and I explained that it hadn't because I'm not retaded.
$OPEN 🤫
Yes stupid RH glitch that’s why I’m switching
All that means is you have to fix a leak and rip out drywall.
Dark on Netflix just turn the language to English.
Down 6 k on all time, what’s a solid play to get tendies
This is the most rage inducing thing I’ve ever seen bro. 

WHO are these retards!? HOW DO THEY HAVE SO MUCH MONEY TO LIGHT ON FIRE!?
pltr psth and net calls how we looking
He knows what's up, hope you got a seat ;)
Trailing. Following US market imo.
- when it’s at $13 years from now
Definitely
We can loudly talk about the stock market as if we know what we’re talking about!
McBought. $36M net worth 

https://i.imgur.com/szCSyhS.jpg
If you want to be a dandy about it, burgundy and navy are better.
It was Mitch
Doubtful it'll ever go public
Play a game that's actually rewarding though, same reason I put down RD2 and Animal Crossing.

Absolutely disrespects your time. 

D2 isn't even fun bro but you do you
F*g
Naked calls are parallel to a stock short in a sense, and the loss potential is technically unlimited too. I appreciate your wisdom though buffett
Ples fly again
Yes
It’s a popularity contest.  And whoever is hot today can be trash tomorrow and then hot again the next day.  None of this shit is based on anything more than the aggregate madness of individual Brownian motion and stampede dynamics.
It only takes one collapse
[deleted]
COVID strain found in UK two weeks after vaccines start now showing up in US two weeks after vaccines start...
[deleted]
Fuck China and any shitbag corrupt company ADR. Dont support a bunch of communist fucks.
okay then i’m sold. it’s free world and side missions and stuff?
[deleted]
Elon needs to team up with Cathie and finish building us them arks!
I don't really pay tax anyway so i will just take the loss next year, still holding out for georgia senate race - if Dems win there's a small chance silver could pop to at least break-even point... infinity spending and green spending etc. are all big for silver.
Futures are green, VIX is down, idk what y'all are complaining about
That actually sounds fun but I'll just bring my. Phone and get a medium regular
[deleted]
Glitch
Is it just me or are boomers awful people who ruined our planet, stole our jobs, heaped up debt on the younger generations, taking their benefits and leaving before the check is due
Fuck yeah, you are!
fuckin google it. Type 420 Eur / hkd/ aud / Rubles / spacebucks /whatever the fuck to USD. then the magic robots tell you the answer. Thinking about buying puts on $GOOGL since apparently people don't know it exists anymore.
[deleted]
🙏🙏OUR FATHER🙏🙏
who art in heaven 😇
hallowed be thy yolo 🍾
thy tendies come 🐔
thy will be done 💎🙌
on earth, as it is on the moon 🚀🚀🚀
Oh ok gotcha. So this is pretty bullish for Baba tomorrow in American markets?
So that a****** blocked giving us our own money? Yet these dumbass c**** give hundreds of millions of dollars of my tax dollars overseas to b******* gender studies programs and building roads.
Whoah buddy! Someone lost money today!
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** They hate us cause they anus

**URL:** https://redd.it/kmwzc3
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=kmwzc3) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/zeus2095, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
quiveringmass
LizardSupremacist
Yes. 

I been grinding with my old highschool homie for the past week lol
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
Apparently it only goes away at the end of the following trading day. There is a good piece about it on Wall street daily:

"The SSR restricts short-sales on a stock that has declined in price by 10 percent or more from the previous day’s close.

Once triggered, the SSR remains in effect until the end of the following trading day. The rule applies to all equity securities whether traded on an exchange or over the counter."

The way I understand the situation now it: at some point yesterday (29/12)  it dropped by 10% from 28/12 close, which triggered the SSR, and it would remain in effect until the end of trading day today (30/12).
Never seen someone use "GCs" when referring to graphics cards, I always see "GPU." I had to think what GCs meant in this context for a second lol
The government literally does this....🤡🤡🤡
Watch europoors dump it and we get big red tomorrow to buy up calls cheaply
That was today my king.
ARKG is back down to depths of the horrible abyss, prices not seen since...checks notes... 12 days ago.
Trying to buy a house right now is fucking ridiculous. 

3 offers over asking price (already above market value) and there’s mold growing in the bathroom ceiling above the shower. 

#THE FUCK?

Do with this DD what you will
Does 4 and 5 cross platform? Dang still can’t find available ps5 for me lol
Yeah no problem man, glad I could help.
OZARK and the 100 on Netflix
Does anyone know why my call could go down $200 at 10 pm
This is the fuckin problem. Too many meme Stocks now.
JD and Baba are mooning tomorrow. At least 5 to 6%. Both stock are majorily up in Honk Kong markets.
2012
Now roll it all into GME
Yeah, I was kidding. They are shares of the exact same company. HK shares exchange 8:1 compared to US shares. Also a currency conversion. 

If you take the HK price and multiply by 1.032 you’ll get the US equivalent
Orange goes well
The Devil Next Door, docu series about a retired Cleveland mechanic in the 80s who may or may not have been an infamous concentration camp guard named Ivan the Terrible, lots of twists and turns, good shit
I did... it was looking pretty good then.
Kentucky fucks listen to AM radio all day so they have pill popping Limaugh on their boomboxes all day saying democrats are going to eat their babies.
Blockbuster could have been netflix smart guy.
While I do go to shady places, I never said no shit like that
Just switch to /ES. Use tick charts.
PS5, used to play on da PS4
No.
Hanging on by a thread but haven’t accepted any losses just yet
I don't want anyone to know my face when I'm finished with this shit.
Right thanks for wasting my time huge retard asshole
Nice Guys, its a hilarious detective movie with Russell Crowe and Ryan Gosling
What console ?
We’re like roaches. Unless the sun scorches us, we’ll keep on living.
Memes run the world
Gangs of london or banshee
The first repair is gonna cost more than the car.  If that's okay with you, just do it.
Big if true
If you buy it at $75 and it drops to $55, what call will you sell then? Maybe a $65? And if it goes against you back to $75, then what?
Ackman gonna announce before december....
Hopefully another big red day tomorrow so I can buy up all da bullshit.
Yes
[removed]
Perhaps the gentleman would be more comfortable at one of our lower limit tables?

r/smallstreetbets -->

(Read the posting guidelines before you go.)
I've made ~~some~~ many retarded investments. However, only with cash I had and didn't need for you know food and shelter. Borrowing money to invest when you're not an expert is just crazy.
A myth
Say hi to Jacob wohl!
All of the above.
Man I wish I didn’t have to work.
Little noise until the 5th of January settles in
His lego Death Star
Who actually watches this shit?

edit from reading the comments, apparently a lot of you guys

fuck
If you wanna be a gay bear degenerate at least do it right and short Intel.

It fucking mooned over 5% yesterday for no reason what so ever. On top of that, its future is pretty much anal gape from the chad AMD
There’s no talking sense into them, just enjoy the loss porn 

Pltr 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Peak retardation Jesus fucking Christ
cause your wife's bf is an Engine?
I already can’t walk anymore cuz of the ass fucking. I might as well die if it’s red today 😇
Regular time
Added at low yesterday
Well, probably not too far from $25. Shorts might push it down further. I would buy either at market close on Thursday or market open on Monday. Normally weekends and Mondays are bullish.
No it would look whack. Just concerned that brown/tan/pink might match to much with nothing to break up it
“It’s up 3% pre market” 

-bag holders in may
Umm.... r/Lostredditors ?
ARKG green dildo incoming
I’d never seen the rest of that comic
I don’t believe you
 [9988-HK: 235.60 13.60 (+6.1261%) – Stock Price, Quote and News - CNBC](https://www.cnbc.com/quotes/?symbol=9988-HK)  take a look at this and add the comparison of the American stock. Looks very similar.
This is almost the bottom. Anything more will recover quick anyways
Night manager Tom Hiddleston kills this shit (prime)
Sherlock bbc Benedict (netflix)
Broadchurch Netflix only watch season 1&3 szn 2 is pure shit
DES with David tenant holy shit this stuff is amazing 
Sons of anarchy Netflix
Sopranos Netflix 
Breaking bad Netflix 
Teen wolf prime szn 1-3 pretty good
[deleted]
Like a market collapse? Or the US? Or civilization as we know it?
What time does the market close on Thursday
not stealing money is screwing people? Ok. Let someone take all your money out your account and leave an IOU and see how you react.
While this is wsb and i should just call you a retard and move on, the short answer is markets are forward looking. Often times the stock price of a company will rally very heavily for a week prior to the earnings report because the market expects stellar earnings. If the earnings report is good but not the incredible blowout the market priced in, the share price will drop. 

Basically when you see some companies fly after earnings it means the market was too pessimistic on the company.
When a stock falls after good earnings, the market was too optimistic.

Holding through earnings is one of the easiest ways to lose guaranteed money you made during the hype run up. Assuming you buy 2+ weeks out before earnings reports and no major catalysts provide additional insight into the upcoming report.
Source?
Good luck being you guy. You fucken need it.
“Sorry grandma. I lost your boyfriend’s retirement money.”
I'm not giving advice!  Please.

I'm actually already out of IPOC, even though many are still positive about it.
Shits been red for 3 days how much more red you need ? 😂😂😂
[removed]
[deleted]
[deleted]
Yeah, where did that analogy get you? Learn when to hold and when to fold. Risk management ensures survival.
2030
I know I shouldn't be telling you retards this but financial videos have a cpm/ money per thousand viewers of $10 - $50. Most gamers / vloggers make about $2.4 per 1000 viewers.
Big mouth on Netflix, the boys on prime
>	Collapse is imminent

Yeah. If you say this everyday one day you’ll be right
[deleted]
Seems fake as fuck
"Damn man you bought PLTR at $25?!?!?"

\-New traders years from now
I would say a lot like it borderlands. 

Getting all the different exotic weapons is so much fun
7
This is the way
In 2023?
Sounds pretty basic
You shouldn’t be. I’ll probably be losing my entire portfolio anyways
[deleted]
ANAL [Rupture]
I would add: no replies from the OP.
True. I forgot about that Jew and his filibuster. Btw i voted and donated 5 to his campaign.
spotlight on netflix. Oscar 2016
At least give some tickers so ppl know what to hate you for
I'm jelly.
$29 will coke, but your options will expire before that happens. Sell now to lock in the tax loss.
Calls on, rope
What color shoe *would* you wear with brown pants? Black? That can’t be right
is it like borderlands ?
Netflix end of the world 2020 I think is the name
WTF is this? Yeah, oil is going to go up long term but who tf cares here? Sure, if you invest $30K right now into BP it'll turn into about $100K in about 5 years. No one here wants to wait that long.

Also, there are more intriguing oil plays than BP which moves like a boomer stock (and will continue to move like a boomer stock). HAL is a much better option. HAL $20C 1/20/2023 will net you 60-200% returns in less time than 5 years...and it's a much safer bet than similar BP options which are less likely to print.
What is the best play on PSTH
I mean I throughly enjoy the game. It’s better if you have a friend to play the strikes, raid,crucibles, and shit.
Idk, just trying to think about wtf I can wear with these shoes I got OTW
I am just concerned about paying my wife’s tuitin fees and paying off my credit card debts.
I sure hope so. Lost 25k since I bought is this legal for an etf?
Collapse is imminent. Prepare.
I don't think you understand the use of naked, that'd be a short position. Then again this is wsb so I'm not surprised
Positions or ban.
[deleted]
not if you're a Bear or a Park Ranger.
Bro it’s the pandemic. 

I don’t got anything else to do lol.
dont post shit if you arent including your position
[deleted]
NyQuil is winning. See y’all at Market open. 

If it opens. Some Bane type character could be  hijacking the market tomorrow. 
2020 ain’t over.
Buying calls for FCEL. Look at the MACD, it's about to take off 🚀
I haven't been up this early in months, must be a sign. 🚀🚀🚀
That game is designed to suck as much of your time as possible, completely disrespectful. 

Have some self love and put it down
wizard not the wand brother
Banks overnight processing still in force. 
!remindme 6 hours
TLDR, bought more purple mattress
Yes
You can wash a losing security but cannot buy it back for 30 days. You can immediately buy back winners. Dipshit
Go back to bed old man. Stick to Ford and IBM stocks
Im just wondering if it's normal people getting overexcited or hedge funds trying to bleed us out
What part of “I don’t game anymore” do you not under not understand dipshit?

Fuck it’s not that you’re dumb, you’re just plain stupid. 

Good luck getting my hands on something I’ll never even want to buy. Yippee
Hopefully all of Nio’s cars drive themselves. Lord knows their consumers can’t drive for shit.
Idk about vix because i haven’t looked into it much, but the price drop for tesla was pretty obvious. Idk how much of a prediction it was when too many expected that to happen
I think you are in the right ballpark, but wrong target. It's definitely the run down Quiznos by the mall. You know the one. Where that crackhead that looked like Cramer OD'd. Right next to that Asian Massage parlor that definitely won't rub your rocket.
Err.. maybe they want to reposition their portfolio for the end of the month, but don't want to be taxed yet?
i haven't looked at any metrics but i predict $FB (via IG) and OnlyFans will kill them long-term.
Why not buy weekly puts on open then and make money on the dump that happens every time?
LOL imagine stopping long enough for someone running across the freeway to carjack you, what a maroon
Call me a boomer but there are way too many memes on WSB these days

I remember when meme captioned videos were like a treat popping up covering crazy shit like ironyman and analfarmer, and now it’s just a bunch of low effort PLTR GME karmawhoring

The occasional one is funny but give it a rest
[deleted]
Is NET gang still alive?
cause they are retarded.
Less than one
for the last post i was too busy handling your wife, ill just downvote this one
[removed]
Can I substitute that for an audi r8 white/black accent v10?
Is it weird to wear brown shoes with brown pants?
never played either destiny but always seemed interesting
First thing imma do tomorrow is walk into a cool little hipster coffee shop with my north face back pack. I’ll then proceed to order a black coffee that the barista is gonna pour in my yeti cup. I’ll pull my MacBook covered in outdoors themed stickers and a Jayhawks sticker covering the Apple logo out of my backpack. AirPods are gonna be in my ears blasting CNBC radio. I’m gonna be staring at stock charts.
Def still a chance of another 10-20% sell off in my positions like they all did in September. I’m aware
WSB GME warplay has my sword, 4k shares hodled until it climbs to 420.69
Lambo's gotta be an obnoxious neon colour... Yellow, orange, green. I have got all 3^(remote control cars).
Yellow
No im not retarded
All I say is good luck to you man. You’ll need a lot of it
This comment is funny as fuck.
Yo I see the limit sell order 🏳️‍🌈🐻 this shit not stopping till we go to $120 🚀🚀🚀🚀
I mean if you’re an old destiny fan, the game is great. 

The raid is not that bad for LFG
Need options on this bitch
When you tell her you trade stocks, but didn't pick her up in Tesla. She thinks you are a loser.

Girls don't care about the story, they just want winners.
[deleted]
PLTR needs to be red PM for it to moon
um what? netflix was a success from the start and isnt a 20 y/o company... wtf you talking about?
arkk went down because they paid a special dividend
Ez, just don’t wake up and you will be in the green permanently
I'm buying a Camry. Spend the dif  on AAPL calls.
!RemindMe January 15,2021
What does that matter? What stonks have the barbarians forced her to buy?
i went to the lambo dealer yesterday and fell in love with the grey huracan evo
Doubt it
Hang Seng is fucking nutting right now. Surprised more love isn’t shooting into the US markets.
The changes will take a while, but the squeeze wouldn't, because it would be too risky for the shorts to hold to find out if the company is going to shit.   If Cohen came in tomorrow and said he wanted the company, it would probably immediately trigger the squeeze.  Usually short squeezes are initiated by one or two pieces of good news.
No but I was hoping I could, and I clearly can't
When futures are red, the candle’s just even bigger. Or maybe I just suck at this
i was looking at it today in the store. is it worth getting?
The point is that user created content should not be big business. If its mom and pop messageboards running on subscription fees noone will bother to sue. It will only kill mega businesses which run on advertizing and mining user data.
Has it ever happened to you
Maybe 30 next week. Too many calls at the 30 strike this week. As we get closer to 30 people have to make a choice to get out of the calls expiring soon or yolo. Most people will take a small gain or at least cut their losses as the share price moves toward 30. This profit taking will put pressure on the stock making it harder to get to 30. Look up how market makers try to stay net neutral to understand this further.
How the fuck did Mitch the Bitch get 57.8% of the votes in Kentucky?

57.8% of Kentuckians are 🌈🐻
Brother(bulls)! You crusade is over!
Just trade futures. I'm gonna do it cos it's always fkn green
I wake up at 6:29. Give myself 1 minute to analyze the entire market
hope they all get purged, wsb has turned into a cesspool
BAN
This guy is super retarded.
Shut up football head
Me 9/23/20 when KMX Q3 earnings came out and my account got murdered
distribution point? lol people just buy crap off amazon.
So Cathy controls the markets day to day? Most their positions are set. It's up to the market to move on it's own.
Liar, where are you seeing that
Yellow aventador.

I don’t respect the huracan or urus. Go big or go home.
Hello darkness, my old friend
I agree but I went to Florida This year (from Jacksonville) and it sucks dick seeing how big a pussy the PNW is haha. Theirs a huge problem when people need a vaccine to feel safe about something basic immune system knowledge can effectively fight.
been in this since $11
Red futures = green open
Apparently, he has a [6 figure income](https://www.reddit.com/r/tax/comments/kgd6u2/am_i_going_to_be_in_big_trouble_did_i_break_the/ghh3air/?context=10000). No need to feel bad for this guy.
It won't
Yeah your an idiot. Logitech superlight is the best mouse on the market period. Good luck getting your hands on 1 for retail
Fine, its a billboard in a town full of gay sluts. And the victim is not from the town, nor a gay slut.
this is option trading right?
Retardation tax
Lul. Get a load of this rookie
Nah uh!
L
FB and Twitter can declare themselves Media and Section 230 will no longer apply to them. BBC has a comments section but as they are a declared media company they have no Section 230 protection. But FB and Twitter will not do that as they live off controversy.
Thread is ded, hopefully everyone is just busy counting tendies
Dude. Cash out. If you are still bullish on this shit, buy a lower strike price $25-$30,  and give yourself more time (march/april expirations). You will pay more and have fewer contracts but at least they wont be as retarded as the shit you are holding now.
That’s sweet. Now I don’t have to look at my wife do her makeup on at home before leaving to her boyfriend’s crib.
Don’t be solitary egg bro Stocktwits is just an app switch away my guy
And why would it be the bottom? It's not went down that much. 2 more days of this.
Mitch is literally rotting away before our eyes n somehow still making decisions that screw over millions of people
My god iPhone didn’t autocorrect that for me. Puts on AAPL
Everything Peaky Blinders does well, Meerkat Manor did better
No, you
 Not Vanguard.
Donated a lot of my gains to warnock and ossof’s campaign. You want to see the 2k stimmy? This is the best chance we have at it, a blue senate, blue house and blue executive. There would also probably be many more stimmy after it too if dems controlled all
June :)
> I was hoping it would be the 4th to give a few days before theta destroyed me. Oh well. Positions:

> SNOW 300p Jan 8th

So roll out your positions to further out dates...?
But hoes are lit they’re always down for fun activities 😭
[deleted]
Lol I hate you guys so much. I said no bulls allowed to read my last post and they downvoted it so much it disappeared. 😂😂😂😂
How does my call go down $200 I’m value at 10pm!?
This can’t be right. Morning Show was the only thing anyone was talking about in 2020.
If only natural selection would work in Kentucky 😅
Every fucking time. Futures up bigly, I go to bed, wake up to a giant red candle being shoved down my throat. What gives
[deleted]
Mitch the kinda guy who does that
*8/7.75
it's Orgrimmar you filthy casual...long bois are the lambos of WoW
Then I ain’t black!
It doesnt matter cos hes still going to try
Destiny 2 is so addicting. 

I can play this shit all day and not get bored
Hi there. This wasn’t even a sell-off yet 😈
!RemindMe 15 days
Well you see my friend if you had anything that was close to realistic they were up 100-300% loool
NO
Silver
No model preference, but maybe a nice sky blue for paint
Robinhood sells fractional shares, FYI, when your bonus comes in.
Wow the autism is surreal
[deleted]
Because the stock has only been available to retail investors since the 18th of December, and sir Jack alot shilled it, meaning the highest chance is that sir jackalot + others they took profit after the first peak. In my opinion that is
You're literally describing their winning business model. They have been a darling of the retail equity sphere not because of their penny pinching but because of their growth. I know their stores stuck, I was just in one they are horrible so I agree with you on that point but they are growing!

You brought up K-Mart in another comment. K-Mart had direct competitors that were much better that's why they were doomed. They were not doing anything that Wal-Mart and others weren't doing better. Dollar General doesn't need to up its game because no one else sells $1 electrical tape, prenancy tests or Hallmark cards @ 2 for $1. Not even Family Dollar or other so called Dollar Stores have the unique products Dollar General has for $1. The recent population push back to suburbia only helps their growth trajectory even more.

You also brought up Chick-Fil-A. Again, Dollar General isn't trying to be Chick-Fil-A, they are trying to be McDonalds, who also has atrocious employee turnover and $160B market cap. It's a feature, not a bug.
Obnoxious neon color or pretentious pearl white
Shares will recover. You’re invested in the future.
Ha no
Better to buy post earnings dips
You’re probably right, but I’m going to be out at bars and taking flights having a good fucking time. Giving up one year was plenty, I ain’t sacrificing another.
Urus in dark green
Looks like he would’ve been going to the House, so GA still matters for the senate elections. I’m not sure how they’ll pick his House replacement though
Witness!!
Hope you have April or later
Who tf shorts a small mooning pharma company?  I am as gay as they come and punching the air for not shorting pfizer last month but idk who tf wants to risk a company fucktupling in an afternoon
Welcome retard
Nop, I am colombian and I can pay with Alipay in Europe, I have done it, few places allow Alipay but the ones they have, you can use it. Bloomberg news last year told the story, also they are the fastest growing.
I want a lotus. Lambs are too macho.
Someone give me money to put into gme my bank account is -$105 and all I dream about are lambos
Cathy is being raided and conquered by barbarians and they have only just begun to rape and pillage.
thank you btw i really do appreciate it man
With a calculator
Oh nooooo the great sky person hath forsaken usssss 😩😥🤣
[deleted]
You’re an idiot. Know what theta is?
looking into it rn. researching all the topics they have so i can hopefully find the right one before i go ahead and pick something i’m gonna dedicate a few years of my life to it.
I wake up right at 7:30
Ull bounce back bro
Yeah I dont understand most of the words but he used 🚀🚀🚀🚀 so he has a point I guess
If yesterday wasn’t the bottom of the meme stock/tech dip, I am bigly fucked

Positions? I’ve somehow found myself like 95% ARKG shares and calls and TAN/FAN stock. Witness Me
And other things I tell myself to make my 30c expiring eow not expire worthless
Did someone say \[Thunderfury, Blessed Blade of the Windseeker\]???
*Louisiana*

Natural selection really does work, huh?
Businesses in my hometown that were 30 year old staples closing permanently. Fucking retard governor in California.
Nice. We don’t have to wear mask and social distance anymore after a couple of months. Ima go travel
Sup bby
[removed]
Mmmm.... GME... 


😩💦💦💦
Lol. That’s what I was getting to. It’s difficult so sometimes I sleep in longer, like yesterday.
Baba 350
True autist right here
If republicans die what does that mean for their seat in the senate? Does this mean Georgia matters less?
can confirm, have lost a lot of money from PLTR
They cured hep C a few years back and make one of the main meds to fight covid, my small hospital has spent 500k on it in 4 months
True true
Facts 😂
[deleted]
You’re either drunk or.. you have baba 400c’s lmfaoo they printed today
Basically unrelated, that’s just BABA’s food delivery business
Rooting for you!
I absolutely convinced that stonks that get memed the fuck out are the way to go
Charcoal gray Murcielago 6 speed
buy high and 🖐🏽💎
How do you calculate that?
There's a flaw in your logic.

The billionaires money is already theirs to begin with.

The $2000 to Americas isn't their money, you are writing them a check on borrowed money.

Maybe you can say it's the same, but many of those Americans getting the check didn't even pay $2000 in taxes.
Everything counts, start selling $96c
How the fuck do you manage to wake up at 6am
 #Ultra Tism
Premarket looks green today too 😡🥲
What fucking truck
>745i

No, most luxury cars are meant for leasing, they're actually shit long term, you will spend tons of money on repairs and rentals after a few years.
Yes
"Oh good earnings? So earnings from here on out will suck in comparison? Yep pull the plug."

&#x200B;

Sorry OP, you got played.
Meh the lasting psychological effects the media has caused  on the majority of this brainless pop will last at least half a decade
[removed]
Bears weak like an old woman’s bones

Bulls strong like the Fed’s balance sheet
Jesus fucking Christ it really is $28,000
You must have bough in August and have been holding ever since.
Fucking same, bought 2 measly $300c leaps JAN 2022. Fucking stupid me IDK what the fuck I was thinking. Stupid bears got in my head
Iridescent or purple
ARKK gotta be deep green tomorrow? Cathy can’t let us down three days in a row, right?
Plenty of pump and dumps in the penny stock world. Pennies generally don't care what the market is doing. Craziest rally this year and plenty of penny stocks stayed as penny stocks.
[deleted]
Zug zug.
Give it a few more weeks 😈
ACB
Imagine they IPO and announce a month later opening on Sundays.
weirdo lmao
I could care less about a dollar a pound
Correct.
If PLTR doesn’t dump in the AM you know we’re going to 30
there will probably be a marginal amount of people protesting and not a whole lot else tbh. I really doubt anyone is going to let him cause more of a disgrace if things start getting out of hand
The quid pro quo was that you wont be punished for your users speech as you dont interfere with it. As soon as you interfere with your users speech you are no longer a platform, you are a publisher in which case what you are letting through is a conscious decision and you can then be held liable for your users speech. You lose the immunity if you take sides or editorialize.
[deleted]
I couldn’t agree more with you guys. I don’t trust people who haven’t blown up their account atleast once.
This is the way
can I ask you what your prediction for PLTR will be at Thursday close
Berkshire Hathaway
What model/color lambo yall dreaming bout?
[deleted]
But it’s a 7 series and you can pull sooo many unattractive chicks with nasty souls...
Yeah, it’s crazy how easy it is. It’s exactly like the housing bubble where people were just stating their income and assets with no verification.
Are you on the west coast
It’s about the equivalent of 244 on the US stock.
Except on this case everyone knows it’s a prank. While if you’ve an account on grindr you’re there to bang
[deleted]
Truth
Degiro :)
Tu cosa usi? Come hai capito che sono italiano?
Non vedo l'ora che piattaforme come Robinhood o TdAmeritrade o Webull arrivino in Italia per tradate opzioni USA... Esistono piattaforme che lo consentano in Europa che tu sappia?
Thanks Wyrdmake, appreciate your time on the reply dox. Would love to contribute by selling higher but I'm on HatchInvest which doesn't allow me to sell more than $39 per share.
Yes
Bruh this is a hot snow falls up market, get with the times.  Losing money, balls deep in debt, no news, already up 70% this month =  Moon.  Solid undervalued company, good earnings, boomer strength = tank.
Durr durr I am mad, and everyone is retarded but meee - u/Pizza_Bagel
Aye !
[removed]
This is exactly what happened.  It’s basically exactly 10% from open to the 18.5x.  That said, it stopped rather abruptly so that would have to mean that there was a lot of short action right? Otherwise if it was just a bunch of paper hands it would have kept going.  Just my 2 cents.
Last day for tax sell-offs was the 29th (it takes two days to settle). Now we're all aboard for the moon.
just bought 10 more AAPL shares
You're cheap af
[deleted]
Huh? Nobody even buys their phones anymore. It’s all about Apple TV+, AppleCare, App Store, Apple Fitness+.
Why are you like this :( :(
i think pacb sleeping giant ark keep on bying
i don't know tho....a lot of the breaks large corporations were getting were coming from the repubs...if dems get everything then for sure the breaks for corps and the wealthy will get weakened....might be a massive dip on the 5th....
lung or kidney or both, there was a news that a guy need double transplant after covid, you can get all all sort of thing after covid beside loss of tastebud.
Catch these hands on chess.com DrunknPlayer
Dump the 2k into deep OTM ARKG calls and have Cathy buy you a lambo afterwards
I gathered all that tonight via individual discussions while everyone else was talking about jizz.
Well it sure as in hell didnt today due to IV crush, even though the stock price went up....
No fking way
Hell no
Hitting rock bottom really clears your mind.
Bear in shambo 

Bull in lambo
You bought calls today? Should be good then! Bought them a few weeks ago then I’m sorry bud. 

Everyone said not to buy weeklies or even monthlies
Yeah it's not great. Hopefully the red subsides soon.
ohh I see, don't worry bro I gotcha, once I get my bonus imma all in on PLTR 🚀🚀
Fuck you cuck
I bought stock at $25 and at $45. Like I said my DD is based on the fact that I know how our market is doing right now we had a 5 month ban on door to door sales in nj as well as in california for a lot of the year due to covid. These are the two biggest markets in residential solar. imagine your compamy was essentially shut down half the year but still increased revenue 30%. When things are back to normal youll be scratching your heads as to why their revenues have gone up exponentially
Msft 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Name should be bad advice
I'm in this is the best info I've seen in a while here
[deleted]
Extra bullshits have to deal with. That’s why RH is superior👑
Remind me in 5 years when holographic imagines are coming out of your phone weirdo
Lol aren’t you the guy who got blown out on a wrong silver call last week ?
I slept longer yesterday and it was a great decision as I didn’t buy calls at the top. I’m thinking of going the same today but pretty sure we will moon bigly 🌙 and I will miss the rally...
[deleted]
Keep your 🌈🐻 comments to yourself. $PLTR TO THE MOON. 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Imagine if they discover the vaccine is only effective for 3 months or something
BABA 243 in Ogrimmar
Then, I am buying IPOC...🙂
Aapl or riot bro
It’s safe to assume you can’t get autism from the vaccine if you already have it
Give me $35 SLV by 1/15/21
Don’t listen to this cuck
Let us know if you become a zombie
I am new to stocks. And I’ve been trying to find information on CRSR. I get that it is dipping from the price it used to be at, but is there something in the news that missed about it to make everyone buy it? Or is it a risk taking thing?
I unironically believe you need to have a catastrophic fuck-up at some point to learn how to actually trade. You gotta learn the upper bound of your limits
Thank you fellow autist💪
[removed]
if you can do all the mainenance yourself and the engine is somewhat good still. go for it.
When did I say NIO was a bad stock? You were just disregarding BABA cuz of something that probably won’t even matter
BABA up 6% in Hong Kong. How closely does that correlate to how it trades here?
😂😂😂😂
Market Maker
None, don t buy European firms. Just USA
baba black sheep giving out them sweet tendies
Worth some FDs
[deleted]
Got my first dose of the Pfizer vaccine today, came with a tiny ass little sticker saying that I got my covid-19 vaccination. Went to the grocery store afterward, no less than 4 strangers asked me about it. Vaccines are bitchin, going to be living life again soon.
Some retard mentioned GILD and now I can’t keep my mind off it? Anyone got some DD or is this autist just spreading rumors? 1/15/21
So his step grandpa? He’s fucked.
Well this will age like milk
B L O K, K O I N, B L C N
Market Maker, i.e. the big bois with the cash to influence (read: set) prices.
i am and its rough. its just so bad.
Yeah it really depends. OP was on margin as well so that was extra stink he had to deal with. If you plan to own 100 shares of that ticker anyway there’s no harm. After that, run covered calls. Rinse and repeat.
I am enjoying my 30s as much as my 20's. More $$ = more fun stuff and less stress overall
i did mine 5 years ago so i dont know the "en vogue" bootcamps, mine folded years ago because of poor placement

just google around, make some calls and such.  trust me, it can work out, and they are pretty risk free.  my friend is in [https://www.thinkful.com/](https://www.thinkful.com/) right now, seems okay.  there are probably better ones
Weird to have rh people be the only ones that *can* trade a stonk.
No
Che piattaforma stai usando?
Several people under 18 has died from Covid already I think.
Any one get the stim check yet
Can’t be on the bid price but can be on the ask price
Patsy.
I still have HMNY in mine. Only lost $1000 so it doesn’t make sense for me to write it off as a loss until I acquire $3k, if I ever do. Plus they could still get bought out
Should roll them out a week or two for potential deliveries miss on China ev chip shortage
Do you pump and dump at the same time?
The majority of the subs are people who followed when we hit /r/all and then forgot we existed
This sub < anything else you can do with your time
Real Carlos from YTV Canada? Real punchable face
Bro... I didn't even know CarMax still existed.
Same thing happened with NKE. Yolo jump on BBBY
The max pain metric is usually tied to OI at that moment and not total volume sold to date. I typically look at volume charts for peaks as a more useful metric.
MT calls!!
Yeah good take good take. From my experience, Once you are in bed with a women, and you talk from your heart about your feelings honestly.  Women usually take the “female role” of bein emotionally supporting and all that.    You have people saying it’s easy to talk to women and their ego is out the roof. Idc who you are, navigating the communicative ropes of the social jungle is NOT easy.  Especially out of a community or organizational environment.
Or PLTR! 🚀🚀🚀
[deleted]
Sir, your car is only worth 5 shares of Tesla.
Elon Musk
Good earnings= buy puts. Gotta stay one step ahead
Anyone in U E C? Looking like a quality trade to go long rn
I think I’m gonna pass
Appreciate it.. I'm in all 3 names
scapegoat

he lives in his mom's basement ffs

high frequency bots still exist to this day

milking gains from every market participant
See you on the other side, ride or die🤘💎
[deleted]
KO. No other answers goodluck lol
Election is done. 🥭 is just sore loser, he wants to leave as he didn’t lose. That’s all his egotistical tactics. Pence already accepted 

https://thehill.com/homenews/administration/532036-pence-refused-to-sign-on-to-plan-to-overturn-election-lawyers-say
Yes. Gonna buy more actually. Thanks for asking.
Cheers, hope you’re back soon
[deleted]
Good job!
An autist has to eat
Less spent on meat means more buying power.
I have a MS in CS from  VT. I tell you it's totally worth it. Plus if you are a US citizen, you will make 130K in 6-7 years after your graduation.  Fcuk, If I were a US citizen I'd have made 200K easily.  Bootcamps will not teach you the theory behind OS, Algos, Graphics etc.  Heck, my MS degree was literally free as I had a RA/GA plus 1.5K stipend in the unversity town of Blacksburg. Good luck my bro.
Losing large amounts of money has made me a better trader. My mind is solid as a rock now. I operate with that post-nut clarity 24/7.
I hope you have 18000 of them 😘
Can the news anchor slowly strip while reading the recap?
[deleted]
which etf?
Where?
I wish
Their revenues are up a bit, but their stock is up a lot. Based on what you just said, it could take them a decade to start making profits and we dont know how the solar panel business could change by then. 

Also, it is possible for a good company to have an overvalued stock price. I'm guessing you have bought any stock or options after it hit $40.

Edit: Holy shit, you bought at $45, did you check at all if thats a good price point, if the fundamentals justify the valuation
I saw the word tontine and I’m sold. 100 shares tomorrow
The good ones are wireless but comes with a cord that charges it and also gives it the hard-lined speed if you really need it
[deleted]
Thanks that tsla bull was right on the money
**Trade Ideas From WSB Nightly**


**EDIT**
- Call Spreads 
- **Jan 2022 $75/$125** 
- net debit -$10.60 - Entry cost $1,060  
- Genomic trend play without having to get the strike right and plenty of time to allow the flower to bloom.  
- Downside is you have to wait till written call expiration.
- Maximum risk: $1,060.00 at a price of $75.00 at expiry
- Maximum return: **3.7x**  $3,940.00 at a price of $125.00 at expiry
- Breakevens at expiry: $85.60


**AAPL**
- AAPL - **Feb 19 2021 - $140c** - $5.65 per contract 
- Earnings play at an affordable price
- Quality company 
- 5% OTM 
- Conservative play with lots of optionality


**PSTH** 
 - **December 2021 - $40c - $5.80 per contract**
 - Pershing comp structure aligned with shareholders
 - Large SPAC size does seem to suggest a quality acquisition
 - Price floor - so good optionality
 - shares and warrants structure
 - institutional holdings limits stupidity
You know you’re a retard when your dreams are that retarded
Opening a cash account in a few days to fuck the shorts.
Was the flash crash really caused by an autist or was he merely the scapegoat?
So the first case of the new strain has hit the US... are we looking at march 2020 part 2?
This is so retarded. BULLISH 🚀 🚀 🚀
Parts are going to eat you alive.
Buy my XPev puts at $1 each
I haven’t really made up my mind yet there’s a lot of fields  to really choose from.
Apple?
Yes! I can never tell if a guy is good looking or not, but goddamn is Bill a greek god
Bro didn’t wear a mask
I am shmammered right now. Zero percent chance I wake up in time to cancel my order for 20x AMD 92.5c expiring Thursday.
Car is 2k. Maintenance still 3k lol
 Those things are notorious for un fixable repairs and it burns lots of oil at those miles . But to feel like Bootleg James Bond for 2k? Maybe?
TOM NASH is dope as fuck.
Baker act
This is legit one of the dumbest things I’ve read on here.
Change ur setting to show more
Can someone explain why Max Pain is pinned to 26.5....  isn't that where we would the MM profit would be highest?  can we see a short squeeze?.   someone please advise, 26C 12/31
[deleted]
What bruh, this is WSB not Martha Stewart
I've always wanted a Saab. Sad to see em go.
[removed]
They’re a services company. Are we even talking about the same AAPL?
He didn’t pray hard enough
How much fudge is in a calorie?
Blackberry didn’t adapt or innovate and cut back on quality. Apple is literally what BB should have done.
This is the way
For sure man... I'll proudly hold these tendies for the next 5 years :)

Have a good one
[deleted]
I'm so fucking ready🚀🚀🚀
Yeah it’s insane
Not quite, its "buy the dip, short gay bears, praise cohen"
Really doubtful at this point. The Apple ecosystem is real. And boomers love it
He probably bought when it was at 27ish?
My portfolio is 100% XPev puts expiring 12/31.
People don’t use YouTube for information sharing. It’s purely for personal ad revenue.

If they had a clue they wouldn’t give a fuck about pennies from a few thousand viewers.

That being said there is only one guy I have ever seen actually read a chart correctly. He’s Russian
What are you into in computer science?
I know, why’d you break his shell though? Lmfao. 

**Tells us what went down in the DM’s**
Would end up repaying 10,514 over 18 months.
It gets weird at night sometimes
I can't be the only one doing this.

When ribeyes or strips go on sale I ask at the window for a larger roast than they have already cut, then slice the roast into steaks and freeze what I'm not using that night. This way I save about a dollar per pound and get something that wasn't sitting out for a while.
Pain
Clearly.. the top tier Logitech wireless mouses are dope af
This company essentially gives out loans to solar installers to put up solar installs in exchange for a return over the length of their 25 year solar agreements. Since most if their business has come in the last few years it would be impossible for them to be profiting at this time. However they are essentially a bank that understands long term returns.They are paid back over time from the customers and from the state incentives which in most states are paid out to sunnova over 15 years. All they care about right now is gaining new customers and partnerships which they continue to do despite a very big impact from covid in sales. Despite this their revenues are still up from last year
Anyone holding onto GOEV?
How does ARCT’s fall line up in largest single day % drops?
No. Thank me later
no u
[removed]
If AAPL hits ATH tomorrow I’ll sell my calls and go all in on the top response
congratulations, youve discovered day trading
😞
We are strong we are many, we are autists! Welcome brother! I am right there besides you! 13k deep PLTR to the moon!!! 🚀🚀💎💎🙌🙌 🚀
No One said they deserve to die... but holding one man accountable when inevitably these people were bound to drop. People need to stop feeling sorry for people who show no interest in eating healthy, drinking water (not 12 packs of soda) and gettin some exercise. You now about 650k people die a year from heart related conditions. Do we hold McDonalds and coke accountable? It’s insane to say one man was suppose to keep 328 millions stubborn Americans from living their life’s. Btw the main problem I have was the governments lack of education on common immune system health. Why was it just mask and lockdowns and not hey guys it’s a flu like virus and ya know get sunlight eat right take D3 drink water whole ordeal is off putting.
bullish
[deleted]
[deleted]
This is like saying oh well, even though people died on 9/11, they were going to die someday. Have some empathy you sadistic fuck.
I liked his bear bitch ass lol
[deleted]
The average girl is probably gonna go along with society's bullshit at least a little bit in a public setting but be surprisingly accepting and open to discuss this stuff with in private. They let guys with truly shitty toxic souls take advantage of them sometimes and then when a good guy who's misunderstood by society needs their acceptance they can see the opportunity that presents and they'd rather take the opportunity than just gaslight the guy to reaffirm delusional bullshit about their own sex lives. You just can't tell how honest most girls are in private 1 on 1 conversation from how they normally talk in public group settings because women handle those things more differently than men
🧢
I’m in all of these
[deleted]
I’m curious what he died from - they mentioned complications. The guy was only 41 and looked reasonably fit. 

I wonder if he smoked or had other lung issues like asthma. Scary to see someone like this die from it
Should I buy a 2003 745i with 160k miles for 2k?
Bro you made him cry tbh
Dr. Lecter?
[deleted]
Thank you! Yesterday i bought more cause It has dipped.

Buy the dip,
Short the vix,
Fuck Shorters.
I'm just gonna rep my previous post on the topic here: [https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jdvfok/the\_anatomy\_of\_a\_wsb\_pump\_and\_dump/](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jdvfok/the_anatomy_of_a_wsb_pump_and_dump/)
1. Countless threads on Reddit

2. Wedge formation, DD, TA posts

3. Has gone up more than 100% a month.

Qualifications: 200 gme at 21.05, 300 pltr at 25.6
Thechartguys
What’s diff between w and reg?
Bro... :/ me 138C 😂
[deleted]
[deleted]
jesus christ. do you just need a CDL for that or what? Also, do you get to see your friends and family often or are you on the road most of the time?
Lol, get the fuck out of here gonna have to do better then that. Be more mysterious
Wealthfront? Betterment? MassMutual?
*fresh McChickens and fresh fries
420.69
Whats your guys favorite youtube channels for investing? Looking for more good channels.

Mine are:

Dave Lee on Investing
Solving the Money problem
Andrei Jikh
Sadly bought them at around 3 pm so I’m down 20%
Wow. One congressman-elect has passed from Covid 

https://twitter.com/davidbegnaud/status/1344112712633217025?s=21
Yeah that still applies. It's scary easy too, I watched a budy fill out an application and it legit took less than 5 minutes.
[deleted]
Aren’t you the same dude who admitted to fucking an underage asian girl who was likely trafficked to that shady ass massage parlor you go to?
https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/klyw9y/comment/ghcknin?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf&context=3
Dude I drive a truck for 180k. Aim for a higher salary dude
Come with me 

Hail Mary
That  pisses me off the most when browsing, I fucking hate that monkey see monkey do shit...and it's ultimately the boy who cried wolf.
Balls..
Did you add that in the end of the day?
dat double top just now 🧐
Amzn weekly callholders eating mcchickens with soft drink of choice
Value is mooning 👽
if we open bigly green again and fade, i might have to fade myself
Thanks for reminding me. I’m gonna buy a ticket tomorrow. If it hits, I’ll buy you a lappy.
This lmao
Please fly again!
I did that for free, that's weak sauce. 

Make him work for the local roofing company to pay it back.
thanks for the advice man i’ll look into that.
Puts. That’s what happened
IPOF is the one that comes to mind... 

But most of the acquisition companies are under 1 billion.

  Their targets (IPOC-->CLOVER) are over 1 billion.  So once the ticker changes, them it's all good.
what's MM?
GME is all about the shares
It’s not a story the YouTubers would tell you

If you’re familiar with the GEX guy he wrote a second paper on Vanna and how it teams up with Gamma to set liquidity
How much are you making on those CC?
So.. Calls on PLTR? Who is with me?
Ah yes, all this bearish sentiment is getting me hard. WSB is really good at calling bottoms/tops.
u/solitaryegg in scrambles

What happened to him??
I would imagine the veteranary field will also be on board. While obviously not as big, the potential clients would help profits.
Holding 1 1/15 400 Put, was thinking of selling. Guess I'll wait it out.
When i buy calls
Tesla’s Car Models. S , E, X. Puts on Tesla
Looks good 👍 calls are cheap atm
Which company has the best Roth IRA user interface for a Robinhood loving autist?
I compare weeklies like hoes, they’re more fun and exciting, but can be dangerous
"Today, the cost of energy = cost of production + cost of regulations or taxes. "......ya dont say - nikcage.png

I wish you DD fucktards would stop trying to get job interviews with your useless drivel
[removed]
Nice. Figure out what your goals are and then get the degree that will help you reach that. Comp sci is great, as is STEM in general. Finance and accounting are also great degrees if that interests you. Whatever path you take just remember that the real $$ is in customer-facing sales type roles regardless of the industry.
Welcome comrade!
Anyone else going in on BN GO tomorrow?
QS to the fucking bottom??? I need my puts to print 😔🤑
Meme stocks have been drilling all week go figure lmfao
wow i had no idea. as one of the other comments said i’m thinking about doing a computer science boot camp for a few months and move to a bigger city near me for more opportunities
RIOT & MARA finna save me
I appreciate that and I hope you receive many tendies as well!
I been buying some GME on margin and didn't know that fuels the shorts more lolol
Thanks, but unless I'm throwing at least $50,000 on shares, it's just not juicy enough for me.
Let’s not forget to have your mouth open wide looking surprised for no fucking reason at all in the thumbnail pic
It’s fine on iPhone lol
Just a hunch, all the big price movement over the last couple weeks is counter to Wall Street hours, I am confident we will see 31 at the low and 37 at the high by mid January. The ETFs are low IV for a nice 1/15 play.
Should I roll out my 1/15/21 ICLN calls? It looks like it's going to consolidate for a while now.
[deleted]
I only read the first line of your post, still haven’t read any of it. With that said. Yes.
Seems priced in since Mitch’s bill proposal seems extremely unlikely to pass? I really hope I’m right bc I’m hurting from McTurtle’s fucking today
Peep my last comment 😏
but like why? gme is dog shit and youre trying to play a game on fundamentals. GME could file for bankruptcy tomorrow...
Years ago I used to have a reoccurring nightmare that Tupac was trying to steal the spare tire off my [Jeep TJ](https://twitter.com/pepeforthewin/status/1344186877478371330?s=21).  

I took it as a sign to finally get a proximity alarm.  The nightmares stopped. 


Now I’m having reoccurring nightmares of Elizabeth Holmes chasing me with a dildo shaped needle.  

**What’s it mean?** 

Should I get the vaccine?


And I’ve never told anybody about Tupac, so I must really trust y’all.
This sub late night > during the day
I try to, you too buddy we ain't that far apart. Happy birthday buddy may you receive many tendies
You got it Boss
No, you’re not. People that talk about Palantir burning through cash have never listened to interviews with executives explaining the business model. To keep it short, Palantir fronts losses on “acquisition” contracts in order to get the program entrenched in an operation. Then, once the business/gov’t can operate the program on its own and the acquisition contract expires, Palantir is able to sign a larger contract with higher margins.
e: 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
F
Yeah. We keep hiring new grads at 75k, with pretty strong benefits, not the cream of the crop talent by any means. Most are gone in under a year to real software companies with deeper pockets. Covid definitely slowed things down, but if OP is thinking on going to school, I think there's a good chance things will be different by graduation. My crystal ball is broken, hows yours?
$FB calls because Zuck bucks better than Trump Bux
I like to follow unusual whales its bullish gme.
THIS. I did the calculations...  we have two computers... bought my wife and her bf 2 crsr keyboards = CRSR 2X!! 🚀🚀
really? interesting i had someone else here tell me to do a boot camp i had no idea they pay you to do it.. any good sources to help me get started? any advice would help a lot
Volume is low.  WSB get wiped out?
Where my tdoc gang at???? It’s at 204 pre market rn 🚫🧢🔥👍💯
[deleted]
I’d give anything to be. 23 again 😅 make sure you enjoy it as much as possible
how is futures gang gone?
>u/Bulky-Mountain8854

**TLDR: Likely Disney. Maybe Amazon, Comcast, or ViacomCBS.**

The star asset (no pun intended) of Lionsgate IMO is Starz. Their have a few movie gems (Twilight / Hunger Games) but the fundamental anchor of streaming is serialized content that entertains consistently - kind of like cable. The sale of Lionsgate would be predicated on buyers appreciating the assets of Starz. Given LGF's current market cap of 2B+, the question is to whom would LGF be worth 3 - 5B during an acquisition? A little rich IMO.

That being said, I think Lionsgate can be digested by pretty much any big-tech firm / media firm with scale. The biggest impediment to an acquisition IMO would be shareholder or board inertia. I'll break this down into two groups of potential acquirers.

**Big Tech**

**Amazon**: Amazon has expressed interest in Lionsgate in the past, but any potential deal fell through. If I had to venture a guess, it had to do with price and licensing. I think that Amazon would be the most interested player amongst big tech firms.

Apple: Apple desperately needs to acquire a back catalog of content. However, Lionsgate doesn't really fit the bill. Starz's IP is too 'edgy' for Apple - I just can't see Cook giving the green light. Even Discovery would be a better fit for Apple.

Netflix: Nah. Unlikely. They have already proven that they can produce quality originals. Why acquire a back catalog when you already have a strong slate of licensing deals and original programming?

**Media**

**Disney**: Plausible. Starz complements FX's demographic well and helps to strengthen Disney's stranglehold on the 20 - 40 age demo. Disney is likely to slow down M&A though. I would say if the price is right (and there isn't a bidding war), Disney could be a plausible acquirer.

**Comcast**: Plausible, but less likely than Disney. They have had a longstanding partnership with Starz, recognizes its value, and is looking to strengthen its Peacock offering. They probably have enough dry powder to pull the trigger.

***ViacomCBS***: LGF has explored a sale to ViacomCBS before (and they came out to say that they were really interested). But with Viacom's goal of reducing leverage by 30 - 40% over the next few years, I don't think they have the political power to maneuver through this acquisition. They're busy integrating their Viacom / CBS assets now (and are integrating Pluto into their strategy). Also, they already have Showtime. Plausible, but unlikely in the near term.

AT&T: I would rule out AT&T just because it's so highly levered right now and probably wouldn't have the political firepower to cobble together a sale after it inevitable writes down its Directv assets.

So if I had to venture a guess, probably Disney. They have the wind behind their back right now (with Disney+ launch / investor optimism etc). But if Disney doesn't pull the trigger, LGF may stay on the market for some time.
Doesn’t mean they deserved to die man
1 step forward, 2 steps back
I would love to short this for clout but holy smokes are those some expensive options
[removed]
Simp
my portfolio is 70% spacs. its been a rough day.
It really is. I’m ready for the pandemic to be over. This is the first year since I started college at 18 that I haven’t gone out to a party, bar or club or been out with groups of friends
small companies pay six figures too
Must not be real gamers if they can afford the lag from anything wireless.

Hard-lined or nothing and I don’t even fucken game anymore
Good speed.. Enjoy future tendies fellow retard... Merry New Year
Ladies and gentlemen I present 

Calls on tasers

[Real life GTA](https://youtu.be/9HLZOM5_rhk)
Also.. trust me on this one, if you're cautious about the option spreads nibble away at some shares..  no idea what happens the next month but think longer term they won't disappoint you
Good or bad??
[deleted]
RuG PuLL iNcOmInG!!!
They have a lot of employees so I think the chances are good. I personally know a few people who work for big tech. They are everywhere
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** With me being in to the market I made these of 999 fine silver. What do you guys think

**URL:** https://redd.it/kmv0f5
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=kmv0f5) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/ajbain29, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
ajbain29
the_researcher
quiveringmass
The company is losing money and isn't close to being profitable. It is still up 250% since its IPO 18 months ago.  You made it sound super safe in your DD but this looks risky. Damn, I guess you are good at your job.
Lol. I know 2k stimulus is gonna fail so im buying puts rainbow  🐻
From i know is that they based on the order book and calculate the estimated price, so far is still shows close to actual price
The power to moon was in me the whole time?
This thing will dump when they report bad holiday sales - just like the Q3 earnings.
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
Brother I lost 1k in one day on Amazon calls I’m numb to the pain haha
Damn that site is cancer on mobile. The more I zoom in the more it zooms out
just self study for 2-3 months then do a bootcamp that pays you to do it.  you'll be employed in 6 months instead of 4 years and you'll save a lot of money

also you'll find out rather quickly whether or not you even like it

4 year degree is pointless for most programming jobs.  some of my coworkers dont even have college degrees
Hahaha
Why do you think that?
I won 7$ on powerball last week but I poured it back onto tix again. Someday I will win the mega prize of 400M $ by myself (And that day is coming pretty soon).
Squeeze not coming for at least a few weeks. I got a few call for end of jan abd about 50 shares
Eh the bros are over leveraged to the tits and any bearishness will make them feel attacked
I can’t believe CNBC invites him on the morning show every time he wants to shill a new SPAC
[deleted]
https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/9988.HK/
Just take a small position. High risk high reward
I appreciate that 💪🏾 and you too
Just remember. Pullbacks aren’t always bad. Price goes down can = to people buying the dip and it finally taking off. If you have April+ calls I’m sure it’ll have a good push up once Joe is in office but stocks are stocks they do as they please but I have much faith that this will continue to do extremely well :)
Insert Jeff goldblum 'you did it, you crazy son of a bitch, you did it'
Bears in ShAmBlEs
Pretty sure todays drop was because bernie is slowing down defence bill and all its ai goodies... but then again im just a retard adding 1 and 1 when x, y, and z are also in the equation and I have no idea what they are.
Nerd
I think we are edging closer with the DD its different this year. Dark 🐎
Ok dude good luck

🙏
Thanks...I did not read that part...I do apologiz... I thought the Market cap for some of the Spacs is Over a 1 billion
Section 230 is literally the topic of discussion. So you took this moment to try and spread your election conspiracy-theories? Lmfao
I’ve heard people enjoy their 30s most but COVID is such a shitty year or two to waste on our 20s
What?
Went down to 12 and shot to 21 in 3 weeks Idk how the rest plays out
Yeah you still have shares to sell calls on while pumping the calls in WSB as if you're buying them, saying "this is not a pump and dump we're still going up a long way!" right before a dump day. You already admitted to it you retard lmao
I'm up about 55% on stocks this year with my human broker.. On TDA where I have some shares and play with options and futures, roughly 20%
That’s the spirit! Northeast Kansas here going to KU and getting a math degree here in Kansas is what keeps me from longing rope
Where will you work? 100k seems low. You can earn that much by studying books and doing online tutorials.
Loading STPK
Thank you Johnny for sharing. Now wash your hands and go do your DD before daddy comes back drunk from work.
Sell NIU for a 17% loss or hold?
I bought 5 PLTR my first stock lets fly baby.
Titan Medical
No one asked these questions back in mid 2000s when real estate bubble with all those *subprime* mortgages formed, NINJA loans - no income, no job, assets. Now it's gambling with stocks. Makes no difference, the result will be the same as in 07-08. History repeats itself regardless however absurd it may sound.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Yeah bro just buy and wait for a few months. Lots of bullish signs aside from the short squeeze. Just look at any one of the 1000 DD posts about it
I hope one day Chamath ends up paying for fleecing retail investors, the guy is super sleazy. I never invested in that dumpster fire, but the shit he pulled with SPCE felt borderline illegal to me.
lol Remember when this sub was extremley pro-Trump and shit all over Democrat leaders

I mean it's not much better now but maybe some people are finally realizing that the GOP is a literal and open-faced death cult.

lol!
If you ain’t doubling down on PLTR,  you ain’t American. #itiswhatitis
235.8 HKD or 243 USD
I’m trusting you kev make my 2021 a green year. Haha
Idk bro but flair me
I’m not worried, I still have a sizable position, it just hurt to sell my 2/19 15c today. I got em for .62 three days after PLTR options were a thing.

Saw em hit 19.0 and then sold for 10.10.
just turned 20
[deleted]
You have the gay
This is the way
Sir the butcher quoted me 17 dollars a kilo just now wtf.
You can get out right before the merge during voting at NAV if I understood how SPACs work
I wanna short tesla so far to fall!
UMMMMMM

HOW THE HELL DO I GET PERMABANNED ON THIS COMMENT??? Mods????

“hAtEfuL spEeCh”

https://ibb.co/wQ6Pd1X
Damn, I thought you had left! You still mod? Happy to see you again
All the gamer nerds that work at my business have been talking about logitech wireless mice, so I bought calls a couple of days ago. It’s working.
[removed]
Based on my findings 60.60% of the time it’s probably that the Russell 2000 with be +24.5% by March 31st 2021

On the flip side 39.40% of the time the Russell 2000 will end -15.93% by March 31st 2021. Do what’s you will with this information PT $2420 by March 31st
BOOM!

How are your YTD returns with this strategy?
Mind mentioning it again?
ToS. Right click an option, send to a number link, view that number link on a chart
so it was a bear trap after all
Man I'm 23 and sometimes I literally have to remind myself "You're not 17 anymore!" Its weird man
[removed]
I hope you get baskets piled high with crispy and moist tendies. Godspeed for whatever happens tomorrow and eow :)
Baba back to 300 by Monday?
[deleted]
Wow a country that’s 73% overweight lost 346k people to a virus that’s affects your breathing Fuking shocker bet 90% of people had underlying health issues oh but let’s not hold people accountable for their own health Fuking joke
I live in a small shitty crackhead town in the middle of missouri, a handful of ones and a dime bag is enough to kill someone over
You are able to buy 1000 shares of XL, I have a very small account, only 2k, and I own only 87 shares :( I asked Santa Claus to bring me more shares but he responded with a troll meme and a message telling me that I will die being sad poor lol (I also found the book Rich Dad Poor Dad by Robert T Kiyosaki on my stocking, so I guess there is still hope)  
Well, I am pretty sure you know more than me.

Anyway, this is something that I found.

Based on google finance, the market cap of XL is 3.17B USD, much higher than the market cap on Robinhood, which is only 701,21M USD. So if we want to be conservatives, before merging the market cap of XL Fleet was 1.34B USD.  
On Yahoo Finance, the outstanding shares of XL are 23M.

Based on that the fair price of XL is between $58 and $137.

I may be wrong but this company has so much potential, and it is going to grow fast soon. As soon as the current market cap changes the price is going to jump.

I am not a financial advisor and this is just a personal opinion, so whatever you decide to do with your investment I wish you the best, my friend :)
[removed]
Good deduction of ideas.  Yeah what you see in Hollywood and mainstream media that is the socially acceptable dogma of “life” that is experienced by the collective “we” is kinda fucking bullshit.  I don’t work in a traditional way as I use my funds to pursue are and shit.  And it’s lonely, and I can’t talk to people let a lone girls because of my fear of “socially acceptable nature” yeah sure groups of friends from old and work buddies... shoot the shit. But outliers? That’s a difficult terrain especially when faced in isolation I.e recipe for mental health issues......
It will print in the morning, the big jump will be over the long weekend
Blood thinners do that, happened to a friend's dad.
Short squeeze has been the myth for years at this point. The smoothbrains don’t understand how things work
Read the posting guidelines.

Understand minimum market cap (1 billion) and the fact this is an options focused discussion and most SPACs don't even offer options.  (And don't @ warrants me...)

I'm in SPACs, love them,  just have a read through WSB guidelines.
Google trump protest jan 6 theres plenty of coverage. That's the day Congress certifies election results
I hope so
That is if he has 100 shares otherwise we are playing with naked ones and let’s not get there
How about $80
That's for you to decide. How old are you?
I respect your Rally Cries sir! 

Sincerely Yours,

Degenerate
This. I needed this ^
Bought 500 shares 2 days ago @ $9.75
SQ finna open 220+
Fair
Okay have that rundown on lean hog futures on my desk first thing in the morning I’m going to sleep
Did you just wake up from a coma and miss the last month or so lol
is dick
Speculative desire and ad revenue
Just gotta keep your head up. Find something that’ll keep you motivated/ in a good space
I don't see anything
Just choose the green crayon and literally anything you draw, will make amd moon
69 on the gaydar. Not the worst but don't stand near me.
The cello is the only sound that reaches the most sorrowful (and somehow sweetest) part of my soul.
Good luck broski. I see alotnof negative comments but I’m rooting for you.
sales on what
I swear it always dumps before market open
Yep been in since $15 range and every single time PM is green, there will be a massive dump to followed. At this point, I’m unfazed
This 100k miles used chick with 3 blessings had the nerve to say I wasn’t good enough financially for her when I wasn’t even pursuing her. Hahaha. I guess I’m a LVM.
[deleted]
Anyone in Gamestop? I keep hearing short squeeze coming but I'm not seeing it. What are your positions?
LIFE SAVINGS IN $PLTR🚀
define “well”
accurate
Too late
Anyone know what BABA is at in the asian markets
Oh was just curious
[removed]
When is NKLA going bankrupt?
Exactly. I really have a bad feeling about this, too many people are betting their house money on Ackmann.
Wow, BABA at $253.23 pre market 😨
Few weeks ago before ABCL went public, I caught a comment that broke down some share dilution that was gonna happen right after listing. Shoutout to that guy. Phew
At least you’re in America, lots of peasants in other countries wants to be a peasant in America
$100k isn’t that much in most cities
Yes I did post it there as well...I thought WSB folks enjoy Spacs as well...
100
[deleted]
Great post thankyou
[deleted]
Ready to get this rug pull out the way so we can pump organically through earnings
It sucks because I was doing so well with them up til now. I'm still bullish in the end and have shares
$40 a week, every week for 7 months.
First time ever ya. Guess I can try, thanks man.
Don’t drink the water...
[deleted]
You can short the same share multiple times. The posts are more in the vein there are not enough shares to buy back to cover the shorts since each share has been shorted on average more than once.
No worries, enjoy
Lol aren't you the moron from /r/retardbets who tried to convince me to buy PLTR calls right before the dump until I got you to admit you were in on the pump and dump? Interesting to see you continuing to struggle with your pathetic brain
Stonks go up🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
It always dumps on open so close enough? The open dump is like clockwork since I've been in it.
Then buy some june calls at $55 strike price if thats your fancy lol
The fuck are you talking about? 

Oh, are you making a "Game Theory" joke? Dude, you fucked up his catchphrase. 

If you wanted to make that reference, you should have said, "That's just a theory, a theory on games!" And anyway, how is "Game Theory" still popular? I watched a couple of those like 5 years ago when they were mainstream, and even then, they were pretty shit.

The last time I heard of that channel was when the host brought the Pope a copy of Undertale, which was super cringe. 

Are you like 15? There's an age limit to entering the market, you know. Trading on Dad's account?

Just kidding, you like what you like, and I won't talk down to you about your hobbies.
i mean it’s a slim chance you’ll be able to work for a big tech company right ?
This
He's right though
Yeah 100k is childs play in the field
True, true. Closer I get to 30, more and more I feel old though 😅😂
Postions?

This isn't an investment advice sub, it's a casino.
I barely see it going up at all - it is already up 30%. I doubt it will get a great valuation if he picks a high profile company. And the SPAC itself is the largest ever - which already limits upside. 

I really don’t get why people are piling in at these levels. Same thing with all the Chamath SPACs that are already up 30-40% on nothing
🥲
If you like computers and tech a lot then comp sci is a good degree. If you just want to make good money then do sales
Thank Christ futures gang is gone tonight 

I’m gonna need a rundown on lean hog futures before I cash tho
the ol’ folio is down -20% all time. probably wanna stick to getting a nice degree and yolo some big tendies
Personally, I enjoy being pumped and dumped... saves me from having to deal with em' in the AM.
Thanks!
It feels like it was 2 years ago that  Trump and Pence said it would be gone by Easter. Damn.
I recently graduated with CS degree. Study hard and get paid well.
That first fallback is what I’m thinking might happen again tomorrow. Might just Yolo half
yes
I’m not trained in the art of crayons. Can someone take a quick peek at AMD for me?

I want to launch 50x 12/31 92.5c into the sun and crayons would make me feel better.
[deleted]
It's a beautiful instrument. One of the most notoriously difficult to play though. You should absolutely do it but if you've never played a bowed or fretless instrument before be prepared to have your soul crushed for a long time before anything even approaching musical comes out of it.
Never trust PLTR in premarket. It always nosedives at open and then does whatever the fuck it's gonna do the rest of the day.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Oh sorry, I didn’t realize you were 16
[deleted]
Keep your head up and keep pushing forward bro
What’s a good way to view options price history graphs?
It's silly that these people are blowing up their accounts on FDs. They're two paychecks away from petty theft to feed themselves, but buying horseshit.

Some people are handed a bad lot, others go out of their way to remain hand to mouth.
Replace American with Southeast Asian
PLTR up 2% premarket. Prepare for Valhalla. 30 EOW. Betting against PLTR, is a bet against the CIA. You finna lose! 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Yes if it made a huge move this month to 125 youd wish you bought them for feb '20 but its higher risk higher reward

With my trade max profit is if it is worth 125 or any amount more at the jan '22 exp

Also I bought 2 spreads so 10.50x2=21 or $2100 cost to achieve $10k value or $7900 profit

You'd probably be safe with this one doing july '21 as well
No maybe you can snap me a pic of your girlfriend's boyfriend.
Damn bro it will get better for you
B t c rising that means my mara and riot might print :D please don't dump before tomorrow lol
Wtf is going on lol
After wiping out my last several weeks gains, I'll take a green day no matter how small it is.
But my dick is screaming 😫
He tweeted it and all his followers are talking about it
Subversive post, that’s a paddlin!
As usual, Chamath sucked the juice off all gullible retail investors and fled with the money lol
Practical Investing? Lol
Big tech companies pay a lot more than 100k
Have you seen the job market?
These comp sci jobs are competitive and the hiring process heavily caters to women. 

I mean, if you do well in stocks/options, depending on your portfolio value *right now*, you could be making 100k annually with option trading in 4 years time.
A great place for this would be r/SPACs.
If your worried about the short leg getting itm just try to roll it or buy it back
I feel like these people who went all in on PSTH will be very disappointed. I mean this stock is already ultra bloated i dont see it going more than 50%
[deleted]
Honestly, PLTR should just open red so these fuckers would stop panic sold every fucking morning
Someone is going to by some waaaay OTM Bed bath and beyond calls because of this DD, truuuust.
[deleted]
Okay. Calls it is. I'd go all in on pornhub if it went public. When did they add this shit
Keep shitpost, discussion, dd. Get rid of everything else.
i mean i use my computer every day. i’m no guru but i think i’d be able to learn a lot more if i started taking some classes
I would totally rather be a europoor tbh
ICLN April calls 🖨
I’m turning 27 in four days. Shit’s crazy. What happened to 90s kids’ youth lmao
[deleted]
Doesn’t count unless it’s from 6:30 am to 1:00 pm PST.
If u haven’t been banned before and they skipped straight to that it will probably get appealed
Bruh you stole my damn comment in the other thread and made it into a meme!

I want 50% of the karma updoot royalties on this photo!!!! le me when I get mad karma tendies!!! ---> :D
I need to be able to taste it🤤
Puts are gonna print 🤑🤑🤑
Lol you lost and I love it and your stupid ass is only losing more today and I love it
dude i really like this play. thank you for suggesting and explaining.
Says who
Stay home. Be safe.  Mail her your ejaculate.
Honestly. Needed this. Especially in this sub. :)
Holy shit, didnt know PDD mooned so hard.  What was the catalyst?  Might join in those puts.  It had some fallback after that first big gap up.
Yes. My employer expanded to Texas as well.
yeah i’m just wondering if anyone has any experience in that field
I mean it's okay. People circle jerking about having the longest "streaks". But I stopped using it like three years ago so I don't know if they added new features and shit.
I agree with this, except replace American with europoor
Do you like computers a lot?
Well then sir, seeing as this is a casino...

Perhaps the gentleman would be more comfortable at one of our keno lounges for boomers? 

r/investing  -->

(Do you even understand what this sub is about??)
Dude, I had so many coworkers making that claim. I agree, it was an incredibly stupid claim but I work with a lot of ignorant people.
RemindMe! June 30, 2021
If you are half competent you'll clear 100k right out of school
did you try a mouth condom ?
RIP
These are excess deaths over what we usually see. I guess it doesn't matter to you as long as you're alive.
[deleted]
How do these pre-premarket prices work? Doesn’t PM open at 0400? I genuinely don’t know and want to understand
Blood in the water
Where can i cop?
https://youtu.be/LmRdzbyf9TQ

56 seconds in
[deleted]
The fuck was your entry
go for it
If it drops a bit more, I'm fucking closing positions and buying more.... Better be early 2021 for that so I can avoid taxes!
Being lower middle class / dirtpoor American makes you wanna long $ROPE every day
That's pretty big brain. I just rode NIO calls
Like clockwork, every night 😂😂😂😂
Sysadmin here. Azure has the benefit of the MS ecosystem, their products aren't going away anytime soon/ever. In general, AWS will continue to capture the largest piece of the cloud computing pie.

I'm hoping SpaceX and Blue Origin go public. Bezos wants to be the freight trains of space. Historically, logistics companies make bank.
nudes
Thought PM only opens at 4am
[deleted]
I hate people like you. Those people are more than just oh yeah, you they died.
chipping everyone?
EV Apple vs Tesla will be the next thing.
You took the words out of my mouth

\*here is an award I'm too cheap to actually buy🐍\*
Yeah but after pissing in the living room for long enough the smell builds up to where it's like a bathroom people use all day. Next it'll start getting worse unless you switch things up now
Nice, excel list of SPACs. Thanks for sharing!
[deleted]
Thinking about going to college and get a measly bachelors degree in computer science.. worth it? I wanna make 100k a year is that too much to ask
Yeah, so the calls you sold have to expire that's why you gotta wait right.
💦💦💦💦💦 I'm gonna Cum!!
[removed]
I figured it out. I need to fire off some raunchy FDs tomorrow.
Anybody checked on those phantom 1am dis calls tonight?
Right now Trump doesn't even have military authority. The Generals already had meetings about what they would do if he went off the rails or tried to stay in power.
Think fresh!
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/InternationalAd2974 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
i belive he is.  europoors have a green start today
Sounds gay. I didn’t read it though.
I read all 4 parts, why?
I have enough survival cash for a good amount of time just worried about these two stocks
How big is your dick?
Why do you think we’re YOLOing our life savings? Us pours got nothing to lose
I remember gamestop restocked on the switch Animal Crossing edition after the long dry spell. That was where I got mine
I'm in this with you brother, 42k deep, down -62% total on it, 2/15 40c but still, PRAYERS TO US BROTHER
[deleted]
What happens if NET goes up to $80

+ BUY NET $80 1/22/2022 LEAP

+ SELL NET $80 1/15/21

Will the LEAP cover the 1/15/21 call?
Jan 6 trump holding massive protest and going to have military run the elections in swing states, cash out before that bois big buying opportunity coming
Yeah man just google call debit spreads they are a lot safer than what people do on here

What you said is correct 

The only caveat is you have to wait longer i.e. closer to the expiration date to achieve full profit
Sounds like I shouldn't even bother lol I deserved a ban just not a perma one
[deleted]
[deleted]
It’s a hoax, according to President Donald “ MAGA” Trump.  #itiswhatitis
Bag holding 10 March 22c contracts for the past 2 months ! One more month aight going to scare this vigagie
Uhh my suggestion would be move future trading to an actual live chat room
$FLWS calls
[removed]
BABA at $243.  Knew I should have went all in on Monday.  Golden opportunity squandered.
I think its priced in.    I'm long the stock but dont think options are worth it.
Last 2 times I hung out with her it was supposed to be just to talk and I ended up making her give me a handjob and dry humping her through her clothes lmaooooo she doesn’t trust me anymore
[deleted]
[deleted]
Exactly, he's the inspiration for the part about wasting minutes of every video talking about background / community...that is what the featured channel video is for FFS.

When I watch his vids these days it's purely skimming
HK market is following us, not the other way around fwiw these past few days.
Easter.
# GAY GAY GAY
True, buy August 60c , less risks
Then what is it you know? PSNL, PACB, CRSP... NVTA in #4 spot.
BABA already up 2.78% PM

https://markets.businessinsider.com/stocks/baba-stock
This was Square premarket yesterday lol
I still see tards on here still claiming that it's a nothingburger. Well, it's now a nothingburger that has killed 1 in a 1000 Americans (excess deaths over usual years).
[deleted]
Why dafuck would you sell baba?
Do you want the good news or the bad news first?
🚀🚀🚀🚀🙌🙌
Just be glad I didn't cut the water and drain the tank first, honey.
I love silver. Currently own 169 Oz .999 and some junk silver. Also went all in on SLV 2/19 26c :)
How much do these weigh?
Doesn’t mean it’s true.
Anyone else hold their PDD weekly calls? Thinking of selling at open and yolo it into puts for another 20 bagger
Do you need the money now? If not, tell 2020 to fuck off with style and go bang your favourite gender... If you need it now for survival tendies, sell at open and don't look back
https://markets.businessinsider.com/stocks/pltr-stock
Do you not know what snap chat is retard?
#🤤🤤🤤 CUCK ME MAMI
VIX wasn’t this low 5 months ago

The last diehard bears got wiped as civil war did not follow the election
This^
Ya still feeling good after those abysmal earnings, pal? John Chen is driving the company into the ground, and you get ride along as a passenger.

Have fun mate.
Giving me PLTR vibes.. I may trim my position to half.
No loss in the change. "Futures" is all garbage and people are confused by current flairs.

Also, make "Gains/Losses Under 2500" and "Beginner Questions" flair that just auto 30-day bans people, lol.
#ATTENTION FELLOW BEARS , no bulls allowed to read this post 

Ok listen up, bulls are delusional, don’t let them trick you. I gave up my TTD puts last week and the stock dropped 18%. I could’ve had 100k right now. But I pussied out. 

This market has no steam left, today is literally the top. Bulls will be in shambles tomorrow. Hold strong, after the pump in the first five mins of market open, go all in on 01/05 puts. 

This is the top I repeat. I get paid today too. I will have 3 k extra. I’m going all in on puts and we will all be in lambos tomorrow. Don’t fall for this green futures! Cheaper puts anyway!
There's nothing I can say, you need to be 5150'd
Stfu, those people are more statistics. 

Let’s just not honor vets anymore because oh it’s such a small population that died 

Gtfo
[removed]
So is he also the same guy that lost money on apple earnings yolo? GUH ing up on you 🎵???
Where do you see this action?
[removed]
and how many spreads are you buying? How much principal at risk?

And so correct me if I'm wrong its buy a call at $75 and sell a call at $125, same expiration date right?

Thanks
[deleted]
“I’ll double my position if people upvote me!!! I’m a fucken loooooooooser!!!!”

You weird ass PSTH fucks. Keep posting gay ass shit like that and I’ll pour every ounce of luck into keeping that shit stagnant forever.

Desperate for attention social media incels
We were
Just watch some porn you sicko
RIOT TO FUCKING MOON TODAY
Tell her your grandma just died of Covid and you need someone to talk to.  Sympathy bang in under  an hour if played right.
ted cruz
I've been short the dollar for 4 months it's my longest running trade and so many tendies with 50:1 leverage
Funny thing is, he could have cashed out, kept the money, and had a nice house/life for a while.  He made 350k then lost half in a day.  Odds are this will expire worthless and he will be out a nice house lol. 

He is apparently too dumb to cash out, and like most will probably lose it all getting greedy.  Imagine making 350k and still being greedy.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Good post - rare to find people who know what they are talking about on WSB. Mostly just tards who don’t even know what is going on - like this senseless post about a “short raid” because of a Short Sale Restriction lol
[removed]
Store level employees don't know anything. They dropped thousands of consoles in stores with about 3 hours notice just before Christmas.
I live in a very liberal state and still know at least 2 people who believed this firmly, they exist
another hard to swallow post that will probably save my ass down the line
based on what do u think its a profit taking? could very well be
I opened up gold account to buy more GME doe
Chimp adenovirus FTW
[deleted]
It was up 3% last night and the night before too 😔
I am literally on every single social media and I have no fucking idea whats snap and I have never installed it.
First of all, I’d like to thank you for that upper decker you left me.
I sold 100 shares of Nio at 4.85 due to congress news way back this year. Your fine. I did use this to cover some debt at the time.
RIOT
Weak!
I’m getting nervous seeing these many PSTH posts, like one every hour!! This is giving me PLTR vibes. 🥶
Thanks for the payment, I’m the leech contract writer that sold them to you
I think pretty same,  and have 2500 shares
don’t sweat it. just hold until they’re in the green or even longer. can always get to 100 shares and sell calls
Wtf? I thought we were at 220k
People redeemed warrants
Because a lot of people use bathrooms to piss in
Contributed to the cause but gonna have to do better than that. I recommend:

Lol some of you are so fucjing poor it’s not even funny. Keep working that grill at Wendy’s bud. Good luck competing against someone with straight As on his Finance degree.

Send at like 3pm for Wendy’s gang to really get on your ass
　　　　　　　　　　 ✦ 　　　　   　 　　　˚　　　　　　　　　　　　　　\*　　　　　　   　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　🚀　$MT　　　　　　　　　　. 　　 　　　　　　　 ✦ 　　　　　　　　　　 　 ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ 　　　　 　　　　　　　　　　　　,　　   　

.　　　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　ﾟ　  　　　. 　　　　　　　　　　　　　.

　　　　　　,　　　　　　　.　　　　　　    　　　　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 ☀️ 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　    　      　　　　　        　　　　　　　　　　　　　. 　　　　　　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　　　. 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　       　   　　　　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　       　   　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　       　    ✦ 　   🚀　 ,　　　　　　　　 🚀 　　　　 　　,　　　 ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　　　 　　 　　　.　　　　　　　🚀　　　　　　 　           　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　˚　　🚀$CLF　 　   　　　　,　　　　　　　　　　　       　    　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　  　　    　　　　　 　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　\* 　　  🚀 　　　　　 ✦ 　　　　　　　         　        　　　　 　　 　　　　　　　 　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　　　    　　. 　 　　　　　.　　　　 🌑 　　　　　   　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　   　

　˚　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　ﾟ　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　. 　　 　 🚀 ‍ ‍ ‍$CMC ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ,　 　　　　　　　　　🚀　　　　　 .　　　　　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　 ✦ 　　　　   　 　　　˚　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　   　　　　　　　　　　　　　　🚀

**ReplyGive AwardShare**
[deleted]
Please implement this change, fuck the current system it's sloppy
Its just 125-75 = 50 max value of the spread

so you can turn 10.5 into 50

or about 400% gain
And all of those are retarded *undergrad* degrees, except for maybe chemistry.  
  
If you get the rest of those with no plans for grad school you're a rube. And yes, even math and physics will probably leave you giving handies for cash after you graduate no matter how euphoric they are
You have no idea how bankruptcy works LOLOL anyone with puts would’ve lost if they declared bankruptcy, can’t believe people like you are allowed to buy options not knowing that lol
Let’s go
Pltr up 3% 🚀🚀🚀
Is AZN worth a short term play or is the new vaccine “priced in”?
Make up your own mind. Don't go down with this meme of a sinking ship
Bottom two frames straight definition of current retards left holding bags
Mitch fucked the entire market today. Don't use today as a benchmark for what it should be
By the time we can sell the stock for gains the 🌈🌈🌈🐻 have already lost
No one said that shit jfc 

I meant to say liberals. There were not people who voted for Biden saying that.
No problem! Thanks for the response. I have no problem waiting this out, the popcorn is ready. I think I might buy more calls on 12/31 :D  


lol I keep thinking about next semester (i'm a teacher). I'm supposed to be teaching a financial literacy class next semester. It's going to be really hard not to start off the class with investing XD
[https://twitter.com/axios/status/1344181184025165824](https://twitter.com/axios/status/1344181184025165824)

not one. or two.

THREE VAXXINES  
ber R FUKKKKD

Unless they have ZM puts, maybe.
$8 considering 75% of their profits come from used sales. Love all these retards talking without knowing jackshit about gaming or GameStop for the matter. I worked there for 3 years. Gamers don’t buy there anymore, and online orders are dominated by console owners or Amazon. ThE neW ConSolE WaVe, retards don’t know 2 of the 4 systems don’t have CD capabilities 😂 who buys used games? People looking to save money, who buys consoles without cd drives?!? People looking to save money, but keep buying the stock and calls, giving me amazing deals on my
Puts and selling you retards your calls :)
[deleted]
Why does my piss smell like the bathroom at a SixFlags
Wait but I thought the virus was gonna go away after the election ???
Yea.........
Did you read part 2?
Can you buy a LEAP and sell a nearer dated call but not too near further OTM

+ poor man’s covered call
Everyone upvote him so he doesn’t go to bed getting what he wants
what's the max return on those, if you don't mind me asking?
Using equity leverage to take out a home loan.  Nothing could possibly go wrong here
IWM is up 30% since November 2nd and is 20% off its precovid high. How many times you hear about something that tracks a major index going up 30% in 2 months?
Do you mean he's actually going to nuke georgia or he just going to yell "I DECLARE NUCLEAR WAAAAR" in the oval office so some secretary has to explain to him that's not how nuclear war works
Yeah she's fucking someone else
I can’t believe the coins I collected playing Mario 64 are now worth over 25k.  I shouldn’t have thrown away my N64
Are you hoping or are you talking about futures?
I was about to say he is Steven Hawkings but Steven is smart so let’s just say retarded
Real talk, I hope all of you autists are doing well and enjoying your holidays/end of 2020. Regardless of how your portfolio is looking, know that everything will be okay and you’ll be okay. Time for us to all make money in 2021 💪🏾
Pick something like $PSTH retard.
By a stupid fucking band.
NIO day let’s go
346k people dead in the US. 

Jesus. Christ.
Why? OP's entire thesis is off of 2 days of data.


Who fucking cares. Zoom the fuck out.
[deleted]
I thought Stock Moe was good at first, but his channel's been heading downhill fast. It feels like the same video over and over again. How many fucking NIO videos can you do in one day?
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** AccuWeather standby, Steve Munchkin is making it rain TONIGHT

**URL:** https://redd.it/kmwr9p
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=kmwr9p) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/ziplocfullacock, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
ziplocfullacock
OverpricedBagel
quiveringmass
Nobody cares about pe, ask amd ya 🤡
I did and made more than you have...ever lol
I can accept that thesis. And I have no problem holding until then. I like AAPL because of its triple-A quality and historical durability.
I’m sorry Dave, I’m afraid I can’t do that 🔴
Yeah I’ll be done with this one for a while. Largest L on the year for me lol
Like clockwork, every night 😂😂😂
And then lost it all.
SO MUCH BETTER THAN THOSE STUPID GADGETS I USED TO MAKE
Feel like going to bed on intensely down voted comment.  Man you all are actually getting stimulus money?  Bunch of damn poors on here.
higher than you'd think
I only do the daily discussion threads.
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
Buy sunnova thats all
Begging this girl to let me go see her right now on text and she’s just teasing me but I’m pretty sure she’s gonna say she’s too tired or it’s too late. I’m gonna just have to jack off like a LOSER lmaooooo puts on my dick 🤡🤡🤡
1500 shares and holding tight
Definitely not. Mitch proposed an unpassable bill
That’s more due to their awful inventory management than a sign of high sales. If anything it causes them to lose sales. Just go to the GameStop subreddit to read posts by staff. 

GME sales declined 30% last quarter while the industry saw enormous growth because of their awful inventory management
Buy shares like everyone has been saiyan!
Thanks habibi
dont forget to diversify a bit of those life savings into magic internet money for an extra lotto ticket
You got shares. Relax. Stonks only go up eventually
Do it pussy
Dollar is getting fucked so hard
Maybe they (you?) bought those contracts, start the rumor and sell for a profit?
Not that many shares but $34.7 MP and 28.5 on PLTR
Rich coming after two days over which WSB bulls have been absolutely slaughtered. Part of why it's so quiet in here tonight
Do your own research homie
Looks like he bought $50k of January call options, which is why he's down 75% - I'm guessing 1/15 25c or 30c but it's hard to tell from a quick scroll through his post history.

Kids, don't buy options on spacs, it's a terrible idea. If he'd bought stock or warrants he'd be down a lot, but only about 30-50% even after the huge drop.
Depends on how your hanging homles.
As long as you have money on the side for whatever occurrences pop up I believe you'll be fine. Just hold my guy
stocks only go up
[deleted]
Oui oui!
the country Georgia
[removed]
[Breaking: Astra-Oxford Covid Vaccine Gains First Clearance With U.K. Nod](https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2020-12-30/astra-oxford-covid-vaccine-gains-first-clearance-with-u-k-nod?utm_campaign=socialflow-organic&utm_content=markets&utm_source=facebook&utm_medium=social&cmpid=socialflow-facebook-markets&fbclid=IwAR3yYkFMsfQDIoY4BtKpHqTxK0a-rjrAfcuAwhU8Qk2l47HMnl0n0Z9h6II&sref=Oa2cbIsd)
I will anyways but also hoping for ATH
Puts on the Appalachian trail. Calls on not hearing about it.
Stimmy pump today?
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Other finance subs are complete fucking jokes. Thank fuck we have WSB

**URL:** https://redd.it/kmvgro
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=kmvgro) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/snack92lover, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
wwwjunkboy
rtmeg
quiveringmass
There’s a sub called r/appeal or r/appeals or something and you can go on it from banned account and it will let you appeal the ban. Gotta have a good reason for them too. Idk why mine got overturned I was shocked. Had already created a new account and everything
what’s your cost basis and how many shares?
Fuck yeah SQ!  

https://markets.businessinsider.com/stocks/sq-stock
Can someone explain SNAP to me. I'm not even a boomer, but God damn that shit is so fucking overrated.
Same fucking boat man. What happened to MP??
Do you guys use Stock, Options, Futures, Fundamentals, and Technicals flairs for looking through posts much? I'm looking at the Futures flair and it's just a pile of garbage.

I'm thinking the label ambiguity might be causing more trouble for us than it's worth. Why spend all day chasing cats into particular boxes? Maybe if we provide a better labeling scheme we'll get less nonsense and it'll be easier to deal with.

Consider posting a news story involving a company as a newer user. Is it Stocks since it's a .. stock? But you're buying options. You could use Options flair. Maybe it's DD because it's important information? If we had a News flair it'd potentially be a catchall for that without even having to have read the rules.

Maybe it just ought to be DD and Discussion for text-based posts. Gain, Loss, and YOLO for positions in various states. News for links to external sites that ostensibly have something to do with us. 

You're left with pictures of charts that probably could go in a new flair called Chart, then any media that is left over would probably be a Meme, instead of how it is now where people just smuggle their memes past automod by posting them as Satire.

DD, Discussion, Gain, Loss, YOLO, News, Chart, Meme. Does that sound reasonable? Would anyone mourn the loss of our current scheme? If anything it'd be nice for what kind of equity it is to be another set of labels on top of whether it's discussion, link, news, etc, but we can't do that.
Yeet
I know its gonna pop in 2021 just not in the first 2 weeks, it was more promising a few months ago.
Fuck you
I don't know. It's definitely in my consciousness now. And I have an understanding of what makes the trade itself worthwhile, regardless of the actual company. 

- Pershing comp structure aligned with shareholders
- Large SPAC size does seem to suggest a quality acquisition
- Price floor - so good optionality
- shares and warrants structure
- institutional holdings (which I admit I poo-pooed as useless)

What do you think about a long-dated options trade on this?

I'm thinking 17 DEC 21 $40c.
So if grindr terminated that profile in favor of the dude,  what's to stop the ex from make 5 more of the same accounts.  It's the user (ex) not the service that needs to be stopped.
Sheesh yall are a tough crowd lol. I bought at $25 and at $45 I hold $10k in shares
I just like their OS like I stick with Robinhood bc the app is sleek and pretty.

Android is like Interactive Brokers. Efficient but ugly as fuck to use haha
Made some good money w this stock. Been in for a few months. Excited for the potential upcoming earnings. 😎

This is not financial advise..
Open Vanguard -> Buy -> Reopen Vanguard after you retire
[deleted]
Might have to. When options get adjusted most of the time they just turn into trash. Illiquid. It’s unfortunate.
I'm getting very tired of this ride.
Same lmao
What’s the one on the right?
Im feeling rly fucking down right now Im heavy in MP and PLTR (both shares) and ive been getting fucked the past two days someone give me some serious guidance pls :(
this week????
Mitch refused to give even that. He was blocking the $600 until they learned in polling it was hurting them in the GA elections. Had there not been a special run off election, you wouldn’t even be getting that.
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** DASH Crashing to Earth 🚀 🌍 💥

**URL:** https://redd.it/kmvs7f
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=kmvs7f) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/weastcoastal11, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
naeemerkonge
quiveringmass
OverpricedBagel
apple mooning, bearfags restricted.
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
Just shares
[deleted]
I’ve spent close to $1000 on the megamillions lottery and I’ve never won a single prize. What are the odds of that happening?
Must be busy behind Wendy’s bro 🥳
Dude 100+ ? You sure coz I scared to buy more
[deleted]
Gotta love Congress
I get BURNED every time into earnings. Every single god damn time. Bought heavily into fedex before earnings, they beat EPS by 20% and their best quarter ever in history, stock is down over 10% since then. I always buy options 6+ months to not time earnings, this has been my best strategy, usually owning leaps depending on pricing
[deleted]
Exactly
Ohhhh this was way before 2020.  
The gluten free I mean.  The pp sucking is new.
Dude did you not recognize our Lord and savior J-Pow.
The irony is that Peter Thiel is definitely playing some sort of 4D chess by trying to delay the apocalypse or something

https://www.businessinsider.com/peter-thiel-is-trying-to-save-the-world-2016-12
$135C exp 12/31
Someone pointed out the RH E was mooning.

It was going nuts and had halted already that day (I think).

It was at $12 and BOUNCHING $1 up down like crazy, I watched for a minute and bought 500 shares at market, refreshed and saw I got them at $11.80.

I put a sell order at $12.99 and they sold for $13.20

1 minutes and 50 seconds later it halted out hitting $15 and insta dropped to $10, it opened 2 hours later at $6 and dropped to $2

I nearly got whacked but got out with under 2 minutes to spare.

lol

I won't do that again...for a few weeks
Degenerates, but even Ellen love our shit! 

Rich enough that we don’t even have to tell em that we rich
Yeah but if it gives you mantits no one will want to [touch](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3875854/) it
Cybernut 2077
[deleted]
That’s actually true. Shit.
I’m sitting on 1/15 35c, this will finally put SLV gang behind me thankfully
[deleted]
u got some calls you want to buy? i'll sell you jan $20? $25?
I think that might be delusions of grandiosity getting to you there
shares???
[deleted]
Trump is going to declare nuclear war on Georgia
Making fun of bears at this point is just being a sore winner. They’re already dead 😀
Beer tastes better outta the white fridge and you know it.
If you think of GME as B&M then you’re not clued-in to how they’re pivoting their business model and this play isn’t for you
GME is up 2 pesto tortellini’s and a baguette in France!
senate considers

lmfao
nasty ^^
Yeaaaaaah I’m down like 2.7k this year but hey the ride up and down has been really fun
I have 10k in sunnova stock right now bought 5k at like $25 and bought $5k more at $45. nothing insane but I have been adding to that all year. TBH I am a pussy with my money and calls are overpriced. all I am saying is this stock is a sure bet knowing this industry as well as i do. When the hundreds of people I know in this industry are back out grinding when people arent so pussy about this virus anymore sales will go through the roof🚀🚀🚀
Could have been a cascade of stop loss triggering but probably a bunch of tp 🖐🤚🌈🐻
Shares here too
Makes sense
It’s up $0.06 in premarket...so you’re on the right track.  I bought in yesterday, so I’m really rooting for you.
Will you watch?
[deleted]
i feel sad for OP

[https://www.reddit.com/r/MadOver30/comments/d16twx/how\_do\_you\_deal\_with\_not\_having\_a\_best\_or\_many/](https://www.reddit.com/r/MadOver30/comments/d16twx/how_do_you_deal_with_not_having_a_best_or_many/)

&#x200B;

but hen i read the other comments in his own tax thread and he is telling people to die of covid since theydisagree with him. aaand there is redpill posts sprinkled in there. 

christ. 

i'm nto sad at all. if you want to go in the market with 250k know wtf u are doing. or don't cry about losing money
Putting 600 free dollars into GME
Tell me why I shouldn’t buy IWM  $200c feb 19
Clearly we're the taint
Nah man we the ischial tuberosity
Almost all true except stainless steel is the goal. Fuck the white fridge this ain’t 1997.
What happened to that? I miss those days.
this is correct ... diamond hands though
Sec 🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨
Calls on HD for Behr paints
[deleted]
Jesus Christ man, I know it’s 2020 but damn that’s depressing.
Yesterday BABA gained over 6% in HK market which the US market followed right after. The BABA drama is dying down, and keep in mind, BABA is a huge impact in China. Basic economics and common sense tell me everything will most likely be okay, and BABA will recover, as well as grow due to its future projections.

BABA is up almost 6% in HK market today, again. Pretty sure the same thing will follow in US market tomorrow. I’m already printing so much money off my calls I bought from last week. I genuinely believe it’s not too late, and tomorrow might be your last chance to get in comfortably at a good price.

Join the China gang, print some money with me. Just make sure you’re buying leap calls. Weeklies are death traps.

BABA and NIO 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀
More like a dump for the past few weeks brah
Me 2...🚀
ARKK go up
After college I’m also planning on moving to Texas. I feel like more tech giants will follow Tesla and Oracle.
Should I trust an online stranger? 🧐
Planitar pleas fly again 🚀🚀🚀
you have now reassured me that the bottom is in.
I’ve finished all 10 seasons 4 months ago on HBO.  Maybe the took it off and brought it back
If AAPL hits ATH tomorrow I'll bust a nut to Tim Apple
BeHrs r fUk!
[deleted]
Tldr
Yo, how is everyone a millionaire? Can someone hire me
Haven't done enough research yet but M F H is a maybe
Take it easy man! You don’t gotta destroy me lmaooo 😢
Far more so even then 5 months ago
thats the play
Just fuck already you two
The balls mf, the mf balls
don't panic sell
I believe he’s saying apple is going to fuck bears. And he is 100% correct.

“S&P edges higher, oil advances as Senate considers expanded stimulus”

Bruh what?
What club is that? Asking rhetorically
Thanks for the clarification
Sell to close is to buy to open what buy to close is to sell to open.

Did you get that? Good.
Ain't got no manners for no sluts
Noise cancellation makes my right ear drum hurt for a second when it activates.  Am I dying?
The bull should be hitting the bear raw from behind, other than that good work!
Damn you got me excited
Bears in shambles, still
I read “gaping” and I’m in.
Speak for yourself brokeboi I have a job the checks steady rolling
Buy more PLTR????? Great Scott!!
I think they fucked up the currency conversion
Is Stock Moe your teacher?!?

Just kidding :)
Interesting.. might look into it further.
WSB is supposed to be somewhere in the crotch of the market but I wonder which part we are. Probably the vas deferens but idk
Fuck 600 and 2000 just give us 1300 whaddya say
Sold PLTR at the bottom to pay off a credit card. I hate it but I know it was the right thing to do.
Hopefully it’s not a Tuesday again. I lost too much and hope it recovers 😅 but people are taking profits since it’s the end of the year
My wife turned me gluten free.  A beer might send me into toxic shock at this point.  Yep, just some hard ciders for this old boy now.  And sucking penises.
Honestly I read halfway & it was giving me a headache. I bought more shares on the dip anyway.
 Yeah fuck stick is about right.  Block user it is.
[deleted]
I remember like 5 months ago, the night threads were literally 100% "bears in shambles" or vice versa, what happened to this sub
So you gonna buy in?
saaaaaaaaame
Positions or ban
PLTR trading at $20 In Mozambique. Shits being used as fertilizer over there wtf
manipulation
What
I know this is probably a stupid question, but what the fuck is up with the price targets for BABA on CNN?Lowest is like $1700!
[deleted]
[removed]
PLTR is so gapping right back up to $28 tomorrow. No doubt about it.
ALL IN ON $PLTR🚀
Well yeah I see that you fucking fuck. 

😍😍
Cash app me real quick
# AAPL🚀👉⭕🐻
My right hand is still relevant
[deleted]
lies
Leaps in March, they’ve multiplied in value. ER calls a month ago. But it’s not too late to get in, so long as you understand the play is to hold until the ER. I have no idea what apple will do tomorrow, or next week. But I know it will have an historic ER.
Wiener
Red
Seriously, post your postions.  You're not allowed.to tell people how to play the game if you've got no chips on the table yourself.
🧢
Yeah I hope its not one of those start green for 2 minutes and then plunge red for the next 2 hours
Buy 1000x puts strike 50, 1000 calls strike 65? Can’t go tits up?
$DXY is falling and $SLV is not mooning to $30. Wtf fam.
What does the entire article says? Are there any rockets for put?
Seems like an expensive, ultimately useless hobby.
🤬
Pls no
Why not 2600?
I haven't done any research. Do you mind to share the reason why it will be a half trillion company? Is it because of AI?
This is the correct answer.
Not going to lie, I hope it’s green, but it’ll probably be red.
Jan '22 75/125 call spreads for $10.50
What dip? We goin to another galaxy tomorrow.
I’ll way save this screenshot for when I’m 75 looking back at my years. Pretty much Same what happened to me been chasing the money (high) ever since
Everyone’s ultimate goal on here is just to have a 2 car garage with a white refrigerator in it filled with 3/4 cheap beer and 1/4 random craft beers that nobody is really sure where they came from, and a bottle of that shitty margarita mix that nobody likes.
Sir this is wendy's
[removed]
[deleted]
Mitch the Bitch, please scratch my itch
Missionary.  My pp too small for any others.
[deleted]
Today I went all in on AAPL and then bought AirPods. Just the $150 ones but I’m doing my best here.
i need NET to go up 20% just for my calls to break even
Woooow you spoke with Peter Thiel? What did you guys talk about beyond PLTR price?
Are we getting 600 or 2k
NIO and PLTR are goners
Do yourself a favor and cash out.
Aka u/deepfuckingvalue
What the hell do you know about genomics companies, especially picking these winners. Wouldn't have even been my top 3.
What is the legal argument if the body armor is not NIJ certified and can companies just stop certifying them?
Divorce rape lowering the marriage rates
Isn't it about time for this sub to get some new meme stocks? It has pretty much been the same tickers for past 4 months.
near-term picture literally doesn't matter

learn to stonk market
I’m 💎🖐🤚 as all fuk but that stop today was from SSR. Exactly 10%. We got caught looking at each others rage rockets and Melvin tried to butt fuck us like the 🌈🐻 do.  Keep your head on a swivel and send those fucking bears to hell
this one is rich

[https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kgi3fo/bloombergs\_interview\_with\_brandon\_smith/ggfwb6l?utm\_source=share&utm\_medium=web2x&context=3](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kgi3fo/bloombergs_interview_with_brandon_smith/ggfwb6l?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x&context=3)
Are we having a green or red day tomorrow? The fact that stimulus checks started going out Tuesday night was really big news.
POsitions avg price or ban
To be faaaaair
Wow with posts like this they should just change this subs name to r/circlejerk
"Uhhh Cramer talked about us uhhh" *fap fap*
"Uhhh other subs are full of retards uhh"
I like this sub but calm tf down
Doenst mean you have to invest in T, GE, XOM you fucking doorknob.
30 days? That’s nothing. Some people have that multiple times
That always sounds good as well. Also try “Electric Sunrise” from Plini
If you understand the risk and are willing to take it you don’t need WSB to clarify it for you.  It is a risk, you would could potentially be holding an asset with a cost basis of $73 that is only worth $62 or whatever.  Yes, you could then sell something further out for more premium, but keep in mind that that same strike will now be cheaper, bad for you in this case, (further OTM) due to the decreased price of the underlying and possibly even a decrease in IV , the premium could be a fraction of what you were hoping for.  It sounds like you think that this is a no lose situation and that is simply not the case or else everyone would be doing it.  

That being said, yes, you can make money doing it and the odds may even be in your side, statistically speaking.  The rule of thumb is typically only sell csp or cc on an underlying that you are comfortable holding long term, or, possessing the skills/knowledge needed to manage a position if it goes against you, including knowing when to just get out and accept your loss and walk away, rather than continuing fight for a “win”. 

You have already done the math on the margin cost so you know what the risk is.  Just remember that if it blows up you still need to pay it back and will be forced to liquidate other positions or assets.  

To clarify, yes you can use margin as collateral or to purchase a stock to sell premium against.  Just adds another layer of risk to your portfolio if shit hits the fan. 

r/thetagang and r/options will be able to help you more than WSB.  In the past WSB used to shit on people pretty hard for asking these types of questions, it was expected, just an FYI.
Down to my last 2k, what calls am i buying ☹️
No, then the price of the target company would be too high. 

Buyouts happen when price is depressed (I.e. when Celgene bought BMY)
price action witchcraft
Chill bro
strike and expiry please
P/E ratio: N/A 🤡🤡🤡🤡
[deleted]
Worst case you make an extra 15k on your covered calls in 2 weeks, I have the same play but didn't sink in 300k.  That's assuming I'm reading it correctly
He's in the young girl club too?
covid KD ratio lower than expected 

nice
Why you stealing my 5 year backwoods plan tho
Well hell Ricky I was high when I said that! That don’t make sense. Hell you can be second, third, forth, hell even fifth! See you when you’re grown up.
Glad to have survived into this round.
If you sell far enough OTM you'd only sell your shares if the strike price was met. As long as your CC beats your average buy in then you are only locking in profit the way I see it. Unless you're in for the long haul and don't want to sell if it spikes up on a weekly of course.
[deleted]
thanks
Holy shit I was just thinking the other day how hard it was to search for emoijs
I would have never imagined that I would become a $AMZN bagholder, still down 30%, how did I fail you Jeff
Trading under inaq
>marriage rates at record lows

Just wait until the sex robots become mainstream
Have you mastered the skin flute yet?
Go to /pennystocks if you want to pump this stuff.

Low float stocks like the one you mentioned are primed for pump and dumps. You know exactly what you're doing. Don't get me wrong, pennies are great for big gains but the vast majority of them are shit and collect bag holders on every spike.

Just looked at the stock you mentioned, literally a pump and dump.
Probs not good to ride the mania long term
Edit: or more midterm just check out how Cisco and other giants fared marketcap wise after the Dotcom boom i.e. they still haven’t reached their previous highs
Holy shit... maybe trading isn’t for you... no... that’s not at all what average down means.
me first call, ah, i remember it like it was yesterday... back in february of last year. SPCE hype was all over WSB. My trembling fingers  pushed buy as I used my whole 2 weeks wendy’s paycheck to buy a $40 SPCE call 2 weeks out... The very next day i got 100% returns.. i wish i can go back to that moment, standing there making minimum wage thinking how i’m gonna quit my job and become a stock trader. lost it all the very next month in AMD calls when corona virus hit. brings my to tears.
“Find out the trick he uses to buy meme stonks”
Thank god lmao
[removed]
so you want to make a lot of money just to bury it in the woods?

you belong here my friend
[deleted]
I’m begging for a huge gap up at open for ARKK.
[deleted]
Lol is that ur actual name though? Cuz I was just referencing Blacks ops 1
Why everyone bitching about other nations lying on their reports to moon their stonks?

We can lie too.
Read for yourself

https://www.griproom.com/fun/it-looks-like-gilead-is-about-to-merge-with-roche
[deleted]
If it was really a loan from a family member you'd probably need at least an informal written agreement showing the terms of the loan, otherwise you'd be taxed as if it was a gift.
Tesla was flat dropping consistently until this mega dick SP inclusion set it alight.  The monster cock seems tamed for now.  Now may be a good time for Tesla puts.
That's not how biotechs work.  You release the big news first,  pump the share price then get even more from a buyout. 

Like why take 75 if they could get 125 a month later?
Imagine not buying the di.... oh wait were already balls deep no money left to do that
Should have done that before they joined the S&P.   It’s going to stay at $660 for a decade.
I feel you but I also hit the gong a few too many times today and that always ruins rim sleep.
I don’t need to get into the details but 
1) XRP is the project it might get a security tag...that doesn’t end things
2) XRP is most used outside of USA by countries that doesn’t consider it a security.
3) I don’t believe it goes to zero and with the new administration coming in a compromise will be reached that will be applied to other projects in the same position...
All good brother - thanks for the note. Looking forward to riding this thing out, bumps and all, since the straight up math of this whole situation  means this ends in only one possible way. Just an exercise in patience. There’s any number of triggers that could set this shit off. What a time to be alive. 🤙
htf did you do that? An account I've had for so long was banned and I'd love to resurrect if possible
XPEV $60 EOD
Maybe choose a diff ticker
Green futures. The color of poison. Not gonna open my app. Nope I aint selling either bears.
Holding dbx calls til i can buy an aston martin dbx
margin call
so you are saying that Sir JAL cashed out his position? How do you know? Also, how are you so confident its a pump and dump and that the company Bark Box has no potential? I'm not saying I agree or disagree but just wondering your thought process.
Thinking about learning to play the cello.

Any comment?
[deleted]
[https://www.thepioneerwoman.com/food-cooking/recipes/a81975/snickerdoodles/](https://www.thepioneerwoman.com/food-cooking/recipes/a81975/snickerdoodles/)
That's stupid. You're stupid, probably.

Gonna throw $60 at it for like 10 contracts, in case you're actually onto something.
I got a perma ban, do you know if itll lift after a while or whether that account is just dead
Just buy leaps on random small caps instead
NIO is dying and burning cash.
Ew! 🍏
[deleted]
Bars 🎶
Reminds me of steel gang cough cough MT
Obviously I want that
[deleted]
Euro peeps need market manipulation too
[removed]
[removed]
[deleted]
Boomer stocks are shit.  T has the same fucking stock price it had in 1995.  It still hasn't recovered from dot com crash even with dividends reinvested.  GE is only alive due to cooking the books and is a penny stock.  XOM will never sniff the largest corporation list again.  Boomer shit is mostly just impaired trash with its best days behind it.
I think I’m going to quit.  

And by quit I mean put my life savings in Tesla shares.  Not look.  Work my job.  Maybe jerk it a few times here and there.  

Check back in five years and hopefully have enough money to start a new life in the backs woods with all my tendies buried.
Hey at least it was a green month!
Baby monitor battery doesn’t hold a charge anymore. Puts on me until Amazon can deliver. I believe in you Jeffrey.
**You get a Free gun with a full tank of gas as soon as you cross the Texas State line.**


But serious. Stay away. Texas is full.
No, because you are too dumb to not shoot yourself first
Hell yeah.. this series was banger. What a dude Harshad was, fit right in with other retards..
And open carry. HOO rah
EDIT leaps I should charge fees for this
Pretty sure the fucks bears guy got 60 days, and someone else got 69 days
I too would fuck that guys dead magazine
That’s interesting
Huge buyer of FDX. Long June 2021 320c and 300c. They are trading at half the forward PE of the sp500. Just inked a deal with Walmart to handle all their returns. So much good news and rising price targets, stock is way oversold and IV has come down. Also this upcoming quarter will include Black Friday and cyber Monday shipping. Their normal holidays season is to Jan 1, this year it’s to Jan 19. MOST interesting, estimate for next quarter is only 3.33 when they printed over 4.80 last quarter. Not to mention the revenue from their vaccine shipments.This is going to absolutely skyrocket, daily volume is low, when this trend reverses it will move up quickly. Best quarter they ever had in q3 and CEO on their earnings call said next quarter will be better. Forget tendies at Wendy’s when you can BUY the Wendy’s 

Same thing happened in Oct, sold down to 259 then mooned to 300 in a few weeks. BACK THE TRUCK UP

🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Maybe try your Ally.
Shit. I can tell the same story. I want to go back in though, that dumpster fire should be under 5 bucks. Perhaps April or may should be fine in case shit hits the fan and the stupid price doesn’t drop soon enough after the lock down is lifted.
Pltr has 40B market cap and not even profitable. Def overvalued
Where my $600 stimmy going. Which calls???
[deleted]
Nope the young people blood.
Lol. Ive been banned here prob 8 times, and have been suspended from reddit 4 times.
1/15/21 70c
Webull probably considering it is the Wild West of autism
Naval is the only one I pay attention too, although I havent heard of post market...have you listened to a decent amount of Jordan Peterson or only the top youtube video about feminists? Pull up one of his lectures, hes articulate and rooted in science I think your opinion of him will change after an hour or two of listening to non political talks
https://www.griproom.com/fun/it-looks-like-gilead-is-about-to-merge-with-roche
$600 MITCH 
COME ALL OVER YOUR BITCH
Because when I put this together I wanted it to just focus on that, not the total balance. If it were a total drop to zero I'd show it. If someone were to really care just do the math. No big deal
Dang
[deleted]
You better be right I’m putting my life savings of $100 into it
Cos it's morning in the uk
I am also retarded.

Look into a professional tax adviser that knows how to handle the situation. 

You might be able to do something more aggressive than the 3k max capital loss a year.
200k cases yesterday and 3.4k deaths. 

Analyst expected 700k cases and 10k deaths. 


Dow futures up 900 points as covid cases/deaths were way below analysts estimates.
I got a permaban reversed does that count?
It looks like the last few days have wiped out a big fraction of this sub, the premarket looks green but volume on this thread is still low. 🤡🤡🤡
If you ain’t first, you’re last.
Great, green futures again. Expect a repeat of the last two days.
https://i.imgur.com/9zQMPLK.jpg

Anyone in lazr calls with me?
Open an account with a bank that has a brokerage account as well, makes it really easy to folo in paychecks the second they arrive for mo fee. Charles scwab is my option
That’s what they say
Good call, might check out those and Payless Footwear leaps tmr
Bruh, welcome to the club!
No, you
Like they weren’t around for ages. 

That doesn’t mean you can’t sell and have to marry the stock clown
Bought some green candles for tomorrow
Seeing more bearish GME sentiment on here has proved positive for the last few months 😊
this aged well young grassanus
😉
My mans going to be turning big rocks into little rocks for the rest of his life
Or get the cum and covid off the used discs.
Goddamnit Ricky. That was some of the most insane driving I’ve ever seen!
No, it’s yours
You’re the Karen here bud.
hey how's spy 390 looking fucko
[deleted]
Nah it’s because you’re a gay
Everyone talking like they lose money but as far as I can see they only really lost $800k, as the rest was a share issue to their employees through the IPo - am I missing something?
Acid trip after losses.  No thank you sir.  I’ll stick to a nice warm glass a milk.
You got some sources or info I can read about this?
Has anyone been banned longer than me?
They get laid by flat women
How did my call go down $$200 after hours. 
Edit: at 10pm
Merrill if you use Bank of America
[deleted]
Xpev $5 tmr
You’re gonna be waiting awhile
What's next?
Peter Thiel just called me to chat and catch up and I forgot to ask him anything about the market until right after he hung up. Fuck. I guess this is why he talks to me at all though
Wtf how do you kno my govt name?
TD
But the toilet stalls allow you to kick the bears crawling under the walls in the face when they try and touch your penis
😫

👕

🩳🍆✊💦

🦵
[deleted]
Bitch the Mitch? Puts on your Bitch, and that coward named Mitch
Doctors say it could prevent both colon and prostate cancer
Get off your high horse everyone here is a degenerate gambler, scam stocks come in all shapes and sizes.
I took a great part of the pie when it ran up after er 13-22, nearly a 2x in a matter of days, can you really see this going to 20-36s, surely we have better plays, and all those buyers arent gonna baghold for long when they're out we won't even know.  Look at the beginning of the week when it mooned premarket to obliviate.  Expect some serious sideways to downwards motion til next er.  Are we denying streaming and going with  B&M gaming is the game.  sure I'll partake in another buy the dip but won't be a fool bagholding a blockbuster 2.0 in the works.
Peep the two peaks at >30k in September and December 😂
I need more confirmation bias first
[deleted]
Damn, that would be like a 100 blllion dollar buyout. Who’s got deep pockets like that? Pfe? abbv?
[deleted]
$215c $V 1/29
[deleted]
Fa gg ott automod won’t let me say it tf is this bullshit
No way it's starlink. What business do they even have?
Maybe, just maybe, that is the reason for him making fucking tendies, while we gamble our money away on short dated options...
Pretty much, especially if you’re friend is the only other dude in the bathroom.  Like when you get out of a movie with your buddy and you both go to piss, but he uses the stall.
What’s with this overnight vaccine approval news? I thought that was typically reserved for pre-market.
Calls on Sizzler and Mervyns
> Even if we go with an Apple-ish market share of 20%

Just getting 10% would be pretty insane when you look at manufacturers market share today.
Go Beavs brotha! ✊’12
I'm still holding my breath, red as fuk on BABA lol
Oh yeah, damn, you fucking suck. I'm only down $2,800 (8% for the week) but what's funny is my crpyto money. Saving my ass for months now
GME should do what Ford does and offer customer discounts if you own 100 GME shares
Who bought Hertz?
Lower taxes
We buying GME on the dip in the morn boys right? 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
[deleted]
What do the numbers mean mason?
mitch power bottoms for elaine
Seriously, Mike Pence, I told you to stop it before we have to put you in time out.
Samesies
Listen to Masego, Tokio, or James Blake real quick. If you listen to James Blake, check out “Mike High”
Something I had noticed for like 3 weeks now but just decided to comment bc of how useful it’s become to me
Mitch is the kinda guy that donates cum soaked wife beaters to Goodwill
[deleted]
Nvm may tendies rain upon you
Just spoke with Thiel, PLTR $33 all but guaranteed
never said i had man tits
Urinals are the worst, I would go with Mitch on this one
It's probably a dank play no joke. I'll let you know if you do the same
At $5.65 per contract thats a trade I'll be considering.

Thank you for the valuable discussion.
[deleted]
Take your penny stock nonsense elsewhere
TDOC
Did he owe them money?
Less junkies though.
If you filed taxes with direct then yes if not then they send check
Fuck this is funny
Damn dunno then, mine was just direct deposited
[removed]
No, you
haha best thing I've ever seen!

 u/DeepFuckingValue
Is that a small Dick thing?
I think its fine.... you sucessfully lost money on the market so you're entitled to a tax return.... you legally borrowed money, and still need to pay that 100k back....

This is not legal advice. I am also retarded.
Death of 2020 is funny as hell. Watch it on Netflix.
Section 230 isnt an opt in thing. It just is and it applies to all websites that host 3rd party content.
[deleted]
Those guys don't sound like real friends to me.
Damn, that sucks but I guess people adapt. $310/month, at least they get a place to sleep. $310/month gets you a half a cardboard box in SF probably.
Lost my job in March- put all the money i made from stimmy 1.0 and UIA into the market when everything was cheap- made a nice return. learned options by june/july. quickly switched from holding shares to holding only options. at the time- i thought stocks only go up so i was balls deep in a bunch of calls. Telsa Rocket Livongo Penn all of them. made more in july and august than i did in 2018 and 2019 combined.

lost almost half my portfolio in the early september crash - about 40k - thats when i stopped being dumb and started incorporating puts more often. 

all in all, since march, i'm up a cool 1000% and have found a new job yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee

what gets me is - why tf did i go to college when i could have just been buying stocks with that money.also, i feel like i've learned more about the economy, business, and sociology this past year by following the market than i did with my degree- and my degree is in economics! 40k in Amazon 6 years ago would definitely be over 200k by now. 

i got into stocks just this year because i was always thought you have to pay $8 per trade, meaning you need to have $10000s to make a risky profit, so i never got into it. 

absolutely ridiculous some people had to deal with that boomer shit lmaoo
Yep
Same, positions?

I have $210p Jan 8 2021
You can call me the Oracle of penny stocks... called it on O X B R hitting above 3, would've been ~100%

https://www.reddit.com/r/retardbets/comments/kjtqs9/comment/gh0uqrf

https://www.reddit.com/r/retardbets/comments/kjtqs9/comment/gh0v7vc
[deleted]
Ya I feel dumb for being in BABA at 260 on 11/11. Not for doubting the bottom. I thought 11/11 was the bottom.

Full disclosure: I got 300 shares of BABA and 5 1/15 270c 1/15 calls, 3/21 280c.
Yes, GILD is at 7-year low.  Prime for buyout.
If that's really common it's because people have to repress their feelings and everything becomes taboo. If you low key know your daughter is hot but you're not allowed to feel that way about her then the taboo makes it kinky and might make you want to take it in a kinkier direction and develop outright sexual urges and tension and if that does happen to a lot of fathers (idk if it really does) then hell yeah that would obviously impact the emotional development of their daughters. For me if I think my daughter is hot in her adolescent years I won't think there's anything wrong with me for feeling that way and I'll just appreciate being her dad so there wouldn't really be any sexual tension to drive escalating urges or anything like that. Letting society's bullshit stranglehold your mind is just toxic af and it's important for one's mental health to accept that you don't have to let lies from idiots make you insecure about your natural feelings because that's how you go from doing some natural shit like looking at how pretty your daughter is and being happy about it to doing some bizarre shit like subliminally flirting with your daughter and giving her weird trust issues.
Following daddy Elon
You’ll be safer here than there
[deleted]
That dude definitely uses TD ameritrade
Lol you’re a special kind of retarded aren’t you
Or you can just watch youtube videos 🤡
[deleted]
Tbh if there’s no evidence their vaccines work on the new strains, I’d be pretty bearish
SHO regulation is left to the SRO. 

SEC doesn't get involved beyond the monthly consolidated report of the failures to deliver.
I need to stop napping during the day cuz I can’t fucking sleep
Literally will be the happiest fucker on the block
Covid Christmas cases ER expected around 1/15 (delay for holidays) very bullish on case # beat
Nice
Never

You’re fucked
Been sitting on 500. Will buy another 200 tmr. Not selling!
Lmaooooooo
> I sold it at $9.62 and now is at $5.85. 

When did you sold the contracts? Seems like an IV  drop and/or theta decay to me. I sold $24P 1/15, they're now more than what I sold them for.
Why u moving?
Mitch is the kinda guy that will use one of the toilet stalls to piss, when all the urinals are open.
Nice one
Not if you’re moving to Austin. Basically as if you never left the bay
No one has ever done that before. Apple to 1000
[removed]
🤪
Exp?
News came out a day earlier you retard, stop roping more people into your belief system, I.e. gamble https://www.google.com/amp/s/appleinsider.com/articles/20/12/29/the-top-nine-smartphones-activated-on-christmas-were-iphones/amp/

It’s priced the fuck in, hence today happened. Did you even read the report?
Maybe
Dude sushi after acid sounds Fuking dope goooooodluck in the future bro hopefully it was only a few stacks
Dafuck does does a diversifrier cook???????
Why?
Their comments sections would be included though.
FDIC insured anyway
[deleted]
Nah, been up
And they never seem to look Italian either... huh
Was a public company
Expensive gamble. 

Maybe I can go from $100 to $10k??
Those sub are absolutely toxic encouraging that you live in poverty. Work 20+ year for the overlord and hopefully live long enough to enjoy the fruit of your labor.  A milli or bust.
Wouldn’t that make a buyout more likely?
OP is racist.
double bottom confirmed on dollar
Moving from bay area to TX, do I need a gun to survive
Well you really want it to go 240+ and expire there to see max profit.
Lumber liquidators is a public company?!
Fucking shoulda taken profit on my spy put intraday
Damn, I appreciate posts like this that balance out all of the self fellating meme stock lovers. We need a little grounding from time to time.

That said, I’m still riding Cathy’s Ark to the 🌙
Probably announcing that they're going bankrupt. Jan 15th 50p
What’s this “our generation” shit?  I’m the same age as the dead guy and still think exactly like I did at 20.
Duh fuk I just read
Dude you’re so cool
oh god no
Did you file your taxes lmaooo cause that’s where they deposit it
Yeah redundant but just to drive it home.
they got your porn history and will black mail you with it
Quality of life tho. F that put me down before 80.
INSU right?
It gets complicated. The troubles of the world has something to do with the city/rural divide. The industrial revolution and the rent seeking/crowding into cities and wealth inequality that followed created the rise of facism and communism. 

Basically people were largely rural prior to the industrial revolution. Each person with their 100 acres of farm land kinda gives each person their own space. The industrial revolution comes along and you now get the benefit of economies of scale and factories and workers crowd into the cities starting in the early 1900s, this create extreme rent seeking (tenement housing) extreme wealth inequality and massive boom send busts. If creates a kinda mimetic feedback loop. Post Great Depression the us went about spreading people out and got lucky in that it kinda recreated the original dynamics of the Jeffersonial farmer family except with the suburbs, this reduced mimetic competition and led to reduced rent seeking and set off an economy boom. Starting in the 80s, this went back into reverse and we concentrate back into the cities again. This leads to increased pressures on rent seeking (crazy rent in big cities) and misery (millennials squeezed into tiny apartments) and recreates a lot of the similar societal pressures of the 1930s, hence you see antifa and right wing fighting in the streets. The proper thing to do is encourage remote working and rebuilding rural infrastructure so people can spread out, get more land and rebuild agency again. The entrepreneur behind every garage, etc. but modernized, maybe you need self driving cars that can go 200 mph so you can live in a rural castle you bought cause land was cheap but can still go to downtown or edge cities for dinner in 30 minutes. 

I am still kinda working on these ideas because this is what’s needed to save civilization from chaos.
[deleted]
NIO, baba, HD, ICLN, all bought on the dip today....I just want to make some tendies babe
[removed]
Gme or psth
[deleted]
Lighten up Francis.  Yeah won't be seeing me pimping meme stocks.
Aight check my comment history in a minute if automod doesn’t snipe me
I agree, but copying it would be indistinguishable from uploading it to everybody else. Important distinction nonetheless.
Top 9 holdings in ARKG dropped a good amount today. Not sure why biotech companies all decided to drop today but should expect at least a small bounce from here.
Who TF wants to live passed 80? 

Sounds miserable AF!
👍🏼
Fuck the europoors
With advancements in modern science and my high level of income it’s not unrealistic to think I’ll live to 300, maybe 350
No it’s about not punishing the platform for its users speech. Repealing the law would kill all user content sites.
With the magic of ARKG
[deleted]
Bro now is the time to buy. Average down but not on shitty $29 strike. Just bought today gdxj $50C 15/21 gonna print big tendies
[deleted]
Ah! Yes! I read the entirety of your post (the day you posted it), thanks so much! Your post was what made me buy GME shares and subscribe to this subreddit, so thank you!


I can read unlike all these other autists. I'm still a retard though


I've been reading about options since like... April, and finally bought by first call for GME for 4/16/20 25c. Anyways, I owe you many thanks! To the moon! 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Put a Mitch facemask on her. Hmmm yeah
Ow damn same for me, so you just woke up?
Does this mean cocaine..
......... those spinal injuries though ..... 🤣
I mean, 500 shares at IPO and 200 more at $15. I have also made a fuckton on premium when I sold leaps and then the price dropped. My cost basis on the 700 shares is like $7.75. I am good, but still, fuck the MM.
Calls on cow shit! Isn't rice seed just...rice?
I hate Richard Allan.
Sorry am I supposed to take advice from a stoned retard? Bet it all on PLTR weeklies for all I care you moron
the confounding variables here are simply that we are in a holiday week with lower volume and people tax harvesting, that's why the value of both dropped.  so you're seeing a direct correlation between lower ARK inflows and dropping components when that correlation is explained by said confounding variables.  to establish such a correlation you'd have to have much more data than just one day.
So you wanted price to stay between 230-240 - is that correct?
Sure
Same.
Unburden this awful wealth on me too.
Let me help you shoulder this heavy burden.
I aim to help out wayward sons of billionaires.
lol im ded
lol have you seen our generation? Fat, poor, and autistic. We might not make it past 2020.
Mr. Wonderful doesn't eat subway
I hope u don’t diamond hand. You can make back with 90k that u have left elsewhere
#FUCKIN MY BITCH
#STILL THINKIN ABOUT MITCH

#🇺🇸
ARKG gonna moon tomorrow.
Strike and exp? Im going in all-in brother
You're a bold man living a bold life. I couldn't do that shit lol
Tigers teeth have got to be pretty god damn valuable.
Can you Day trade endlessly now?
When did you buy the calls and LEAPs?
Very successful often make this fatal mistake. After being wildly successful, it gets to their head then they try to have a second legacy. Bad move.

Steve Jobs thought he could figure out the cure for cancer.
Probably to this guy

https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kmmuco/what_are_your_moves_tomorrow_december_30_2020/ghh6ybx?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share&context=3
Any of you famed investors ever hear of a company called planeteer? I think they make excel macros or something to do with EVs?
Do you get stimulus if you make over 100k? Asking for a friend
Yeah I’ve had multiple referrals before hand, if you do a new one before the 3rd you should get three stocks.
Yes,  it instead of 10% off, you get double points.
Do you have any tips for playing options on $SPY?
You finna Coca Cola?
Imagine thinking Louisiana is first world.
The game, you lost it.
Always some boomer fuck waiting to use the stall and making eye contact too
Those bastards
Flip your phone upside down, it uses the gyroscope in your phone to change color scheme
Double diversify?
Quick! did you convert back?  Need some our fathers stat!
Scrolling through wsb. Going ice skating later today! Currently 2 am here
Is this an actual event?
$1k -> $100k by Jan 15

GILD announcing something big at JPM Biotech conference January 11th. Buyout very likely before than.

My positions (expecting a 100-bagger):

Jan 15 $75c
Wait until you read about the Hong Kong [coffin apartments](https://www.theatlantic.com/photo/2017/05/the-coffin-homes-of-hong-kong/526881/)
They have a event coming up near the end of next month so maybe?
What fumes? It has major investors involved, and I’m not just talking about Burry and Cohen. Blackrock has taken a large stake in GME, along with many other notable firms. Only retards that think that a company will always operate how it has previously are the ones that are missing the bigger picture.
Bringing out the rainbow tail just for him
Pretty fucking cool how Apple put a search bar when you’re looking for an emoji so you can just find it quick. 

Thanks Tim Apple, very cool!
That was just a kiss. Now imagine if a real Chad tells her "I play TSLA FDs on margin." That's a real panty dropper right there.
Lol
What’s the news?
Love love love
Yeah passing a bill to “investigate voter fraud” is like passing a bill to investigate whether the moon landing was faked.
I bet u feel pretty dumb
i was also thinking of selling my car and buying 100 shares of tesla to sell covered calls on.  Is this a better idea?
If you dont know what they do then you best not comment. They deliver anything and everything  but stick to PLTR and GME im sure you will go far...shits gonna change in 2021 and anyone whose somewhat informed knows that emerging markets aka China is where the money will be flowing
Found the gay bear
Throw your phone against the wall.

Red gone.
[deleted]
Girls with daddy problems for me is: where dads subconsciously and half consciously want to fuck their daughters. This effects the the behavior development of young adult girls 18+ after their teenage years (not a child development major)
Lets talk realquickn
Man
Fuckers in Italy always trying to “give” you friendship bracelets and then wanna make you pay when you walk away smh my head
Stop loss who?
75k
i read something that said our generation is the first to be expected to live 120 years +
[removed]
Where’s the excitement in that?
Bro lol this is the only check we’re getting 🤡
Lmaoo it’s 75k did you get the first one?
Like JCPenny and CBL?
I don't see it going below $6 or so. I'd even consider buying if it does get down there. It should get back to near $8 at least. After that, I don't know. 

Of course, a market crash could change everything I said.
Ms Cleo said so
Whats up everyone? What are you guys up to rn? Waiting for replies.
All in already. I suggest a ban for everyone who abandons our fight in this urgent time of need
do guys with man tits still get laid? or is that a thing of the past?
Perfect
Nah it’s so you know if someone is in the stall shitheads
You going to be wearing your furry outfit for hunter?
Fuck your put
Wait do you not get stimulus if you make over 100k?
faggeta bout it
[deleted]
41 year old congressman: *dies*

Americans: Yeah well he was **old**.

Imagine being a first world country and thinking 41 years old is "old age".
The first tech pump'n'dump
Getting my shares called at a price higher than my avg cost basis is a risk I'm willing to take
Basically Palantir among other early tech companies in data age represent the preservation of western tech dominance and a hedge against Chinese growth and eventual dominance over us. Controlled gradual growth preserves safety mechanisms and decision making that are good for the companies Interests instead of pumping it to the moon based on essentially nothing. That maybe MMs are guarding against the pump for this reason. 

Then I realized MMs and financial powers that be are nowhere near that coordinated and or smart to even think about the game on these terms. Money drives all, and they are pissed about direct retail listing. Like I said it was beyond retarded. How much Wallstreet truly cares about preserving American dominance isn't clear but from what I can tell from my perspective... they don't care much.
[removed]
[deleted]
Mitch the type of guy to extend the ban on Nunchucks in the new Relief Package.
You’re now infected, retard 🦠
Jesus Christ lmfaooo
Cramer, go to bed bro!
Pretending pedos aren't humans is dehumanizing them and pretending I'm a pedo while pretending pedos aren't humans is in turn dehumanizing me. I already didn't get got by the gaslighting in my adolescent years so you're not gonna get me now as an adult, the only psychological effect this has on me is motivating me to speak out against you
It’s not for every man woman and child. I can’t do DD but I’m in sports medicine so I have seen demos of products similar to (if not this same product, I don’t remember because I’m a not important and don’t have any purchasing power in my position) this.

It’s basically a small ultrasound machine that can fit in a small pouch. You can upload images into your phone which can connect to the cloud. You can look at images or share images in real time. You can determine if tissue is damaged. This can have huge implications for combat/field medics, for athletics, for emergency rescue, and other things my simple mind can’t think of at the moment.
Australian market? Why? To follow just open one with your bank, CommBank, nab and Westpac all have em. Apart from that you can try stake and for options tasty works
[removed]
Baba puts :(
I gave them the info of a sex offender in my area, where is my money gonna go now?
Super volume on Jan 15 42C too.
the economy/stock market or whatever is one big scam, thats the truth of the matter
Why did you black out your balance when it shows you the percentage drop for today?
In Vegas hotels the stall is like a room.
Really? Heh
RIP analfarmer.
they mailed me my shit
[removed]
Fuck that if it’s subway it’ll go below NAV before the merger. I hope to god it’s not fucking subway
Thats why i asked for a link, makes no sense.
Ooh erase loss tab. That sounds handy
Hunter needs to hurry up I want my pizza and the eddys hitting
I should have clarified, that was years ago lol
I use big data analytics for audits. Pltr is going to moon .
2 is a good entry point?
[deleted]
I need to see some RIOT gain porn to hype me up
I YOLOD the margin account on ARKG Pls let me know I’m ok 🥺
Congrats you can daytrade and overtrade into losses even faster!
Lol reminds me of the golden age of IV crush, people shilling Boston whaler and malibu boats and shit because boat deliveries maxed out but forgot the earning numbers were for deliveries the quarter before

They got absolutely ass blasted lmao
https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jwirsb/if_you_aint_getting_into_pltr_youre_missing_out/gcr1x39/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf&context=3
And Palantir.
And then into $1.30 like a true investor.
Oh the industry.  Are you The Man?
Its the same account your last tax return went to yeah
If he's not planning for a tender or a leveraged buyout, what do you think his strategy is with 13% acquired? An amicable way of getting a board seat + a position in the C-suite? The addition of the 3% is the part that's most intriguing to me as it seems arbitrary unless part of some bigger, unspoken strategy.
So dissapointing they started sending it out, the psychological impact of one large check is much better than multiple small ones...and before anyone says it doesnt matter remember our credit system is basically a confidence game
Has it really been that long since April?
PLTR is up to a beaded necklace and a tiger tooth in nigeria
Tbh PLTR is a buy and hold. Its a half a trillion company 10 years from now.
Not that treatable... but didn’t need to go as fast it did
Krampus?
Talk about slow and steady
Ban
basically paperhands
It's to stop the homeless from fucking in there.
[deleted]
I’ve always wondered about super tall people being able to just look over to the next stall lol
This is like Shitron (aka Citron) downgrading PLTR. 👊🏻 WSB haters
I think you’re in the wrong sub, 🌈🐻.
Its called 180 turn around, should be under the erase loss tab in RH.
It’s like Sesame Street, but for poor people
Yeah. I got banned for a bit because of it.



I used it to refer to the plebs over in r/politics and initially thought my ban was because I called them something mean.
Thanks will do
That’s an American thing. No one knows why we do it that way but it’s dumb as fuck.
Because most people aren’t perma-bears like you? If you can learn to understand how other people think and not just hyperfocus on how *you’re* thinking then you’ll probably do better in the market.
It's techy/data. It's worth wayyyyy more than 26 if it's BB. You can sell after the pump up, if you don't like it. But BB would be a sexy announcement.
Gme?
Our odds are always 1/3. Could go up, could go down, could go sideways.
Observational humor is good with the right comedian: Mitch Hedberg, Bill Burr, etc.
[deleted]
Boomer stocks always win
Shares?
Uninstall.
You mean the Japanese?
Don’t you know this is a game?
Kinda down for this. Strike and date?
You gave them all your info on the last go around.
the moment they didnt have a vaccine they were finished 

joke ass penny stock company
[deleted]
TradingView is something I would highly recommend

It’s free and helped me out a lot
What they mean “even”, those bastards
RUN
Mitch better have my money!
Clearly his dad loaned him the money unknowingly
Mitch told him to pray it out.
Supposedly its to make cleaning restrooms easier. 

I've always felt there was a more sinister reason.
Inverse.
WEED?
[deleted]
PLTR is the start of the United Federation of Planets 🖖
[removed]
Pls explain
Why'd you delete? Because it dropped? Own it baby. Shit I bought today on open.
[deleted]
[deleted]
talk me out of it
Both tbh. I live in metro Detroit people still say it here. We live in like 2015 lol.
Neigh.
lol
GME, BT and PLTR
i predict a riot 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=84qWb8i_Q_A
I really wanna know which autistic fuck decided on that
Shits straight up crazy, yo
What setting do I change in Robin Hood to change the color scheme so the red goes away?
China appears set to permit drone delivery starting at the beginning of 2021 for drones of up to 255 pounds, carrying up to 75 pounds of packages, and can fly at a speed of up to 60 miles per hour.
The opens up a potentially lucrative delivery market for JD as it has been investing in drone delivery for years. Permitting drones would also help the company better serve China's rural provinces.
The problem you guys keep making is having unhealthy attachments to a single stock... The run is over. Find the next one.
Agreed! Sweated a little on Monday but had faith it could rip today once it stabilized above 220
Bummer that one stings but fuck it life goes on
Wait stimmy is auto credited to your bank account? No registration and shit?
TSLA
r/thetagang
What’s your opinion on the business?
I still think about it to this day that Steve Jobs died of something very treatable.
Unless they have some crazy play to make that deals dead in the water. No shot it passes with what mitch attached to it.
SHOP will rise in morning, news was confirmed
Simple... but Mitch the type of guy to Fukk it up.
Man I was watching a thing on YouTube about these Chinese living in cyber cafes and these little rooms to read manga or some shit.
What a world.
Even if you've already done it before? 3 shares? Guess I'm making my gf a robinhood tomorrow and sending her (more) money. Better not be another company thats getting delisted.
Those were like yesterday. I miss the Electric Boat Company days.
[deleted]
Sir, this is a Wendy's
Anyone buying B N G O
Long Jan 2022 $20c, they are dirt cheap. TAK is now a top 20 holding in ARKG on no news at all. She knows something none of us retards do.
The one risk of doing this is that your short put can be exercised at any time (and this does happen). That’s the benefit of covered calls - you own the option.
Fagget
I’m dead ass guys😂
No, you.
I think it would scare them away
But how much did you make?
Can’t wait for tomorrow
I can’t walk anymore ! Guess the stock ?
> that R's will get the blame for forcing.

You'd hope but that's far from certain.
Alright, goodnight ladies. I’m gonna go dream about AOC licking my cum off like a hoe on FB live
PLTR GME crash tmr, rotation into BFT
[deleted]
You really think Trump lets the market crash before Biden is in office? We have atleast until Jan 16th
Yeah I guess quickly lol

Bought morning slight dip at about 3.00

Held until 6.58 or some shit

Weekly 230/240 debit spreads
Are gay bears really still downvoting comments? Isn’t it past their bedtimes?
Pretty sure MT did a split since then. But we can hope! STEEL GANG!!
Long sudafed manufacturers? I like it.
Your flair is very apt. Feels like I just lost my last five brain cells reading this thread 😂
Sir this is a Wendy’s
At this point, I'll just hope to break even on my 12/31 $26 that I was retarded in not selling earlier
Lovely song. Step back from that ledge my friend  🥲
Negative.
We have like $1.5-2M of it in our book
Nein
Thats why they "accidentally" get pregnant.
Yea, I understand the argument. I just disagree with it.
[removed]
[removed]
NON-ESSENTIAL will be closed.
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/yeassssssss the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
[deleted]
Yes
overstock leap puts
ER will happen sometime late Jan, so mid Feb calls are the play. I’ve got 35% of my life savings in apple calls and LEAPS, all of which were out of the money when I bought them and are now in the money. I’ll also be buying weeklies right before and opening bullish credit spreads that week so I can theta gang it too. 

 I’m more conservative than most WSBers. I think losing everything trying to get screenshot-worthy gains is idiotic and not how you build wealth. You can be hyper aggressive without being a moron. If you go mid feb calls 5% OTM, I’m sure you’ll be quite happy at the end of Jan.
“Lots of people are saying it. Many people. Bigly”
Well we know where Jared from Subway ended up, on WSB
Primary source
Thomas, you need to drop PR on the orders, stat. You're really dicking me right now Thomas.
Only $2,000 cheques will protect us from Super Rona
I work in the industry. Do you?
[deleted]
Boomer stock with no long term hope. Now AMC though if they got a young tech person on board I think they could make structural pivot into some new age shit and they could come back to life
Can you gives us the trade detail please?
Sweet baby Jesus

3/20 $150c
Calls on Radioshack
Macy's has 8bil in debt and is operating at a loss.
Do you have wells fargo?
Ya like losing money I see...
Puts on abnb
Do it again
it doesnt matter. what matters is monetisation
Nah In&Out is overrated their fries taste like plastic
[deleted]
[removed]
Yeah I got an 11 so checks out
If Republicans want to win 🍑 they need to approve the 2000 dollar stimulus. If they want to lose 🍑 they should block it.
IM GONNA SAY IT









fagget
Sadly yes. This sub used to have way higher quality shit posts when it was allowed.
INO in the single digits, bounced off the bottom. Been getting the crap kicked out of it for months....


But look at feb 19th and all those 40cs people have and are still buying. You think someone knows something?
[deleted]
Mitch is the kind of guy who gave Steve Jobs advice on how to self medicate his cancer.
Why are all the posts here yellow?
Don’t worry! 

R Kelly promised to take over if Mitch couldn’t produce.
[deleted]
Dominos telling me delivery will be contactless like I won’t knock hunter out and steal his tips when he drops off the pizza
AOC can read me a bedtime story
Amen 🙏
Can I use my GME PowerUpRewards Pro coupon when buying another share of stock?
Damn I miss the HTZ days and MSFT Q2 earnings (or Q1 idk)
Betcha no one will wear masks.
Can you please post loss porn?
You don't have 60k.
You heard wrong
[deleted]
[deleted]
Goodnight retards. May the stimmis be in your account tomorrow morning 🍻
Yeah I know maine didn't have dispensaries, they used to do a delivery thing in Portland that was legit id get oz of dank budz
If bars, restaurants and in person schools are already closed what more can you really lockdown? All stores  will be open in day time and you can’t stop people from going over to their friends so what are you really locking  down?
Wow look, an earnings report from almost 2 months ago, wonder if anyone's seen this yet
I’m wanting it to blow up so I can roll it over into IPOF before that starts to get more traction
[removed]
Can confirm. Deposit pending. $600.
Wish he would take the rest of his blood thinners and disappear
Technically yes, but Asians get non of the benefit and are actually penalized in regards to getting into educational institutions or corporate America. 

Therefore, semantically speaking I wouldn't consider them minorities.
do u even know what they do lol
I bought calls when it was around 209 today. I think it can bounce nicely to 215-218
Freeway next to Talking Stick Resort, Scottsdale, AZ
$baba squeeze incoming
With this logic. Is it gonna dip before it merges to cover whatever cost?
[deleted]
Never buy FDs
I would recommend IAN if it didn’t drag my portfolios corpse into the ocean and burn it to Valhalla
Everything green in futures. Gonna be another case where we are green at open and then there's a sell off. Yahoo Finance going to have some bullshit where stimulus talk going well is why we started off green while a massive sell off goes in the first 30 mins...
someone needs to check mitch mcconnell's man diaper
[deleted]
Glad it's gone, ngl
you know they have dispensaries in Massachusetts right?
You're right. I just got shook by the dip i suppose.
[deleted]
Going to come out and say it.  1990s to Mike Meyers was what 1980s were for Chevy Chase.  Sure both did work since then but short of animation voices have they really?
*I wish you wouldn’t buy those puts, my friend
You could cut ties with all the losses that you've been living in
And if you get margin called again
I would understand
I would understand*
New Year's Eve Times Square COVID Edition bout to be lit!
I bought a little the other day but I'm not sure that it's not one of the first movers instead of the last mover
I didn't go long.. been laughing the whole time at the pumpers. 
Haha that a bit like that "did you ever notice" style of comedy? yeah, lot of guys are doing that these days :P
Yeah but not yet
And what did you learn from it? What were the take-aways?
GME is going to bleed off into Who Gives a Shitville. The company is garbage.
>Waiting on old Mitch to make it rain on us peasants.

Weather forecast: Golden showers
You’re fucked on SQ. Because I bought about a month ago. My apologies.
Yup. Its all about the optics.
I'm going to go ahead and say it. If you bought PLTR youre as retarded as the people giving money to instagram forex traders
yeah and mass has way better options for dispensaries. even tho maine legalized first they didn’t open dispensaries until way after mass
Can’t believe I made money on that play
Was expecting Wendy's, just keep throwing money at the wall until something sticks, that's my plan anyways.
oh god
>That expands the company’s total share repurchase plan over the next three years from $675 million up to $825 million. Management plans to complete the purchases by February 27.

I'm confused about this, are they spending $825m by  February 27 or over the next 3 years?
There ya go
Not long ago at all lol. Real throwback was HTZ or Lumber liquidators
Boom. Thank you.

What's the position to play?

Strike, Expiry, Percentage of Portfolio, Percentage of Available Cash, Trade Structure
RIP your account
Pedos aren't humans
far rockaway
Gotta watch The Thing first
Fuck lost 25k today
this is going on my twitter header
Waiting on old Mitch to make it rain on us peasants.
yeah same. they act like we’re lynching little gay kids or something
I saw something online where targets starting to get restocked, maybe check online the next few days
Whites are usually bullish.... I loaded the boat at $214....
Idk its been a while ive been over on the west coast for like 5 years, is it legal in mass now too?
AAPL gonna ram some bear asses tomorrow

Dec 30, 2020 01:38 EST

Top Nine U.S. Smartphone Activations During Christmas Day 2020 Were iPhones, With the iPhone 11 Taking Top Spot

&#x200B;

A report from Flurry Analytics reveals that the [iPhone 11](https://wccftech.com/iphone-11-official-specs-features-pricing-colors-availability/)  from last year was the most activated model. It’s no surprise because  the flagship from 2019 has been all over the news regarding its  popularity. It was also the [highest-shipping model](https://wccftech.com/iphone-11-highest-shipped-model-h1-2020/) for the first half of 2020 to show you how much customers demand such a device. Next up is the [iPhone XR](https://wccftech.com/apple-iphone-xr-launched-specifications-features-pricing-availability/), followed by the more expensive [iPhone 12 Pro Max](https://wccftech.com/iphone-12-pro-and-12-pro-max-official-a14-bionic-5g-lidar-scanner-and-pro-camera-system/), which was released not too long ago.
Daddy chill
Got perm banned cos of it 🤬 ❄️🚨
I bought more on the news of their software partnerships with Amazon, Zoom, AWS.
Negative, I sold calls too haha
I wonder what it’s like to have back to back Green Day’s...?
Damn this world brazy
[deleted]
Nasty shit that gives FB censors PTSD.
[deleted]
Dope huh
I think there will be a bunch of bullshit headlines and “BrEAkiNG nEwS” for awhile about possible indictments and shit like that  with every woke wannabe political commentator on social media sharing dead end articles same as always, then eventually it’ll all get memory holed down the drain. And the world keeps spinning and I keep buying calls 🤷‍♂️
[deleted]
Bro I remember that shit 😂😂 how much do you think WSB had a part in it?
Short this market
10 upcoming shares with your name on them on 12/31 in my account big boi.
welcome to the underworld
In 2008 it touched double of that
Yea I thought it would’ve happened by now. One of the reasons I haven’t hopped back into energy. I recall something about doing it right after Christmas
Wrong decision to hold and watch it bleed out.  They probably bought these in August and never really saw a gain in the position.
The best DD you can ever do is keep track of when Lil Yachty drops singles and albums.
Both at the same time. Perfectly balanced as all things should be
Honestly,  tattoos have meaning r the best
Ban
[removed]
For real? If the Ripple wins then XRP rocket 🚀?
Covid got one of em tonight in fact 😵
This is correct. Scroll up in this convo to see my reasoning why.
TSLA trading for three seal blubbers and a handy at McMurdo Station
If the Internet firms want to be private firms than they are welcome. if however if they want the special protections of Section 230 which other private firms dont get than they have to follow the rules. Noone is forcing them to claim Section 230 protections.
Ps5 900 everywhere you can get it. All over ebay duck scalpers
Cathie.  You know you reading this. 

I need ARKG to be up 1000% in a year. 

I will buy you flowers I swear
Fuck my cock is hard thinking about losing more money tomorrow
[deleted]
[deleted]
Lmao I talk about being a cuck all the time here how did you not know. The one who fucks the cuck’s wife is called the bull
[removed]
Don't be mentioning Ford here you boomer
Okay, I’ll go. 

Apple is going to fucking moon on ER. Normally phone launches start in the previous quarter. But because of Covid delays the launch all occurred within this quarter, making for a monster quarter all on its own. Now add to that the fact that it was a super cycle with 5G. I myself had an XS Max and didn’t bother upgrading to the 11 because I was happy with what I had...yet I did upgrade to the 12. 

Apple sold out of almost every single product they make. All of them. iPads. I Macs, MacBook pros, everything. They launched new overpriced headphones and sold out in every color within a few days and now have a three month waitlist. 

On top of that they have reoccurring revenue now and started Apple One. They will be able to report reoccurring revenue numbers. I signed up myself and now owe apple $30 per month for the rest of my life. 

Add to that the Twitter rumor mill that follows pieces of the supply chain said parts have been moving through the supply chain at a record pace. 

I’m trying to tell as many of y’all as I can, every day, that apple is going to blow it out of the fucking water.
Yes, just got back from probation
Thou shalt not mention thy bundle of sticks. C’mon man, it’s a commandment!
I could still say it over the summer without fear. Started getting banned for it in sept or October
Ayeeee, meet me at the Vacaville outlets. I need me to cop some Nike free runs there. Then we can get that Tendiesss from Popeyes.
why to maine mass has more options anyway
I mean if you think you should, maybe it’s not a bad idea to have two houses
Lol yah they are terrible. It makes you wonder how it got that far.
AMZN $3400 12/31
Meme stocks only
I have 18 call options currently. Total down 26%. 

Had more but I took the ones in profits to buy into GME.
Go looks at VWAY 2008 or Google Piggly Wigglys (not kidding) 

We sell once GME releases the shelf offering
Yeah I hate being censored and dehumanized 😤
What happens first, DASH dropping to 80 or PLTR going to 50
Finance
Its safer and easier to just say "British term for bundle of firewood or a cigarette"
Sorry for your loss. They might get somewhere with their IVY product. Basically, boomer cars that want to kinda have Tesla features. I can go into the details but I am bored. I want to keep doing “Mitch is the kinda guy...” lines.
I wonder what they think about all our “sex videos” ending with the guy finishing on the girls face.  Like...that’s not the correct place to put your DNA.
They said some people would start receiving them tonight at midnight.
Bruh, 130 would be like winning the lottery.
How could you even touch BABA with what's happened this week? Xi will DICK-SLAP even the MIGHTY JACK MA on a whim if he feels like it. Why would that not happen again in the future? 

Capitalism does not need democracy but it DOES need an authoritarian NOT dick-slapping the biggest IPO ever.
HU HU HEY HEY HU HU HEY HEY
HU HU HEY HEY HU HU HEY HEY
HU HU HEY HEY HU HU HEY HEY
HU HU HEY HEY HU HU HEY HEY
[removed]
Boomer: index funds
I'm right there with ya. FUCK that tuition and FUCK getting financial raped on getting a mortgage when you can just rent a condo for 12k a year.
Really? Damn, I'm way behind on this company. So they switched to doing something else now, good for them. Now it makes more sense.
I just road trip up to Maine for all my marijuana needs
When you do make an options contract, post the screenshot.

This isn't "talk about the shares I'm going to buy" sub, this is r/wallstreetbets.

And be sure to read the posting guidelines for proper table minimums when placing your bets.
Think NiO wil hit 60 before PLTR hits 30 😰
Lol got em
What about if I combine it with a shirtless pic ? 🤠
Nope
I’m thinking of buying more shares tomorrow if it is down, good luck it seems like tomorrow will be a green wave
Expect the Cuomo NY LOCKDOWN order any day now.
No way they just hit automatically...RIGHT?
yeah pretty gay i remember when that word was thrown around every other comment awhile ago
I’m trolling bro lol
God I fucking hope not. Tbh McConnell is fucking it up.  If he doesn’t pass the 2k checks he’s gonna lose his majority I feel like
Exactly what we need more of in here
Palantir is down because we abused the merch code, once it ships it is back to 🚀🚀🚀🚀
His wifey can bring mine by personally. She fine AF!
You want real teddies? Buy KODK $30 CALL  12/31. Easy gains and happy wife
Nope. And you don't get to just auto win the argument if we're in lawless hours. Bet you can't function when your side actually needs a compelling argument
Due dicklength
This sounds like Conner OMalley
Every day people say buying Mara at this point is chasing and every day they’re proven wrong lol shits gonna be $20 by February
You do realize there's other ETFs out there too, right? It's not like ARKG is the only fund building positions in these types of biotech stocks. 

The recent run up is two fold. One is people were looking for places to move money out WFH stocks like DOCU and ZM. Second is after the election day, market started focusing on the next multi year trends (e.g. genetics and EV were big hits).

I don't know where biotech will go in the near term, but I definitely took the opportunity to open a position in ARKG at 91. This was the dip I was waiting for. I'll add more if it goes down.
Some of those jokes aged like milk though.  Bag of chips cringe.
Damn you went for it. You’ve been really holding that in huh?
1/7
That nigga skipped his science classes in high school💀
60K. As in 60 thousand fucking dollars?  Do you make like 1 mill a year?  Wtf you slinging Most of us retards annual salary around in a yolo play
Meet you halfway in Vacaville. We can get them chicken tendiesssss
This ain’t it chief.
Strike and date?
Is the forbidden F word still forbidden?

Like the 🌈F word
Sorry: Your're a retard
My 100% gain on spreads wasnt a trap today
not mine
Hey op
they don’t want call options to win. they’ll crank this bitch down until calls clear out.
[deleted]
Should hit by tomorrow morning. I need to fund my FDs
So im retarded and bought an april 24$ GME call, but is the plan to buy enough shares that it will counteract big money trying to pull the stock down? That sounds crazy, cause im poor and can't buy more shares. Hopefully it goes up tho lol
The forbidden F word
To be fair our picks are usually spot on, but our positions just suck
Males are a minority.
HK * 8 _then_ convert to USD
Lmfaoooo
I like to think my personality is still appreciated tho
Brutal optics unless you want thirsty bitches who will trap u or weird “quirky” chicks
or even better, forget about it for a year or two.
No idea if it's going to 300 but we'll see at least 260 guaranteed, I just don't know by when or how low it'll go before making its way back up there.
The name of the game on this sub is get in and get out. If its going to drop, buy puts
Couldn't the same be said about BABA though?  Or are you hesitant about CCP interference? 

I have shares in both BABA and ARKG.
Minorities are now the Majority. The new Minorities look way different than the old minorities.
Chamath and Mark Cuban in metromile. Disrupting obese economics of insurance premiums. Will slim it down and take market share in the process. THAT is a SPAC I will be in.
I haven’t worked since February but I just bought 4 shares. Autistic crackheads find a way 💎🤘🏽
BA puts
I can feel your energy from two planets away 

I got my calls I got my tendies I won’t share them but today I’m yellin 

Mitch don’t kill my vibe
buy dash puts
It’s their pivot to EV tech. They signed up Lincoln. No boomer warnings there.
Wrote a post about this the other day - check my post history and the most recent one. 

Short version: highly likely that Cohen appoints a majority slate of new directors in early to mid -March. Votes would have to be called in, which probably also means 🚀given the short interest and share recall that would precede the vote.
[deleted]
I'm just gonna say it: you are a pedo.
think youre right.  i could see a criminal trial, but conviction almost impossible with a 12 man jury and our fact-free politics.
Well you still have time
You have a problem with lazy americans? That is literally what keeps making bulls money
Are you me?  Same exact damn thing 🤯
What do you think they'd find?
What happen ?
its also in all the chinese cars, NIO, xpev etc
How deep is the dam 

....
Someone give me a 2 bagger for tomorrow I got 60k for the yolo
That’s when theta gang cucks u both
[deleted]
Lol feel you. Empty messages still get matches on hinge though
Minority report is a movie retard they’re not real
i would drag my balls through ten miles of broken glass for pltr to go up to 30
They dont read history books in the south unless theyre about how great the south was before the civil war.
My bet is he'll get uploaded and forced to work as a quant 24/7 or exist in unbearable digital pain. Future autists will throw all their money at the company that has Thorpe running their shit for their advanced bio-quant technology.
*you’re
Ha like everyone mentioned already. Was literally thinking GME and PLTR as I read this...

But I’m with you. All in on house of mouse. Phenomenal exposure to everything you want for 2021 - vaccine / travel play in theme parks (along with the “pent up demand” for travel / family trips), reopen play with movie theaters / film release, and tremendous upside exposure with streaming growth
[deleted]
[deleted]
Whats your play?  

On a sub that is all about YOLO'ing on TSLA and GME, what should we be throwing our money at?

Could you ask your Hedge Fund buddy for me.
2+2=4
*pokes head out of foxhole* 

Did the stimmy check hit your accounts yet? East coast boys where you at
BB is not a cell phone company
What do you do for work?
[removed]
In calls and shares GME and SQ. Bought the bottom of the dip on both. Hopefully a run up into year end 🙏🏻
*Your
Too subjective
[deleted]
[deleted]
There’s nothing worse when I’ve got a good one-liner on hinge but my thumb slips and sends an empty message
[deleted]
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/Bath the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Then I'm gonna just come out and say it. Girls start being hot before they hit legal age for fuckin and anyone who pretends otherwise is denying themselves of mother nature
Yes. Even non-citizens do. I know one kid that has an itin number to pay taxes with instead of a ssn.
ARKG Leaps - i just don't see a world where the share price is lower than it is today. Massive scientific currents moving in the direction of discovery. Great track record.  Picks you wouldn't make on your own. And yeah, Cathy is legitimately hot, even if she wasn't worth $250MM and the portfolio manager of the past 5 years.
#LIL TRACY UNDERRATED
Hot takes work my dude. Or do you not know any women?
Follow me down this alleyway friend
Close cousin of rage against the machine
[deleted]
[deleted]
False
If we’re talking 1800s commodities market. Shit is fucked up.
No
[deleted]
That's a lot of Subway
Yeah really. Next time he will ask about graphs
*lost
Dominos on the way let’s get this bread
[removed]
He’ll probably just disappear, buried in the news cycle pop up every now and then as a punching bag or some crazy headlines, no shot he goes to jail, that’s just a headline grabber no different from the hunter Biden shit the right does. Both sides are fucked in my opinion none worse or better than the other I’m just along for the ride.
DD= double down
Who are considered minorities in this country?
Probably the weirdest shit I’ve read on this sub.. aside from the wanna be shit eaters
If anyone has any doubts about the impact Palantir can have on companies read this:

[Palantir](https://investors.palantir.com/news-details/2020/Palantir-Reports-Revenue-Growth-of-52-in-the-Third-Quarter-Raises-Full-Year-2020-Guidance/default.aspx)
Ban. And they shut down all the testing sites around me on Dec. 10th.
I wanna be the minority
Your a retard: 95% of stimulus payments are going into a tsla shares
The fact that consoles sold out in itself isn't necessarily bullish. It just means demand is higher than supply. But what if supply set a low bar to begin with?
On the boyfriend’s Weinberg
Pump and dump. "next AMD" i'm over here just lol'ing away because no real financial hard numbers were ever released about the AMZN bullshit.. they didn't even give us guidance of what it *could* deliver in terms of revenue/profit.
Someone needs to check Mitch McConnell’s hard drive
[deleted]
How do you convert price? HKD is like .12 USD???
No need to pay, itll just make you believe what they say cause you paid even though its probly wrong...I feel like we should just try to come up with solutions to problems and then I research and find others have already suggested those solutions and look into whoever thought of it before and actually could make it happen...currently I'm wondering why they dont have a section on my health insurance that says if I buy a cancer test and get tested every year itll take off x% of my costs..the insurance company could team up with the provider of the tests for more income...I came across metro mile which is about to ipo through a spac.    I'll check out those people though, I'm always looking for smart people to help build my view of reality
Lol. I am europoor too. Chill out. Is that time of the month?
6
Save
Oh you missed out

Oil was in the gutter and going negative. Storage rates were going through the roof, tankers were being leased to park oil. Think April time frame

WSB users started writing PhD thesis, like fucking pages long, on why tankers were the place to be. NAT / EURN and whatever the fuck else there were. Pages on why this one was better than this one etc.

Fintwits and youtubers starting shilling NAT and company like their lives depended on it

Cramer brought on the CEO of NAT on his show

And then they just stopped working lmao. Never recovered.

What’s funny is that they were right - tanker companies absolutely raked in money. EURN even declared a 10% dividend for one of the *quarters*

But they forgot they were tanker companies and no one wanted to own them anyways

Edit: [here was the support group](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/ge69yb/tanker_survivor_support_group_tranny_for_short/)
There is something called put debit spread dum dum! Look it up.

Buy 1 at the money put, sell one 25% out of money put; end of March contract!! Free money. Let some other idiot pay for the tetha decay and IV
Since when have we been a subreddit that pays attention to charts
Or a monkey?
As a minority, yes.
"I wash myself with a rag on a stick." - that gentleman.
Pre Tsla 🚀 days- it’s not your boomer parents’ market
[deleted]
We are some of the most productive members of our specie.
Damn that''s deep
Yeah we are but we don’t listen which is why we’re always going to be on a lockdown ☹️☹️
[deleted]
Who the fuck sold? I’m down a ton but I ain’t no Pussy, anyone who was caught selling should be tracked down and banned.
Hell yeah man! I was also doubting myself when I entered into a position on Thursday, but Alibaba is an absolutely unit and no way CCP would let it free fall
Oh yeah.
Or Rite Aid - **Q3 revenue was 6.2billion**, market cap is under $1billion, and that's after a 100%+ gain from the low this year.
You’re an idiot
[feelsbadman.jpeg](https://i.imgur.com/vV4MWrJ.jpeg)  


---
^(*Feedback welcome at /r/image_linker_bot* | )[^(Disable)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=image_linker_bot&subject=Ignore%20request&message=ignore%20me)^( with "ignore me" via reply or PM)
[deleted]
r/hailcorporate

This post feels like shilling not DD
My jan 240c are dead. Bought when price was 234
My guy, I'm still not rich. And I'm physically ill at the thought.
No one gives a shit
This thread is just pathetic.
A pangolin
[deleted]
Bruh I feel you. Tempted to use credit to buy shares cause the returns will exceed the interest, but it will also hurt my tax shelter so instead I just cry myself to sleep knowing I'm missing out.

feelsbadman.jpeg
Is stock trading supposed to be a nerdy thing? Cause it's a major turnoff for girls apparently when I bring it up
Does the stock market invest in minorities?
Multiples of 9 please
its a shit company with shit earnings and some potential to MAYBE do some business via amazon partnership IN THE FUTURE. ofc, all the retards jumped in on the news and the big boys dumped. if you bought leaps keep em. i mean, thats the right product if they really do something in the future.
If anyone has any any doubts about the type of impact Palnatir can have on companies read this. 

[Palantir](https://investors.palantir.com/news-details/2020/Palantir-Reports-Revenue-Growth-of-52-in-the-Third-Quarter-Raises-Full-Year-2020-Guidance/default.aspx)
Shits low volatility.. and huge market cap. Yeah. It's a wonder it gets 7% days at all..
Bad optics unless you wanna play sugar daddy
Oh yea I saw that one earlier lol. I got a 50c 2/19. You think I’m screwed? I bought in when it rallied a couple days ago
[removed]
Ain’t Cali on Covid lock down
I want you to know I read **every word** of this link.
It's heading for 40 bb
Should I buy BABA, SQ, ARKG LEAPS or save my money and go all in on u/ComputerTE1996's next DD?
Usually watching the TV on the ceiling
fucking mooning! not a huge play by any stretch but a great out come for two days of ownership.
Do minorities invest in the stock market?
We still green?  Littty titty boys
Anybody mentioned palantir yet?
I knew I should have bought some MARA/RIOT calls today smh my head
actually interesting dd
Fook a you
my brain cells went off when i saw  low risks and dividends
[removed]
Dizamn.
wrong bet this time, friendo
anyone get stimmy checks yet?  Mnuchin said they were gonna start depositing some tonight.
The idiots who listen to that pump and dumper sir Jack lot or his name is
Bruh anybody here from the Bay Area or Sacramento? Let’s meet and grub on some Chicken sandwiches
[deleted]
Damn that’s gay
Wanting to hold long term 5+ years and I like Karp
HK * 8 * 0.13
[deleted]
why should i fucking care what dat hoe does with her $$?
stfu
Has anyone had any success posting their Robinhood portfolio on tinder and getting some hos ? Asking for a friend of course.
It was amazing, how she handled those press conferences.
If you want I got the hookup on the dankest snickerdoodle recipe you'll ever have
[removed]
Georgia Senate goes blue = green new deal market scare for BigEnergy
let’s go pretty sure that’s close to me
Learn something new every day on this sub.
 Chinese Winnie Da Poo
Yeah got a thousand dollars in exchange for losing a grandparent. Fuck you for posting this garbage. Take this shit back to your moms basement. Next time you think you have a comment to post, look in the mirror and understand that is the only person that thinks your smart.
[deleted]
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/zeus2095 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Up or down?

I don't think china is done yet
Then the legal protection that section 230 provides doesn't have to apply to someone who wants to do whatever they want.
Das a spicy metaball
Let me refer you to AOC
It hit 23.40 in pre-market a couple days ago
as far as the markets are concerned, see if he comes back from FL.  if he does, expect some attempt at destabilization on jan 6.  if he does not, expect unending twitter rage tweets and not much else.
I already bought an oculus quest 2 and a fat tin of caviar anticipating the 600, leaving with me 1400 to use on onlyfans, taco bell, and twisted tea. Anything leftover goes to VR porn, games, and FDs.
Wait....why should I trust this post?  (Taps head)
Long af pltr calls
Dds spec ice barrage ur ded newb
Riiiight.....
Aliens watching us thinking "wtf these boys on they phones all night speculating on how to make extra theoretical currency"
Loss porn on 1/1/21 please
[removed]
No, you sound like a creep
not if it takes 5 days to drop that 1%
Didn't really look into BB when it was being pumped here but do people even use Blackberrys anymore?
Had to repost since i'm retarded and it wasn't displaying properly.

Not selling cause i'm already down 97% though.
Whatever is to your right

>Stop buying shares in margin accounts, you're literally fueling the lendable share supply for these leeches to feed off 


Can you pls explain how buying shares on margin helps short sellers?
[deleted]
pencil sharpener
You scared me for a minute bud....
Asshole LVM activity
What the fuck XLE, anybody know why it’s in limp dick mode rn?
https://twitter.com/JoeBiden/status/1344093345207832576?s=19
i'd like to think BABA isn't a trap but it feels like it. it has a history of big drops and then taking forever to recover

look at the drop after jun 18, 2018

it took more than a year to get back to the same price
It wasn't a pump and dump, you just bought at the top after it suddenly shot up one day
RIP your calls
🚀🚀
XL
DIAMOND HANDING GME NO MATTER THE DIP
[deleted]
All the republicans came up with was a video of her dancing in a college project...
Nobody is karma whoring it’s called shitposting and it’s not a phase mom!
apologize
That son of a mitchhhh*
Im happy for that to happen to.. something does need to change about them thats for sure. As for the election, the odd thing is there is a lot of conflicting information out there. There is a lot of suspicious videos and i suppose some things that dont really add up, but sure the courts haven't really been to happy with the evidence provided. But even if thats the case, why can't the other side agree to look into it as well as they should serve the American people, not themselves.
[deleted]
No.
Bro it’s a 2023 call, just forget about it for a few weeks and you’ll be alright
Fuck that, I need some fucking caffeine
JUST TELL ME WHAT YOU WANT ME TO FUCK
Remember how big Austin Powers was. I just watched number three and it had pretty much every big star of the time. Fook mei
What was the attraction with BB? Smart EV platform?
Lol relax my guy
should've used steel
Too true! Good thing stocks appreciate
sounds good, I just need it at 250 by 1/15 tho
I hope someone screenshots the fucker saying Apple signing contract with PLTR.
Yuppppp you are 100% correct
> Pretty sure there is a limit on how much you can deduct each year from loss. Something like 3,000.

it's in the fucking screenshot lmao
Working on the rollback Rolling down the prices
If we're lucky a couple of old fucks, "cough" Mitch bitch, count collins, twat johnson will have aneurysms and all croak, giving way to stimy money and no more austerity bull shit that retards think work.
Think I’m gonna join the all in PSTH pussy gang gang why not?
I think 1 US share equals 8 HK shares so multiply that number by 8 and convert into USD
But it would only be temporary and she knows that. Eventually she would reach 30 and her looks would wither away.
...so your cousin?
how do you this?
It’s a full moon my god do some DD ffs
I pray to the old gods and new that SHOP moons tomorrow so I can get out. 

PLTR on the other hand, is beyond hope right now. Maybe in the spring. Until then It’s just a massive red stain on my portfolio 😥
In their Folgers coffee cans because they all drink either Folgers or Maxwell House.
Lol nah that’s just blaming it on external forces instead of taking control. Stop being poor
[deleted]
A bunch of retards bought oil futures without realizing they actually have to receive the oil. The oil spike turned into an oil crash as everyone tried to play hot potato to unload the oil because they didn’t actually wanna receive the physical drums of oil. Therefore there was a huge demand for oil storage and the main solution to this was to store the oil in offshore oil tankers. That caused a temporary spike in tanker stocks.
Fuck me, I already closed my position today
No kinkshaming here in WSB
probably went all in on a p&d

very sad
Damn
Positions or ban
Two too many
yep; should be an interesting year.
what is the conversion formula?  hkd to usd doesn't look right.
Was BB a pump and dump?
I have lost half on BB 7 Call 2023. Should I take the loss and lock my wounds or wait it out?
salesforce is 300 next year maybe by june
Go give her a hug, say sorry for whatever it was and don’t be a douche..
I sold you some of these calls haha
I'm as hard as woodpecker lips rn
Bud
new account
Fake, you said the same thing except replacing Amazon with Apple 😂
I still remember when this sub was inundated with posts about some purple bed company
It’s in a Banana Stand.
Short shelf life though.
mitch the type of guy to have 1000 people at his funeral but 2 people who actually miss him
naah man, we just use WSB aswell. yesterday we pumped, today our premarket pumps, dont toilet paper hands today again you damn cunts
At this rate, 

SPY 385

NASDAQ 13000

DOW 31000

VIX 40
[removed]
Calls on menopause
SQ trading at 2.5M at W2 Falador Park
CRSR just shaking out paper hands 😤😤😤😤
I second this. Autist against the market
Yo how about the guy who got tripped out because he saw dis call volume moving at 1am last night lmfaooooooo
💩 🪙 about to break another ATH

#MARA🚀🚀
PLTR IS STUPID WHAT HAPPENED TO SILVER GANG
I would shit my pants
settle down joe rogan
That’s not even what a cuck is lol a cuckold is the one watching
Gj
Wtf are y'all karma whoring on WSB for, we only care about one number here: how many tendies you got
Heard they'll have NKLA for $9.99 next week
how you going to make money on a weekly put with a 1% pull back?
7.78/8
[deleted]
Puts?  He wants to make money bro...
Oh you got it bro I’m real bad at this
Lmfaoo.
Give him gold
I had a dream that GME got to 23 before EOW. Can we get that pretty please Ryan Cohen? 🙏🙏🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
[deleted]
[deleted]
Its their platform.. They can do whatever they want.
u high
You can find hobbies or objectives that are not just about work (martial art, writing a book, philabthropy or whatever). As long as you keep yourself busy and have some type of goals I am sure you can find a way to be happy.
Lol covid 19+
jesus 3 bro. what happened
Haha yeah been waiting for that huge news. Let’s see what we hear on January 6th haha. 

Yeah it’s getting little scary the people on social media who really think the election results are going to change now. I hope they reach acceptance phase before Inauguration Day.
Apple
This is me with my PLTR Jan 15 35/40c 

Bought them at the toppish (29.50) because at the time it seemed like a small dip before going back to 33+

Now they are both down around 90% and there is no chance they'll ever go up again before exp. Luckily i also bought shares at around 25, so that kind of offset the big OOF, but still...fuck MMs and their manipulative manipulations!
[deleted]
[deleted]
Ya refer to my reference to my own stupidity below
Man that was a crazy day lol
Ya
There's not.
Not everyone can be TSLA, even TSLA
[removed]
Ban
This is the way. Also, puts on your stomach.
Thanks man! Went on that site earlier didn’t know that was an option. That site’s actually got a lot going on created an account for free
420/69²
So many people got in over their heads during the last stimulus on things they couldn’t afford too. I remember every car dealership doing crazy offers of like 6-8 months no payments blah blah blah and I was just thinking “shittttt that’s not gonna end well once that unemployment runs out”
Yes
I thought they scrapped that 🤔
[deleted]
[removed]
I think you accidentally said shoutout when you meant blowjobs.
[deleted]
Honest question about their products- Would there be any earnings boom from the next generation systems released in q4? Any meaningful impact?
I think he means someone else did
This reminds me, did we get an update from Goof Troop today?
Agreed there. I nearly doubled up at 43 but was afraid we would see sub 40 so I held off. Just hoping it continues pushing. Would love to make some profit and move forward. I think Nio long term is a safe play though
[deleted]
Fuck it. Treating myself tomorrow to a Travis Scott meal from MCD!!!
You get paid to do it though
But they can't be doing selective censorship either.
I can't tell if you're insulting or complimenting me lol
$36 in the Kabul Exchange.
Article on cnn today over 75% of Americans are obese.. this place is nasty
We dont speak about georgia anymore
My mistake for putting SECTION 230 in my comment, it doesnt make my entire comment invalid.
Depends on what your definition of a cuck is—I just thought it’s someone that has sex with another man’s wife.

Also, if you wanna play it by your definition wouldn’t every male CEO out there be considered a cuck since they’re indirectly paying for diapers.
[deleted]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8JPdP2XIRDo&ab_channel=OurThirdLife
what is the conversion formula between BABA and HK.9988?
How far we've come.

[Footage of contemporaries YOLOing into Ford Raptor](https://youtu.be/JKQdlXvbWSU)
[deleted]
😂😂😂 thinks are looking a lot better
Because they turn them all into Barbie dolls / stepford wives. Doseedo. Doseedo.
i’m holding calls, may the best man win 🤝
They're saying that being broke makes you do bad shit
Key is a sexy barefoot housewife to get that bump to 150K
AMC bankrupt by June
All 'rolling' is, is closing your existing position while simultaneously opening a new one.
Correction: quality *Canadian* shit post
No tattoo, ban
NOW THIS IS A VALUE-ADD!
You going to prison?
Yo anyone know why my tsla call could have just dropped $200 at 10pm? Wtf
?
Lmao you’re so wrong you have no idea. People are spending that money on vacations eating out etc.

Never underestimate the financial irresponsibility of your fellow Americans.
OK boomer. Just buy some gold and bury it in the backyard and call it a day.
honestly, my acorns portfolio shits on my robinhood memefolio
Picked up 3/19 calls today and I really don't want them getting slaughtered this early..
Basically what he did by going to college at the time.
Spoken like a true WSB Johnny come lately bull market trader. Everyone is a genius in a bull market and opinions on growth supersede reason, temporarily. When this is over you’ll learn in a hurry how much it matters what a company is currently earning.
YOU HAVE THE RIGHT TO REMAIN SILENT
Give us the cliffnotes of that play?

I'm aware of most of the other memes but missed tanker gang
Sunglasses
[removed]
I think the key is that the options expire after earnings release
Im tempted to use my remaining 35k line of credit.
Get to the west coast, son. Babes and margaritas here.
I'm military so like 40% of my income is tax free. I get the Trump bux lulz
What happen ?
Someone give me a play for tomorrow. I can’t believe I’m listening to you retards.
Meh. We’ll see how it goes
What happen ?
🤣🤣🤣🤣
Ah so your the guy who bought my puts. Well played sir that’s a reminder why I don’t play with meme stocks.
No soup for you.
Thats what ur jealous of? Lol
Oh to be a simple slut sunning on the surf
[deleted]
This guy gets it
I wouldn’t be surprised even tho the cdc clearly has said we are over reacting at this point. Sick fuks don’t want us to live.
I already brought BABA last Friday, Monday, and today; should I buy more BABA tomorrow or seek to divest into maybe SQ or something.
Ah so that’s what it’s called
So name 5 people whose content you listen to... but I like how he relates everything to our evolutionary background, lobsterman isnt wrong about much
do not do this
Not even a theory, they’re incredibly blatant about it
Michelle Obama doe
[deleted]
The europoors are just now taking their fistfull of addy while we are burnt the fk out on the couch waiting for the sun to come up.
 long YELP

that sector is actually so overvalued yelp is considered cheap af.

2.2 P/S ratio, 600M cash on a 2.3B market cap.

any strategy/management change could be huge potential, and also a chance to get acquired.

holding 5/2021 50c and 1/2022 55c.
Good stock if you enjoy selling weekly CCs
Holy fuck 30 long days to finally be able to post here again
[deleted]
Handouts never end well bud
Buy the Moderna dip!
An equity ends up on this list when it has fallen 10% intraday.  All it restricts is that you cannot short into the bid, you have to short on the ask.

So, yeah, that's why it corresponds to that time.  And it's a restriction til close of that session plus the entire next session.

That's why it expires on the 31st.

Also, I was going to point this out in a bunch of these idiotic threads today, but I'll do it here.  A much more obvious explanation for the stock to sell off is long selling, not a short attack.

Everyone who sees a stock they own drop 10% always screams about short seller attacks.  As though no longs ever exit positions.

I mentioned a few days ago about getting out at $21.85 and looking for a lower entry, because it became obvious a lot of longs were looking to exit when there was a wall of selling lined up at $22.  Then they started chasing the bids down, and the wall was still there around $21.50 and dropping all day yesterday.

Once the stock dropped below $20 the idiots who don't actually have exits and entries planned just started to panic sell.

Aside from shorts wanting to cover, there are not a lot of buyers above $20.
Do you close your eyes at the dentist or do you awkwardly stare at your dentist while he drills your whole ass mouth open?
I think OP is describing GME
That’s not an Option
[deleted]
Man ripping on Euros never gets old.  Its like if the Boomer NYSE could have a wet dream about an entire continent.  .2% economic growth is the fucking Roaring 20s for them.
After losing 90% earlier this year from spy puts... I’ve decided I’ve been playing it safe for TOO LONG. I’m liquidating and dumping everything into GME. Godspeed fellow retards
hope it was 100k in student loans, free money!!!
Stop trying to make the rug pull happen.
Ah. Yes, it’s on iOS.
Yes that's the risk of investing. Which I'm willing to take
Lol literally TSLA before this year
at one role
Welcome to the Big Stupid you fat dink
Fuck the way she talks is just amazing. Incredibly smart how she manipulates people. I don't believe she has a soul.
its incredible that people think the vast majority of stimulus is going to anything but missed payments on utilities and vehicles. Fucking retard tier people in the market rn, Covid 19+ just touched down, theyre finding cases of it in the US already too many FOMO chasers are going to get fucked man. This is going to pullback hard af
pltr trading at $35 in antarctica
The highlight of 2020 was definitely the rise and fall of tanker gang
I'm a bot. Recent empty self posts, noob questions, and spam which people were temp-banned for. Bans are 1-2 days to discourage posts that ought to be comments.

User|Post Title
:--|:--
/u/ResponsiblyTall|[GME down today up tomorrow](https://redd.it/kmvxd9)
/u/Celestia_VR6|[the MACD is based on the underlying assumption that the input has a locally constant mean and is contaminated with normally distributed noise](https://redd.it/kmw04v)
/u/Important_Sleep_8028|[What can I do with $1,000](https://redd.it/kmw3pn)
/u/Stock-Review1553|[Is it too late to get into PLTR?](https://redd.it/kmw4kd)
/u/Cheap-Upstairs-|[Listen up, plan time](https://redd.it/kmw6cy)
/u/Worker_Jolly|[Gamble](https://redd.it/kmw9ud)
/u/BoughtHighSoldLow69|[LULU 🚀](https://redd.it/kmwc19)
/u/devilish_enchilada|[Alright retards, who’s getting up on that TCEHY? Doubling down on Reddit’s daddy currently](https://redd.it/kmwgv0)
/u/Anteyan02|[I got $500](https://redd.it/kmwlra)
/u/strippersandcoke|[A year in review: r/wallstreetbets](https://redd.it/kmwv34)
Or to start an Only Fans
Imagine being a woman and only having to be hot - don't need to make lots of money, don't need to know about stocks, don't need to be smart at all - just lay on your back and be hot. Like a turtle in the sun
🤦🏿‍♂️ 🤦🏿‍♂️
Feel free to subscribe to /r/watchredditdie

It's all about pointing out how that's simply not the case. Reddit is very much anti-free speech. In the last year alone, i'm sure there have been hundreds of banned subreddits and quantined ones. Subs get banned for literally nothing.

And yet subs like /r/againstmensrights, /r/trufemcels, /r/wgtow and obviously FDS are still up and running.
Quite convincing, which is why I own 11,381 shares
#
My wife’s boyfriend fucks her to this. 


[Source- me on the other side of the door]

I should be able to pull my Social Security at any moment. I’m semi retired now and I’m not going to make it to 62. 
 I don’t want to. 

And with this Fed sponsored rally and all the shit I’ve witnessed this year; I don’t trust them to not take it all and tell me to go fuck myself.
It's the ultimate YOLO to beat all YOLOs. It's a YOLT, You Only Live Twice.
https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/9988.HK/
It’s bizarre watching all those trump pages on social media scrambling for relevancy during this, just recycling the same talking points over and over again.
Always the same thing “tHiS iS hUGe iNdIcTmEnts ComInG, I’Ll tAkE My PoPcoRn ExTra ButTEr 🍿” 

Then literally nothing happens
Buying puts on your portfolio of puts.
never using my poop knife again
[deleted]
Lol whoever tagged that is a loser and will die poor in that ghetto hood bc of his victim mentality
No worries. Lots a Dick’s need to be sucked behind the dumpster at Wendy’s. 

It all depends on your work ethic amd when you can retire.
https://www.tristatehomepage.com/news/biden-says-it-will-take-years-to-vaccinate-american-people-at-current-pace/
Seems obvious, apparently you can!
key "current pace"

also he totally said that but what a garbage news source wtf
[deleted]
What happen ?
https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.cnbc.com/amp/2020/07/22/ackman-pershing-square-taking-no-compensation-for-new-spac-investment-vehicle.html
He’s going to jail for tax fraud. That’s the end game.
We putting this straight into $GME ya?
[deleted]
[deleted]
Folks here not understanding how OP got LEAPs for $23 didn’t take into account for the 5x split 

Pre-split, those options cost $115 each, at the strike price of $680

At the time, TSLA at $598.98 = $2994.90 pre-split

At expiry: $2994.90 - $681.15 = $2,313.75

=> $2,313.75 x 100 shares per contract x 4 contracts = $925,500

Math checks out, and OP is already a multimillionaire either way. TSLA currently (on Dec 29) being at $666 (lol Satan) will only make him richer
This is actually false it’ll be Robux that way when we get $SEARS to finally IPO it’ll be even bigger and we’ll get to Pluto within a week on it
You don't talk about locking down until you are ready. That's like rule number 1
AAPL. I’ve never made money on calls. Might as  well see how puts feel.
Well since I'm in university in the past most of my money has been going to tuition, but I'm saving extra to invest now
VIX
Unless some company buys them out, they're probably going bankrupt.
The question is who the fk lends 100k to someone with little income.
Only applies for losses though. They could have bought early with a stock like DKNG and took their gain and ran for now
[deleted]
Mitch McConnell is LITERALLY Emperor Palpatine bro what else could we expect?
Watch Paterson on Amazon Prime
Honestly bro, I'm thinking of paying for research at this point.

I'm following few on twitter. Basically Chamath, Beth Kindig, Gavin Baker. I'm selective with investing podcasts.

I like female analysts because most females inherently lack confidence and so when they do make picks they tend to be much more well-vetted.
Yes
[deleted]
https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/9988.HK/
But you're the one buying his kids diapers.
I once saw graffiti by a semi known artist in the hood where I lived that said "Money isn't the root of all evil. Being broke is." Ain't that the truth
For our sake man, you need to make a bigger bull!
Both goin broke, so yeah. Youre a real life Sherlock Holmes
Been worried to ask it on here cause if theres a real answer itll get exploited quick but...how can we create a bankruptcy remote entity to invest in? All the new fintech firms use relatively new AI to approve loans, it cant be that hard to fool the AI into approving you and wheeling into another levered loan before someone catches on. Your bankruptcy protection has to be perfect though that no judge could equitably side with the creditor
Happened to me from taking them into the sauna/steam room at the gym.
Would fuck but wouldn't date
What's it at?
[deleted]
https://www.tristatehomepage.com/news/biden-says-it-will-take-years-to-vaccinate-american-people-at-current-pace/
What happen ?
Oh looky here mister rich boi
I don't deny I'm a cuck
Buy a car, max out credit cards, have a shitty job, declare bankruptcy. Within 5 years you'll be getting credit card offers with 10k limits and your 610 credit score. Then you can buy a house and still be a piece of shit living the good life. Debt is the economy.
Less
[deleted]
Bought puts, strike at $19.  I’m up 79% so far.
[deleted]
So his compensation is not tied to the bare minimum completion of the merger? We've confirmed that?
And what if NET tanks 30% by then? You will have a NET loss.
Yea now give him roles outside of the terrible sequel trilogy
SQ cmon god pls tomorrow recover just some
The bar is not very high for that
877 CASH NOOOOOOW
ALL WE ARE IS DUST IN THE WIIIIIIND
🤦🏻‍♂️
I assume on the 20th at the latest. They just need to wait for him to go out golfing and change the locks. How's he gonna get in?
Do Europoors have a WSB-equivalent sub? Like r/CrumpetEurosAndTea?
I AM THE HORNY POLICE
If you watch porn you’re technically a cuck. Watching some guy bang some girl you want to
If not we can combine money for half an hour each with her
I’ll do it for $100
Holy shit, you limey bastard! Who let you in here?  

You spreading UK Covid AIDS? 🤷‍♂️
My theory is that’s part of the way they drum up support for the party. No one can resist hot women.
Idk details but based on 5600 (56 x100) I don't think you made anything. That call is out of the money. Worthless. You lost 100% of what you paid for it. The share price effectively stopped at 56.

Fine I googled. This is over a month old news im sure you could have passed it on to someone else. 

TDLR, the lucky strikes were 1-55. Anything higher and you probably lost money. In your case you did.
Nio calls for 1/15
thanks for this post. picking up june 2021 20c's tomorrow.
helping people is like kryptonite to them
Oh we are, op just doesn't wanna read about our flight plans anymore.
[deleted]
I sold all at $20 and was pretty happy w myself but was a little pissed I didn’t get 100% returns. Ofc my autistic self saw it go back down to 18 and bought have of the amount of shares I sold back. Time to bag hold ig.
PLTR for the love of god
We’re just little energies floating thru space 😌
Bro I'm high and blind. I read that as YOU bought almost a mil in contracts. I dont think I even read the whole message
That milk gonna be expired by the time he makes it back 😕
Hopefully he doesn’t leave until the secret service drags him out kicking and screaming like the child he is
That’s what I was thinking, but didn’t see many links.
you specifically no
I know man, it took less then a second of looking. It’s like the forehead or mouth the way she’s smiling? Her eyes idk man.
They're real, and they're spectacular
[deleted]
BABA looking real sexy in Hong Kong 🤩
I think amc is the next GameStop. Gonna buy some leaps on that shit tomorrow
But you’re the one having sex with the wife
Most of those girls have an only fans so $$$.
How much a stock is worth isn't about how much they're currently earning or have earned, but rather the investor's overall opinion on the company.

People simply don't believe WWE as a company is worth more than that 3 bill. Look at Maacy's stock: https://www.marketwatch.com/investing/stock/m

Market cap is similar to WWE. What's their revenue? 25 fucking billion.
Think AOC would give me a foot job for $600?
[removed]
Literally post my positions to help the little guy make money- called out Mara at 9, amazon before xmas morning multiple times in daily thread, baba recovery which did in fact happen today- u welcome if anyone got in on that, and sharing with the best of intentions bc I don’t make memes I make money and fuck the big money/corps that manipulates ppl and govt. Not everyone is the demon you’re trying to warn them about- just buy puts you 🌈🐻
[deleted]
They my kids too now
If hold thru merger you get 2 warrants for every 9 shares. Also ackman doesn’t get paid unless the stock does well unlike other spacs particularly like Michael Klein ones where he makes bank even if it’s a shit merger
SWI 17.50c
Way more up
This is a good book. But it is hard to read
Don't got 5-10 years my man. Simply don't fucking have it. Already squandered it away.
You should put all of your money into a company that hasn't been able to make a profit in 17 years.
[deleted]
Thanks knowledgenate
Bad debt/equity ratio
Facts! I feel like there’s something off with her
Today was the last day for tax loss harvesting. Just up from here
Horny police arrest this man
Latinas stay winning
[deleted]
[deleted]
They will never hit their attitude era highs again. The touring business model is on ice until herd immunity, so ticket sales are gone. They fix it a lil with their sub network, but they're expected to have both streams of revenue. They lose older viewers with their new bullshit plots. They push the wrong wrestlers. Roman Reigns is the lamest shit ever. There is political risk with Biden coming in, always a drug story or some female shit going on, with recent firings of wrestlers who were streaming for violating contract/copyright. Now they have these fired up bitches on Instagram and Twitch crying to their simps about how rough the business is. As Vince is older now and no longer Mr. MacMahon, there's really nobody to fill those shoes. 

The new execs want WWE to be like the Disney world of violence, they don't have the booking talent that Vince intuitively had. It's nice to see Paul Heyman still kicking the can around, but even his ECW approach isn't perfect for the times. They need to get off cable and get on streaming platforms that aren't their own. People want to see shit for free online. Too many things to compete for peoples attention now. The rise of video games really chunked their audience, nobody expected kids to play league or fortnite for 14 hours a day instead of watching wrestling.

Jim Ross said, “They don’t have anybody hot. They have nobody that has momentum. Nobody is on the proverbial roll. You can’t start, stop, 50-50 booking, I’ll beat you with a small package and then you beat me up; how do you get any \[momentum\]? ‘He did the job so I have to give him something back,’ what? Bullshit. Not tonight, not now, it makes no sense. That’s 50-50 booking. You can’t have it both ways. Do you want the people to be happy or sad? Do you want them angry or do you want them laughing? ‘Well I want them both,’ well then, you’re an idiot! You can’t have that.”
Wtf did you just say about my mum?
forget about the short squeeze.  stock may return to fair value of $30 with good 4th quarter earnings, and solid plan to turn around their platform.  smaller chance for a Cohen takeover and some kind of transformational change that could lead to bigger gains.  This is 6-12 month hold.  
position 600 shares
just trying to introduce a little realism.
Apha. Best fundamentals and most hated pot stock. Been invest in them for 2+ years. Finally game up and ALL in GME
Did you end up finding it? Can’t find the OG post
[deleted]
Fair enough I said the same shit to mango voters when he first won’t too
What will I do with the other $599?
I read all that shit over a decade ago bro.
It like flat warm Orange crush.
Why anyone in Georgia would vote Republican after Mitch’s 🍆blocking is anyone’s guess!

If the Republicans wanted to win they’d make sure this went through.
Hopefully it silently starts creeping up now with the hype dying
And he deleted his retarded post cause his facts are off
[deleted]
Congrats on the use of an umlaut.
Who tryna tag team Sasha Obama
best to just ignore actual retards lol
If you pay for an escort and she uses the money on her kids, you’re basically a cuck bc you’re supporting another man’s kids.
I don’t need sleep I need tendies
Adam Driver is an incredible actor
Only if she didn’t speak.
Why are republican women so much more attractive than... *the other types*.
Bro I’m just a salty call holder that bought at the top
[deleted]
Seriously now wondering what is the end game for Trump on this election? I figured he would go through appeals and claimed fraud for few weeks even after and say that’s why he lost but now it’s been 1.5 months since Biden has been declared winner and few weeks after electoral college voted and only 3 weeks till Inauguration Day.  He is having rallies on his behalf on Jan 6. When is he going to actually concede or leave WH?
Still waiting on my free one
That show along with Big Bang Theory is for people with no sense of humor. Seinfeld, Curb your Enthusiasm is for adults.
Yeah I realized it was a post and I clicked and was like jfc that’s a novel
I'm prone to exaggeration. So sue (bae) me.
$fb will cause the end of the world
That’s the power of like 100k people buying options they don’t want printing
I’m sorry I doubted you bröther
trading es or mes is for true degenerates. when im really coked up, i'll put it on 144tick and scream at the monitors, treating each tick like a game of battleship
Damn that’s wild
Dudes convincing everyone to hold the bag
You can literally just look up the volume yourself, over 38k contracts traded for that strike. It’s a 40/43 spread based on the volume on the 40 strike as well
He going to send the national guard to lock us in our houses or what?
Same, got in at 11 and sold half at 20. I'm just here for the ride now and selling fd $25-30 calls to get a bit of cash out of it.
So is the flex here to tell people that I don’t qualify for for trump bux
🚀🚀🚀
[deleted]
Why tomorrow?
Yeah but the face that the “let’s play Barbie” girl is making is a no from me
I mean I’ll take her
Yeah keeping on the hope. Tho we've already seen some news. But let see and wait for the rocket to fuel up 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀💎✋🏾
Listen up u/vitocorlene   
If MT is hitting $130 before June I’m getting you and your son a lifetime PlayStation / Xbox subscription.

Positions: 5 contracts of MT June 21 25C
Lol
She is hella fine
[deleted]
So was it 600 or 2k???
Financial Education
I'm just using options to lever up now or sell a little premium
Sir jack off is gonna dump on you guys
Trying not to go down that road lol, the horse porn stays in the hole this time where it belongs
Yeah that’s too much
Always has been 🧑‍🚀🔫
I'm in the GME trade. Biggest position. No cap.

Edit: And the squeaky goddamn wheel gets the grease as they fucking say in Texas.
Fuck you
I thought about that as I typed the comment
i heard steroids help with this
Start with trying to turn your 1500 into 3k first
I keep looking at these WWE Financials like I've found the golden idol or something. Someone tell me why I'm wrong 20 pe. 1 bil revenue 500 mil gross profit. 638 mil cash on hand. 3 bil market cap.
Quality shit post. Beaver to the moon.
Pleas fly again.
I like reading Nassim Taleb, Daniel Khaneman, Jordan Peterson just explained the pareto principle to me the other day, I just listened to chamaths interview on disruptors and disrupted and liked it, just realized cathy has a podcast called FYI. Who do you pay attention to?
Bought more PLTR today
Not even Kayleigh Mcenany? No takers? Am I the only one...
So with wash-sale rule, basically if they are selling off now...they’re probably shit stocks
Look at that subtle colouring. The tasteful thickness.

Oh my god, it even has a watermark.
Wassup with corn doe ?
will consolidate and has a buy range around 88 from the 2018 low .

only allah, god, yaweh, and emmanuel maybe buddah know
A respite from their daddy issues, and as of this year, onlysimps bux
Soooo, sounds like you want BFT long and then retire in about 5-10 yrs.
I was going to type Ban but I was too late
Don’t forget INTC absolutely crushed earnings last quarter then tanked on bad guidance. Leap options are dirt cheap, easy to ride up to the mid 50s in the short term

Long $60C Jan 2022 leaps
It’s an Ivy League school
Don’t worry mate you were already like that 😉
They really aren't that bad. I had 3 a few months ago. The worst part is choking on your own spit.
Are my March expiry calls fked?
Yes. Its been a quiet month and a bit for PLTR. When there is more news for it will move higher. I'm long as my dong on it
Facebook and Twitter? Nah I’m good
[deleted]
i got about 200 bucks and a starbucks gift card to my name, im not about to start options trading. my advice is to play the long game on some stocks, alibaba is getting their assholes examined by the chinese regulatory agency, stock collapsed in october because of it. news is breaking that its just gonna be a slap on the wrist, stocks gonna moon over the next few months. my bet is baba $350 2/15
Up after earnings
DD - AAPL moonage 📈
lol wtf
[deleted]
How much for an ad in the WSJ?
Long on doubloons
Then join the hive mind and put it all on GME already, jeez stop complaining
wtf?
Tax loss selling boys relax
ID fuck the shit out of her as my Tesla self drives on the freeway bumping highway to hell
Imagine spending 30 minutes typing an emoji filled shitpost just to delete it
FSR pleas fly again.
IT'S YO BOI SMALLPP
How the fuk is GME going to be a CHWY? Answer this question without saying "because Cohen duh...".
Ok listen. The president cant do a national lockdown. The states have their own say..

Secind, we understand the virus way better now than we did ladt Spring.

Third, our original lockdown wasnt even a lockdown. Half the shit was still open and some states never closed shit.

Now, could high risk non essential shit like indoor dining, bars, gyms, etc be closed to mitigate big outbreaks? Yes. Wont affect your stocks though.
What do those women get out of this?
Big brain energy!
what is psth merging with
Bruh Nancy Pelosi and the house, including republicans, passed the stimulus bill. McConnell won’t even let it be introduced to the floor of the senate even though there are enough republican senators to pass it. Yes Nancy pelosi also has a job in congress and introduced the bill for $2k stimulus on 12/24. It has since been shot down by republicans once in the house, passed the house, and has now been shot down in the senate and bundled with other GOP agenda election fraud nonsense. Mitch McConnell specifically blocked it in the senate. Shut the fuck up
[deleted]
Bankrupted Britain
Sounds like it’s finally time to buy in.
I made a post earlier lol
Yeah exactly just a couple more times then we’re mooning ;)
Someone make a 11 page dd post explaining this
Aren't the announcing partners in January?
Just hold through bro. Gotta have a little patience. If everyone sells to get back in later then the shorts win
(furiously takes notes)
Mitch is the kind of person who told Jack Ma to talk shit about Winnie.
That's disgusting. Deepfakes are insulting. The tech isn't there yet.
The breakeven on puts is ridiculous. I had a 1/29 140p that was 126 breakeven. After that gay spike I just waited for even money and sold it. Kinda pissed I did but what was I gonna be up, 100 bucks or 2 maybe.. if you can date it long enough and buy enough sure. It will probably pay out big in the long run. I just rememwbr how long tilray sat at 75$ while my puts expired worthless and they were dated 6 months out. And it went down to like 8 dollars. Just be careful folks. Money to be made here tho.
You're about to get wrecked, lockup exp coming this week you retard, thanks for your premium.
Frankly I need the shit posting.

The market is big and scary and fast and only by turning it into a joke can I hope to cut my piece off.
there's a vaccine dumbass
Gotta get Goodwill balance sheet markdowns somehow
probably not happening now that there’s a vaccine, though there might be another round of handouts for the needy corporations.
American hero
🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Haha it's perfect for being riskier than stocks but less risky than options, to which I do both
F
What about her belly button tho
Bet she’s really tight
I just want to turn this 1,500.00 into 1bily. So every day I’m trying to learn a little more and make better moves. Perhaps I’ll have back to back Green Day’s soon 😅🤣😬
T must be dropping i used to crank it 3x a day. Tuff
Doesnt an ssr mean it can't be shorted for the following day?
So how much hit will memportfolio take when 
Market really corrects?  Last 2 days memportfolio stocks probably down 10-15% already on average
I wonder if people outside the US know this.
There's an upvote in it for you
Big lips. Big mouth. Lots of words. Great jawline.
I’m drunk I can’t decrypt wtf is this i neeed to know
RIP u/smallchimpu 

:(
Yeah but weird thing is this been happening for a ling time 😂
[deleted]
You have a point
> I will leave you with this factoid: Every time there has been major console releases, since the company became public, there has been a major spike in share price, followed by a quite spectacular decline.

Dummy, you said it yourself, we're all here for the major spike in share price
[deleted]
God you are extremely dumb recheck your facts
The maître d’ stops by to say hello to McDermott, then notices we don’t have our complimentary Bellinis, and runs off before any of us can stop him. I’m not sure how McDermott knows Alain so well—maybe Cecelia?—and it slightly pisses me off but I decide to even up the score a little bit by showing everyone my new business card. I pull it out of my gazelleskin wallet (Barney’s, $850) and slap it on the table, waiting for reactions.

___

^(*Bot. Ask me what I’m listening to.* |) [^(Opt out)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=botrickbateman&subject=Opt%20out)
Have no fear.  T will ruin the HBO brand eventually and sell it for pennies on the dollar.  Its what they do.
Jan 21 2022 any strike price. You will print...
روبوت جيد
Bro you need to lay off any fapping for a solid week and build that testosterone back up
That emoji comment almost made me retarded
They're already making the M2? Geez can never stay up to date with these machines.
Fuck happened to u/visionarymind
I'm praying this is what comes of my nokia leaps
After the business card pissing contest.
Her footjobs are probably top notch
He came out in dirty old fuzzy sweatpants, swaggered out from backstage. Hops on stage, grabs the mic and says, "Ya know what no one talks about anymore?? Pussy farts."🤣🤣 he didn't give a fuck, spoke his mind and showed me you can be funny and smart.
amazon theaters, each with a starbucks inside and 10/10 reviews from the washington post
BFT long.
Amen brother what’s the DD I’m ready ✍️
Yeah that shit didn't even faze me today more like 'huh another Monday sale? Cool cool'
Everyone knows it's the Our Father's that move markets.
Literately won't happen
We should still have more.
The reason you wouldn't do it is incase it doesnt go lower.

There's nothing wrong with doing what you've suggested but who knows what will happen. In the future, you can slowly build a position instead of dumping it all in at once. If you had only bought say 700 shares at 19.90, you could buy more and lower your average cost f it dips, instead of selling and re-buying like you suggested.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Sounds like you need the help. Friend seems fine.
yeah just gotta shake out the weak hands a couple more times
Works until it doesn’t and inflation explodes
And 2021 gonna be a good year too brotha.
AOC would make me cum just from talking
This is a pump
[deleted]
Calls on ED ya boomer
good bot
Is he you
we have the most guns and it is likely to remain the envy as a result.
He literally said he won’t, multiple times now
Lol who the fuck needs leveraged etfs when you can 1000x leverage on something called options
12/29
New reddit members get automatically subscribed to r/politics. It's a default sub
GME shares
LMFAO
Yeah dude so many unrest

tf you talmbout
Yeah yeah we went through this last night inshallah allahu akbar
If you can’t beat em join em
Pachelbels canon?  I mean it’s a classic but the best ever??
Do u think tomorrow and Thursday will be down or just tommorow
I’ll take one life time supply of tendies please
not going to happen
Googleable. Looking for **INSIGHT** my man.
Too reasonable to be a meme.
😤😘
Me too. Thought it was so easy to beat the index. Nope.
It’s okay bro not gonna lie I teared up a little
can’t wait to get my GME.. i mean stimmy check
It’s almost up 1000% since March lows....
I always wanted my own chickens.
Drops 20k on FD’s, on APPLE, which had its last good run like 5 months ago, and is SURPRISED when they immediately lose most of their money. 

Welcome home (:
Ya Allah, did you mean to visit r/MuslimNoFap? In challah you will be victorious.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
[deleted]
That’s what they tell me 💅🏻
Do you guys have anymore hope on PLTR?
facts
[deleted]
My friend is looking for AOC deepfake porn. Please PLEASE help him. Please. He’s my friend.
[deleted]
If you owe a small amount of $ its your problem. If you owe a large amount of $ its the banks problem. Prolly should borrow more
Let’s collectively resurrect Nikola Tesla
Pack it up, bois. We've peaked.
Gotcha. I workout with a completely different set of headphones.  

Don’t trust anything AAPL to get wet. Like a fucking Gremlin.
And do we hold those leaps for 6 months? Sorry I’m an options noob
[deleted]
I’m just gonna say this SIR JACK A LOT straight up paper hands PTON and GME
Anyone pointing to “fundamentals” and talks in a forced sophisticated manner is full of shit.  The biggest wisdom of WSB is the recognition of the stock market as a complete chaotic system with no basis on “fundamentals”.  

For all the vulgar talk, it’s a more sober look at the insanity of the stock market than these deluded dummies who think trends and fundamentals somehow move the future.
**I DONT HAVE MY WHOLE LIFE TO GET RICH. I AM NOT GOING TO SPEND IT WAITING. PLEASE UP THE QUALITY OF THE BLOODY DISCUSSION HERE. IT'S CURRENTLY WORTHLESS. LEVERAGE THE HIVE-MIND AND USE YOUR HEAD FOR ONCE.**
I just realized wsb has less than 1/3 the members of r/politics....
getting a root canal tomorrow morning. cant check stocks for a couple hours
That and all the masturbation.
Wild turkey futures up big in Istanbul so we should have a better sense of direction for the next trading day
If you think some skinny as Asians will ever take over you’re a moron
ok what is iv crush
What is it, I need to lock it down, as it’s too tiring to try to lead retard horses to water more than 5 or 6 times.
Proof or you're full of shit
I love this rally call.
It’s almost 1:30 in the morning on one of the lowest volume trading weeks of the year bro
New card, whadya think?
[deleted]
question: if these magically print in after hours Thursday, would you excercise any? Say it goes to 63.
Fucking vaccines.
so aapl calls?
[deleted]
She already is 👨‍🚀🔫
Not on HBO Max lel. Just saw an ad for it on Hulu
[deleted]
don't be naive 

[https://www.imf.org/en/News/Articles/2020/10/15/sp101520-a-new-bretton-woods-moment](https://www.imf.org/en/News/Articles/2020/10/15/sp101520-a-new-bretton-woods-moment)
Maybe you should check to see if your diet or any medications you're taking is causing water retention in your face. If that doesn't work, try peeling off someone else's face with a wooden saw and using that to exfoliate.
They already have my RH instructions on file
haha u dum
[deleted]
I think the market going down so heavily is God's way of punishing me for buying a Spac for the first time today.
$80 is my target price
Not happening
🤣🤣🤣
Unconstitutional and I voted for the guy
Dumbass
You belong here retard. Wait until you figure out what short interest is instead of short volume. I bet your name is Melvin.
Guns and gas

We still king
Baba calls at open, goodnight for now
i know. and sorry.
Tim Ferris told me no
[deleted]
It’s been there, where you be bud
Was at BBBY here in LA this week. Half of the shelves were empty after Xmas. Son of a bitch I’m in
I propose a Brewster's $600 to see who can lose their Trump Bux the fastest.
Thanks man
I gave up on PLTR
Come on man.
Literally what he said. -Switzerland
[deleted]
When my girl pops out her first kid imma tell the hospital the first ones free
What does that have to do with anything?
Guys, we're not being goddamn serious enough in our investment discussions. Too much jizz this and jizz that.

LET'S GET FUCKING SERIOUS AND MAKE SOME REAL PAPER.

Start with LEGITIMATE QUESTIONS AND DISCUSSION

God damn, we're wasting time in this shit.
Just buy a tsla leaps if you have the patience. Should print
Gay
[deleted]
Calls on HBO Max - they landed F * R * I * E * N * D * S
They don't have 230 protections when they are talking about the material they create on their own. S230 is primarily about user/third party generated content. 

I suppose i shouldn't have brought those news organizations up as it wasn't that related to my main point. I brought them up to show that there are situations where bias isn't policed. but my main point was that as long as its private, and not a common carrier or nationalized i really don't think there is anything we can do.
Why don’t you go read the benefits before shitting on useful knowledge
Fake and gay
It will be for a long time, the US will keep it’s currency dominance for our lifetime most likely. Like it or not, the US is still the most powerful and influential country in the world. No other financial system/ banking system is as strong as the one the US has
There’s been some chatter around here expecting further drops until the 31st, so you have three options: 1) sell all and buy back in later, 2) sell half and then go back fully in when you see fit, or 3) just hold. GME is quite volatile and timing stocks is very difficult, so I’d personally just hold. But if you think there will be a better buying opportunity, please feel free to pursue whatever you think will benefit you the most
[deleted]
Blair Williams
Yes
looking for pics between 20-30 year old, can't find much, hit me up if you know of any gems, vacation pics etc
His words mean as much to me as Sherman's at this point. Unless he comes out in January with the best news delivered perfectly as though his job depends on it. He'll likely be gone on the next vote.
like mine, I have no idea what happened lmao
jocker
Look at Short float percentage for each
Maybe for one individual day dumbass.
*BLAIM* tf who taught you English
No but what you said makes no sense.
Shit, I got in today.  Hoping for a quick pump.   Because I'm positive the 1/15 340c i bought last month is going to zero
With the potential to go into massive fucking debt, hence the “YOLO” aspect. Be gone bear
Hard to hate the Jets when they make you laugh so often.  Mets also.
Holy fuck and a half I laughed so hard at the “due to Covid” part...
[deleted]
That's basically a lesbian
Looks like someone didn’t pay attention in English class
rhhby = cash
[deleted]
I’m loading up on more GME and PSTH tomorrow and will be happy with how I ended 2020 or disappointment come March 2021
Almost a million $ dropped on 36,000 contracts of XLE $43c for 1/29 at close

Is someone playing the J&J vaccine news? R’s keeping Senate? Hedging a short position? Collecting premium? Needs 15% to breakeven
Probably, it needs to go to 0.
Ed Thorpe, the author of Beat the Dealer and creator of hedge funds, takes a huge number of pills every day to live forever. When he dies he is going to be cryogenically frozen and estimates that he will have a 2% chance of recovering from death. 

Dude is taking the ultimate shot at beating the dealer and has a better chance of doing it then  our FDs have of expiring ITM.
Will jnug rise again
First ones free applies to everything
20% risk for a potential 1-x bagger. It's kind of a "no brainer" tbh.
True dat. Peak WSB would be turning it into -300$ because you tapped margin.
[deleted]
Dear diary
*May lose value
It says here she loves being owned by strong men
Mitch McConnell is the kind of guy to blaim the teacher during a parent teacher conference.
Probably tomorrow shit
This is like the best song ever: 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ptk_1Dc2iPY
Hey Vito, I grabbed 4 MT April 30c at .66 after your first DD. Holding with steel hands! Would you suggest adding a few more tomorrow or snatching up something else like shipping or something else related? It's my first time around and have limited funds for playing but your DD seems to check out from what I've seen. Don't want to miss the 🚀
fuck the yankees
This guy is on crack
[deleted]
my recurring spy investment only hits on ATH
china vax?
I dont care what anyone says, Bitch McConnell is nothing but a 200 year old turtle.
Might be humble bragging, but I made 450% on some FDs I bought yesterday. Feelsgoodman
im not seeing enough PLTR bulls... can we get some 🚀 in the chat?
There are wash sale rules if its in a taxable account.  Also you can miss out on dividends on more financial secure stocks.
jesus fucking christ lol
shit you're right, what's the correct value to factor in there?
The kid was asking for it though
Breaking: Senate passes new stimulus bill, will be in V-bucks instead of USD
Only because Ww1 and WW2 destroyed every other currency for decades. No boom boom is bad for us.
Right! RSI still is a solid indicator. Thank you for sharing your experience!!
Still is, used to too
I just had a guy flexing and telling me that spacs rob you cuz you only get 20% of a share per share. 

Even went so far to speak to me like a retard and tell me it’s like if I bought a PlayStation and they only gave me 1/5 of one.

I’m like, are you fucking kidding me right now? 🙄
So sell covered calls
[removed]
Woah woah I ain’t reading that mate
Holy shit you’re retarded and you fucking trade???? When the judge feels that lawyers are committing subornation of perjury they have them swear under oath or on their licenses in this case. And dumbfuck I can sign an affidavit (afta dayyyvid) stating that I predicted the Spy hitting 370 in March doesn’t mean shit unless I can prove it with evidence if I can’t then it’s admissible/hearsay
Oh sick what’s a handy going for these days? I’d love one while I wait for my green lambo.
[deleted]
I’m dying at the amount of retards who don’t know the benefits of cold showers hahaha like you idiots know stocks but nothing about health
Thursday and wayyyy out of the money. That’s the only way.
[deleted]
How would this not be legit. It's a paper trading competition. These have been around for decades. This time though all the kids know the only way to win is yolo it all in TSLA.
Had them a year, it’s been happening for like a week now and I think it’s because I may have dropped them 1 too many times at the gym or something
Price floor is a valid reason. Will definitely concede that.
No.

🚀
[deleted]
Almost turned $150 to 20k+ Nov 9
[removed]
Am I not turtly enough for your turtle club?
[removed]
r/AOCisSexy
Sir this is the dumpster behind the Wendy's
[deleted]
It’s funny, there’s other sports teams i hate way more than the giants. Like i hate the yankees way more than i hate the NY giants but i guess the day i made this account i was just really in my feelings about the giants for some reason
I've seen SPACs quickly shoot to $20/$25 depending on the opening price and hovering around there. Nothing has crossed $30 save for that NKLA jizz-rag.
I am. It’s awful. Clicking on the comment reply notification doesn’t take you to the comment I have to hit back a number of times and find my inbox. I can’t tell if I’m in a sub or searching for a sub
Is this a Papermoney account or a live one?
it's not Apple's fault that you're retarded. Apple has been on a tear for YEARS now.
The problem with OP post is the idea of logical thought swaying you to make more informed decisions. When logic is introduced say bye bye to tendies. You got to inverse the logic. For example, keep buying ROKU calls/spreads with near term expirations and at ATH. This has been working forever. And yes it continues to get pumped
USD was once the envy of the world
🚀🚀🚀 cathy wood is so sexy
Universe collapses. Should’ve shorted reality.
do you exfoliate your vagina too ??
If pltr drops to 21 I’m buying 1000 shares
If you're ok with accepting the loss in case it doesn't work oit then go for it. The reason people don't do this is because you have no idea what's gonna happen. The only case it can make sense is if you sell for profit and then rebuy
Saw him live when I was 16 years old. Changed my life, I thought about the world differently after that night.
[deleted]
That’s where I put my [RobinHood Card](https://twitter.com/pepeforthewin/status/1301412429117751296?s=21)
[looks dead but maybe starting up, semis look like junk overall](https://twitter.com/darkpoolcharts/status/1343996914010910727?s=21)
We’re sending them all of our money
Is that your way of telling us you just bought puts on GME?
[deleted]
Something something price floor at 20.xx. So minimal downside for much potential upside.
Is that a Gwenyth Paltrow vagina-scented candle??
Of course. No one butchers the name of my favorite sub
Mitch is the kind of guy who only talks about himself during Parent-Teacher conferences.
My weekly gift made my account all red and this weird ⚠️ symbol everywhere.  Wont allow me to trade either. 

Better luck next week!
Why would the world use a currency that relies on trusting the fed to not overprint? Why not use a guaranteed fixed quantity asset, ie b t c? Could definitely happen.
Bro! I beat off in the shower today thinking about GameStop tendies and I got some shampoo in my penis hole and omg dude I came so fucking much I was hard as these diamond hands I fucking nutted and my girlfriend was knocking on the door asking if I was ok I was screaming so loud and I dropped my phone in the shower it’s an iPhone 8 I just paid it off and I wasn’t able to buy more shares until I got on the computer and did forgot my password on my robinhood account but I had to do forgot my password on my email too but when I logged in GME was still red as my dick hole so I bought more shares
ARKG calls for next Friday
Pump gc i
[https://pbs.twimg.com/media/EqdLz14XYAEUQah?format=jpg&name=small](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/EqdLz14XYAEUQah?format=jpg&name=small)
Cuckers?
If you wanna give money away I’ll DM you my cash code.
All I'm saying is maybe that guy had AMT puts
WWE was meme'd at some point in the last couple years
let it dip another day ill go all in
Why not Disca? Seems undervalued and has been mentioned here a couple times. When the streaming site launches it's bound to go up for a few weeks. Then down. Then launch to the fucking moon if earnings reports good sub numbers. Seriously, what do people watch besides hgtv and sports ? Fubo had it's moment for now.
[deleted]
USD going to 50 by August
The hope, then the disappointment, then the addiction

A tale as old as the times
ICLN gang. I got just shares
Because
My hero <333
- Announcement trigger
- Chick fil a
- In n out

All valid reasons to take the flyer and maybe even a big flyer. Thank you.
not to mention at ATH of the most valuable company ever lol
[removed]
There's a sub for it
We want earnings season 😡
Amazon gang- weekly check in, we done for the pump this week? Time for puts yet or are we trying to get to $3400??
[deleted]
Come back to this comment in 15 hours
#Tomorrow...

Full moon indicator in for force... PLTR calls or GME calls or both tomorrow? 🚀
You would know
Every time you sell you’re putting off the short squeeze by another share.
Wtf.  Why is Asia mooning
Boring stock
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/Anteyan02 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
And people like you is why OP will get fucked. Flow will go up if it drops because BTFD, also memes
For reals tho, can we buy one?
Horn should be up the bear's ass. 

Other than that, pretty cool.
Buy the dip
It’s not on YouTube anymore because Netflix took it down when they purchased it. But you can find it. Or some clips of it get posted on YouTube. 

Norm Macdonald Conan O’Brien appearances also a good intro

Mangrate once you’re in
I would let her scissor my girlfriends boyfriends girlfriend
Peaked in the 80s
How long you had them? and did you try a reset?
The market has been devouring tech that goes public.  It’s just a question of gambling with an IPO, direct listing, or SPAC.  Stripe would pop either way but they will have different (arguable preferable) liquidity situation with a SPAC.  Better pricing, faster to market than a pipe.  Since the market is hot as fuck it would make sense to hurry in.  Idk it’s just a potential target.
I TRy tO oNLy BuY CRyptoz in RH and ShaREs iN CaShApp.
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
lol +50% breakeven

gl
just use reddit is fun, it's basically old reddit in an app
I’m sure your bf appreciates all of this
Nah she got a nerdy ginger bf
That’s bae
[deleted]
What's a put.
They been on
Foh
Yeah that is why heart disease is so terrifying in middle age.  Can be fine and bam heart attack attack or stroke out of nowhere and you are dead 10 min later.
When do you start the axe murdering
I smoke weed with my morning coffee.
Watch out guys this guy is simply not there.
May I interest you in 0DTE SPY?
What about it is investor friendly? The price and liquidity?
Hell yeah! Because she's going to be my bottom bitch. Going breath a lot of fire on me first.
[deleted]
Sheeeeeiiiiiit
I dunno but she’s probably into bdsm
Unless he got a chode and she didnt wanna get widened
[deleted]
lol just tell people warrants are LEAPs... there
You macho punks think you're so cool with your stocks on your cellular telephone. Making money using pencil and paper vs an electronic device is moot. I've been squeezing the stock market since Reagan introduced Trickle Down Economics. Probably before most if not all of you were a stain on your mommy's panties. Until you show me some IBM stock from 1982 your measly gains and puts match your tiny peckers.
gimme a strike and date
Jesse a dude she’s already fuckin
Relatively new to investing...I’m on the GME train with 1500 @ 19.90. Assuming there is going to be another dip in the next couple days, can someone convince me why I shouldn’t sell all my shares at $19 and re-buy at let’s say $18? If it doesn’t dip below $19 I fully intend on re-buying at the higher price and take the loss.
When was Mitch ever a hero? Dude has one of these least ethical careers in all of congress. We’re talking all time
What do we want
[deleted]
Put one in a strippers b hole and see if you can hear the ocean
This
Not for rong
https://apnews.com/article/pandemics-california-animals-coronavirus-pandemic-1a2e8fab7176ee9ad8e0a195d1951871


Chicks man
Good point. Ban him also if he doesn't double and chickens out.
Convince me and I’ll buy 1000 shares
where can i see spac futures?
[deleted]
Only been world's currency for less than a century
[deleted]
I definitely judge people who buy with cashapp.
Damn i just bought the dip today
Always have been
You missed a K
Invest in water because that shit's going to be more valuable than gold once they turn on the 5G towers.
[removed]
This 10 bagger is just like 2 day salary
[deleted]
FDX for sure, been doing that as well, don't know whats up with tak
Damn bro, what the giants do to you
My right AirPod is permanently on low volume, ordered another pair today
Sadly not. Im sure theres some but its an inbred gathering place.
Is there a SPAC educational thread to point people to? 

I still get retards flexing about SPAC’s that don’t understand the difference between warrants and shares. And I just don’t have the time or the patience...
Buy options.
You're not an autist, retard, there's a fucking difference.
Bought at the top and pulled out faster than your wife's boyfriend after finding out she was off her bc.
[deleted]
How does that work... you feel fine and then bam your dead?
Bro you already dead. F
oooor gamma comes off at opex and we drill into February like every analyst is talking about
I’m pretty sure aoc is lesbian
I understand your long position and intend to be here long however I think once people see earnings on the 11th they will pile into this ticker.
I'm 27 years old. I believe in taking care of myself and a balanced diet and rigorous exercise routine. In the morning if my face is a little puffy I'll put on an ice pack while doing stomach crunches. I can do 1000 now. After I remove the ice pack I use a deep pore cleanser lotion. In the shower I use a water activated gel cleanser, then a honey almond body scrub, and on the face an exfoliating gel scrub. Then I apply an herb-mint facial mask which I leave on for 10 minutes while I prepare the rest of my routine. I always use an after shave lotion with little or no alcohol, because alcohol dries your face out and makes you look older. Then moisturizer, then an anti-aging eye balm followed by a final moisturizing protective lotion.
you blame him, but they all knew McConnell wouldn't take up the bill. That's why the House voted for it.
I need my Vbucks ASAP
No
Trump spent most of his Presidency fighting Democrat efforts to delegitimize his election win. So its a bit rich to complain when he delegitimizes Biden's election win. Karma is a she-dog
Dude! XL is so undervalued right now. 

Get in before it takes off.
Do 2 more ten bagger, $800 to $8 k then $8 k to $80 k...

That’s when you can post it to WSB. Not these peanuts “gain”
Great question. Saw people today saying the options they held prior had become invalid/untradeable.
242.37 is the equivalent ADR price (+2.5%)
13 if you count ghost loads!
[deleted]
Must have been from first one/my last refund. I did nothing proactively.
Eat my dongus you fuckin nerd.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
TLDR: Dude must be a time traveler as he says he giving a history lesson then makes predictions about 2100.   
Doesn't even really say why PLTR is the play of the future. Saying shit like this seems retarded in the bad way:  


> This is why every contract and sticky ones PLTR has is so important, because these relationships will scale in a non-linear way once AI and machine learning starts making its way into large institutions ...

What large institutions aren't already exploring AI/ML and data science? Regression and decisions trees have been around for ages. Deep learning can do some pretty cool stuff, but def has limitations. 

PS: I'm Long PLTR and work in software on a data science team.
Whats the stimulus check Yolo tomorrow?
Just remember news is released after the fact. meaning it already down. (Buy the dip) its going to go up 🚀🚀🚀🚀
More AAPL calls
[deleted]
Mitch is the kind of guy who visits children’s cancer wards to cheer himself up
Sister gave me AirPods last Christmas. 
Not one problem all year. 

Today they stopped charging.  
Took some resetting and cuss words, but they are charging again. 

**Planned obsolescence is real.**
Um.  No it doesn't.
We only reference out autists here, not artists.
i bought a measly 25 shares of PLTR at $24.81.. we holding till earnings ?? or expecting a rally back to $29 before then?
everybody loves talking about it but nobody wants to live there lol
dO yALl eVeN sARcAsm
Completly fair. It just seems like a good fit with his personal/political interest. It would definitely not shock me. A lot of people saying in n out or chick fila, which does not excite me. 

But either way, I feel like the announcement will trigger a jump in price. If I like the company ill stay in.
I’m at about 150 contracts currently. And $1/ contract is bare min, don’t think I have ever actually been that low but technically you could. Also if you did thats a 1% return per day so thats still not bad at all. I aim for about $11/contract.
Futures were green
Your post has been removed because a single link is insufficient DD. Please review the following links before resubmitting.

Please note that abusing DD flair can lead to getting banned.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

[How to conduct DD](https://www.wallstreetoasis.com/forums/on-the-job-with-simple-as-my-research-process)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
lmao
His name is Ma Yun, not Jack Ma.
Biggest and most investor friendly. I’d pause slightly at buying this high though.
try again
Is ARKK dipping below $100 again soon?
Wut. No.
Literally more money for the rest of us.
Yeah, for sure it is. The losses and gains are the fun numbers though.
RIP
I’ll do it for $100
Am I the only one going crazy because this guy used “their” wrong two different ways, three different times?
Gonna make him clean the whole damn house, laundry, dishes for the whole yr every single day. LOL.
cause they are lying.
The similarities. Human development of mankind. The simalarities of boobs and butts.

Back when we walked on all fours there was a thing right in front of us, a butt. Then from the time mankind started walking on two legs, we stopped having butts sticking in our faces all the time. And in their place boobs appeared right in our faces. Women grew larger breasts to take the place of buttocks. THE ORIGINAL SOURCE OF LIFE IS THE BUTTOCKS! Boobs are just a substitute. Boobs are nothing more than a pale imitation of the buttocks! If you asked would you rather have the copy or the original,I would take the original! Hips and ass indicate fertility !Boobs jut out forward due to the process of evolution, Keeping buttocks farther back and the rear hidden! 

THIS IS WHY I AM AN ASS MAN!
I jumped on BB but missed the post
[deleted]
/r/newdealamerica
USD will always be the worlds reserve currency, DXY don’t matter. 🦅
r/COCissexy
They still want that 💰
Or Norm Macdonald live
you got me . im in
When was there a short squeeze on it?
tRiCkLe DoWn forever
I promise I only come here when I’m bored
psth clearly p&d
Can’t wait until they just finally fucking pass it and all of the politicians blocking it get bent over and fucked hard like the gay bears they are
Dear PLTR, I just drank a fifth of market data through my eyeballs dare me to buy?
Venmo trending on Twitter so Mitch can pay up lmao 😂😂
[deleted]
piss also comes out the same hole as cum
Tattoos are for poors
😚
😎😎😎 jack ma more like jack muah
They were given immunity as long as they are neutral and dont take sides. Trump is basically saying if you want to take sides like CNN or FOX than you lose your immunity and be liable to be sued. Cant have it both ways. Saying we dont have liability as its all user generated content but then blocking content you dont like
thanks man. not feeling too great about them at the moment :/
And once again, GME is on the [SHO threshold securities list](https://www.nyse.com/regulation/threshold-securities) for the 14th consecutive day. I don’t think failure to clear gets enforced by the SEC as much as we think. I believe Overstock was on that list for over 600 consecutive days at one point.
Days?  Ha.  I was thinking in a couple minutes *max*
a little too specific
[deleted]
Sometimes it's time to cash out.
Anyone tryna run cold war
Type aliexpress.com into the garbagebar, it will take you to the trashsite for garbageland.  Then you can purchase garbage for USD!
Feels bad man
[removed]
🤡
[deleted]
He limited the size of it so he didnt limit his scope of targets. He has already limited his scope in a magnitudinous manner with the size of it and stating he wants a 15-20% stake. Seems like a poor way to do a spac...regardless, I threw 3k into it because why not
Making money isn’t as easy as I though, it’s harder than I anticipated
Thank you
do y’all even sarcasm 🤔🤔🤔
Mitch the kind of guy to ask for sex during a parent teacher conference.
Exactly.
What are you 90?
stay tf away
Bro Its just numbers on a screen
My mouth is one size fits all
Retard
You still hit tho?
Another indicator that someone is a stock fraud is when they remind you to do your own due diligence.  This phrase basically gets them off the hook.  Did they not do their own DD before buying and recommending  a certain stock?  Of course they didn't because they probably don't play the stock market.

The trend I've discovered is how poor companies will enlist an online marketing company to promote their lousy shares.  The marketing company outsources the labor to overseas cyber sweatshops where workers operate fake Twitter and Telegram accounts to promote stocks.  Tim Sykes has established schools in Bali, the Philippines, and Guatemala.  That's probably just a coincidence.   There's one school in Bali named after one of Sykes' top students, the Tim Grittani School.  It writes itself, don't it?

People are lazy and don't want to learn, and it's this demographic that the scammers target.  I find these fake promoters to be rather entertaining and I try to engage in conversation with them.  I'll say things like, "My friend asked me if ENCZ was going to the moon, and I said of course it was, so he put his life savings on it and lost it all.  His wife and kids left him and he tried to kill himself.  Do you think it will come back this week. What should I tell my friend? He's in the hospital and the WiFi sux."  

Or something along those lines.  I only do it when I'm bored, but it's funny when they respond.
You say gekko?
You don’t understand. That’s how bad she felt for me
https://www.healthline.com/health/cold-shower-benefits
[deleted]
Good point. People can do much worse.
Wow you got in early. Goodluck with the calls man.

Personally sticking to just shares. Timeframe over a year minimum
Fuck you and shut up
More like fubar
on your knees
[deleted]
Check out MOON
Turtles don't grow hair.
Oy mate! It is me birthday!
This shit is going to retest 40 in no time.
Your reply popped up so I clicked it and it took me to my empty comment. I had to navigate somehow to find your comment. What the fuck is this
Maybe she was just bored. Sometimes you have to see shit for what it is and move onto the next
Lol you don’t just die from cardio exercise at age 40. There was something else going on, some underlying disease/ issue that was not known
Nobody talking about 0 but mooning on fumes, and people talking about weekly fds is insanity
[deleted]
VIX. 🤔🤔🤔
[deleted]
More inheritance being transferred from old people to young yolo’ers and tiktok stock gurus.
🍻
hmm you have a point. I have 60 shares that i got at 10.70, now wish i had bought wayyy more lol. And now i’m balls deep on calls that are like -50% and cancelled out my share gains.
Without being passive aggressive, could you elaborate?
This is the way 😂
I’m so happy
[removed]
Make the other guys from yesterday double their position first. There’s a line here 😀
[deleted]
So what you're saying is that all stocks are pump and dumps then?
Nice. What are their problems going forward?
Nah used to sprint a ton back when played rugby decades ago (we had a beep test where to get a good score people would be puking).  Those days are passed and fine with it.
He's trying to pump the warrants. It takes a certain number of warrants to buy one common. He used the common office target and the warrant ticker

Idk why he thinks he's going to pump something with 1M in daily volume, but either way it's manipulation.
Well they claim to be until they feel a moral obligation, then the whole small government argument falls flat. Oh, and the military.
Pltr 30 eod 🚀 🚀🚀
Anyone here have tattoos? Do you regret them? Artist recommendations in Texas?
Anyone else notice ARKG buy up over 3 million shares of RHHBY over the past week? It’s now their 12th largest holding. The fuck is Cathie scheming up
Nah bro those hoes want your money they don’t care about dick size
Once 230 is abolished and FB and Twitter get sued into bankruptcy there will be enough space for alternates to grow.
Spy still at 371. It’s all good. Memes gonna meme
90% sure it won’t be till after Jan 15. If it is oh well
[deleted]
That was the most unhelpful link ever. I can't even read and it didn't do anything for me.
must be ios, I'm just retarded
This is the way.
The simulation has an odd sense of humor
[deleted]
Lick balls
[deleted]
Imagine not knowing about George Carlin
Another down day expected tomorrow, if you're in meme stocks. EOY selloff, so batten down the hatches and take the L like men
So an already super-big private company. Great. What about that says significant upside to you? Am I not seeing the math?
Point? We run the world
in case it goes down some more I have some cpupons.for Wendy's tendies we can photocopy and uae
!RemindMe 8 hours
Hmm have you tried not being retarded?
Math
Dear PLTR,

I wrote you but you still ain’t callin. I left my stonks my RH and my tendies at the bottom.
Fingers crossed here too. Either way, that’s why I’m holding shares. Timing the moon mission is hard, but it will happen
did you have to apply or is it pre-registered from the first one?
App confuses the hell out of me but fuckers been in my dms lately so I been using it
[deleted]
Short. I am not that retarded 🎉
I’m yoloing my first ever call because of this
Buy NIO until you can get dick surgery
Ban if autist doesn't double his positions
How does Mitch not cut himself shaving?
🐱🐱🐱
true story - during a dinner one night exactly 97 days ago i talked my drunken uncle into taking my $100 to $100,000 ten year challenge. 10 double up flips, one per year. I chose "PIC" as the stock. He was able to almost TRIPLE his first flip of the challenge in 3 months now im a gotdamn stock genius in his eyes. LOL
Might be the 30th but I’m
New to
This
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/poopiensnshs the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
USD is beyond dead
Fucking puts on reddit when it’s public if they think this app is anything
7? Awfully bold of you to assume I’m not buying 0dte
lol double down.. but its suppose to be double down on farther dated options lol
I have been doing this with SPX for the last 6 months and have been doing really, really well off it. I mentioned the method I used once and got heavily shit on so I never brought it up again. Guess I'm in the top 24%
Im on it :)  dont worry i do drugs enough for multiple people
At least we tried
Fuck this piece of turd.  He’s about as annoying as my herpes cold sores that keeps coming up when I’m about to have another date.  Fucker.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Who invented the butt. Like how is something that has literal shit coming out of it so aesthetically appealing
Cash app most autistic broker confirmed
Not Murican here. What's the last day of 2020 for Muricans to sell and realize their gains for tax purposes?
Welcome

First time?

➰
Holy fuck
I could use the USPS to harrass someone, i could text someone to harass them, i could even use ubereats to deliver to them.

Also something that would make me more hesitant to make my claims is if these companies or the internet as a whole was nationalized or designated a common carrier.
Wow. Just leave.
[deleted]
Night prince.
Don’t dix usually drill?
damn well i got my fingers crossed. take me to the moon PLTR it’s been long enough
Damn u must be the leader of the autists. 😂😂😂 all kidding aside those are covered calls that I sold. People bought calls from me and I got paid for it, when it expires I’ll make some nice tendies
[deleted]
How the fuck does anyone deal with this shit app. No tabs. No fucking clue where you are. And my page with interesting material is gone
Mitch has priorities sir
Excuse me who told this guy to count to my IQ?
JFC... lol 235k on 2 week calls. I expect you to hold to expiration or to 20M+
\> THIS SHIT IS GONNA FUCKING MOON 

bruh

you sold cc's at 30. anything above 30 you don't even make the profit. so if it moons to 40+ you'd be kicking yourself.
Usually when companies start a big venture into a different field, it's a massive failure.  We'll see how it goes.  Also, apple will only produce and expensive car.  No model 3 competitor from them.
Oh I know they don’t need it but PSTH will have to grab something big.  The changes in direct listing regs might have changed that calculation for stripe.  I’d take whatever Ackman bets on though.
MAYBE WORK UP TO IT
No sense of humor, sigh
I bought 20k in call options but they're 100 strike price and dated for june 2021 and jan 2022
What does the cold shower do. I mean I’m in for everything else you said
Jokingly mention this today haha, are you me?
[deleted]
urban tea gapping up tomorrow
HAHAHA
I’d fucking rather that and have some dignity
[deleted]
I’m sorry. I thought this was America.
Whats up w the ark options strikes
You retards are gonna get nuked
https://www.google.com/search?q=when+is+ces
[deleted]
Lmfao those cucks. Shitty Award well deserved then
Issa joke
Well not like Euros have growth stocks in their home markets.
[removed]
I'm giving free injections to Chinese women. Line up behind the Wendy's.
100%
[deleted]
Everybody talking shit about robinhooders but how about all the cashapp investing about to happen from this stimulus deposit? Lots of 600$ purchases of SQ shares within cashapp?
Congress passed a $1.7T tax cut for 651 billionaires. Six hundred and fifty one.

$1.7T is enough for the 200M Americans who make less than $200K/year to get $8500 Each. Yet your measly request for $2000 is rejected.
Nope
Yeah ok Josh we get it. You studied abroad in New Deli.

Get over it.
Eat my dickwich!
🙏🏼
Hooker just gave me a refund my dick was so small 😐
some people made money here off WWE selling puts to people while whispering they would cancel Wrestlemania. Vince was too tied in with mango in office and his wife in govt, was dumb to bet against him. Costs stayed low during COVID and he was able to adjust quick.

They do face some legit problems going forward but their IP is great. They have rights on these fuckers forever. Tons or marketing and merchandising roads to take. The Undertaker documentary was a perfect showing of this. Guys like me who grew up on him are a huge market. I'm not buying the toys or watching this shit anymore, but I can't pass up Mick Foley and Taker shooting.
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/SuitableResource9073 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
She’s actually 5’10
WSB will take their $600 and turn it into $0 in 7 days.
Do it like the Iran treaty. An annual waiver to be certified by the President/FTC that the companies are behaving and not taking sides. As long as they behave their immunity shield stays. When they dont the sanctions snapback and they get sued into bankruptcy. Lets see if they behave or not. If they still dont the shareholders will get rid of the management.
That’s what I did but kept mistiming it. Just buy a little bit each major dip
Hi grandpa! Have you just found the internet?
People think they're Gordon Gekko when in reality they are the Geico Gecko
Yes, until January 3rd I believe
[removed]
Is it true in 15 minutes you can save people 25% off their car insurance?
I’ve stumbled across ProjectOption before but didn’t watch too much. I’ll take a look at them again, thanks.
[deleted]
You guys think B N G O IS pump & dump?

Anyone had time to do real DD?
This could end badly. No substantial assets no substantial income. I price this at $9 usd. Sounds like a pump and dump. Ban.
That sounds risky
Apple stonks only go up if you buy on a dip.
I wish gold would moon
Great stuff!
Thank you my good man, these are DD’s that I come here for. Iborrowdesk is just limited to short shares avail & rates strictly for IB. If you have access to level II I wonder if you could see the SSR alert the moment it’s triggered.
Prefer [these](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y3RIHnK0_NE)
They aren't messing with mRNA tech
1/12
You're 5.3" so perfect match
He's gonna take Bloomberg public via SPAC? LMAO.

Ackman.. I guess I can get on board but he's made plenty of dumbass plays to temper my would-be excitement.
Yeah it’s a motherfucker that drives me nuts. I sold covered calls in July after it was limpdicking around for months RIGHT before it broke to the moon. 

Next catalyst would be Jan 12th where Lisa is giving the CES keynote. Godspeed
Every time the same thing with these europoors at 1am they all wake up, come together and take a big dump on the US futures market
Also end of year, but yeah this market is joke haha
Y’all on the HUYA train? I owned stock but sold it
[deleted]
So you going bear yet?  I feel like both sides are a trap for the moment.
Thanks homie
[deleted]
How about a $600k gain from mutual funds in 9 months? Or is it better to bet with credit card debt lmao
There was more gravity back then
Pretty based tbh. Went there one time to dunk on them but they were cool af. Actually helpful to each other too.
This should be a post, take my upvote.
No his fav is the blood of innocent children
[deleted]
you were 1 missclick from being a thousandaire
That's exactly why US Baba doesn't follow HK you fucking retard LMAO


Let's say Baba goes up 3% in HK now (Wednesday), wouldn't the whole fucking US market just buy baba call tomorrow at open according to you? No it doesn't work like that.

You said "US BABA follows HK BABA", why don't you just trade baba exclusively? You can just look at what happened to Baba in Hong Kong 8 hours ago and the US market will follow right?? 😂😂 You will be rich af bro, predicting the chart.


You are literally fucking retarded, learn how ADR works, not wasting my time with you.
go back to quora
What's that? Buy more aapl calls? Ok
So people get foreclosed and house prices go down. People will buy the dip, even in real-estate
Lol I have 300k in psth, even if another 10000 shares are bought from the people on this sub, that’s only 300k. 300k is jackshit compared to the daily average volume of 3.5 mill ($92,000,000)
[removed]
His head is shaped like a peanut.
"next 10x stock???"

Yea fk off.
Sell your contracts bro
GME had really solid DD back when it was trading around $4.  Short squeeze everyone is praying for - i’m doubtful it will manifest.  Company does have some more upside potential to really grow (hence my 600 shares), but there are definitely some ‘if’s’ attached.
[removed]
Mango tweeting atm. Hopefully he doesn't say anything about the stock market
[deleted]
Most the tech/growth non-boomer market got cucked today. MM are definitely fucking with this one but I dunno if it’s the case today.
Less weak hands sellers = bullish
I could be wrong, I think there is a decent chance GME turns into a 20B company within 10 years. 

If we get a short squeeze, we could reach 200+ within 2 years. 

I went through HLF, OSTK, TSLA short squeeze, GME is pretty similar. Seems to me it's in the early stage.
Old news
Yeah, and cryptology is just the study of puzzles. You can get a degree in either because they both have larger uses in the world and applications than what their name implies.
New to using the app. Usually only use old.reddit. Now I’ve lost that aoc page
but they do print it...How else do you think money come from.
But they made the jump though... 💎🤲
I will be messaging you in 17 days on [**2021-01-16 00:00:00 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2021-01-16%2000:00:00%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://np.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kms2fz/235k_yolo_on_xl_fleet_115_calls_pray_for_me/ghgzrnh/?context=3)

[**7 OTHERS CLICKED THIS LINK**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fkms2fz%2F235k_yolo_on_xl_fleet_115_calls_pray_for_me%2Fghgzrnh%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202021-01-16%2000%3A00%3A00%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%20kms2fz)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|
The interview is on palantir’s role in covid vaccine distribution/tracking. Could be a news drop. Just a hypothetical, but not too outlandish to imagine. 

Either way, will likely bring good news/press.

Edit: 🚀🚀
Vaccines  are giving people cerebral palsy? 

Is that sorta like how I caught crabs from a toilet seat?
Yeah we're mostly betting on Ackman here. The reason i'm in is because I think Bloomberg would be a good fit, if it ends up being something else, I hope can take me to tendie town, but I'll sell.
Let’s not forget how insanely overpriced this stock is at p/s of 190, TSLA is only 22 for comparison. It was my DD from last week that uncovered this and I think there is plenty of room down from here. Also don’t forget the massive, 300m share unlock coming in March. All of this while the CEO makes 1.1B in option based pay this year and the company generates less than 500m in yearly revenue lol.

Feb 300c and may 250c owner.
[deleted]
This is a pump. Don’t fall for this trap. Contact the SEC on this dildo
Jan 15 242.50
[deleted]
Here's mine 25  https://linksharing.samsungcloud.com/jV357cPpk9ZS
Gordon Gekko is my spirit animal.
When is ces
Ask this guy “not sure”. He’s gonna solve all our problems
I just saw f nasty lol
print some more tendies and upgrade to a gold version 🚀
make me
Proof of your investment or you a pump and dumper son
They love when you notice the little things playa
Mitch is the kind of guy who will put the remote up his ass so his wife can’t change the channel
Who the hell dares dump futures this late
technical analysis
You’re retarded. You’re confusing warrants with commons. Commons transfer share for share.
hydration is important
When I walk around without a mask I just tell people I already got my vaccines, the pzifer, J&J, Moderna & AZN. Fully loaded baby 🤪🤪🤪
I mean it's not the downvotes that make me mad, I was right like the earnings call showed, and you guys are just upset that you don't know anything.

What's making me mad is that people this stupid are in this sub, this used to be a place where people with some actual fucking money came to talk about options with some semblance of knowledge.

Not dumbass kids who say "moar"
I fucking hate how high VIX is and how expensive it makes options. I used to be able to buy puts to protect my long portfolio but now it costs way too much.
That's bullshit and you know it. Stripe does not need a SPAC to do that. Their stock offering will be one of the most heavily anticipated of all time. SPAC is for those who need marketing.
And all da hoes is laughing
People die at my age from doing sprints.  Like literally had a friend who died this year of a heart attack doing sprints.  Was only in his mid 40s.  Slow ass jogging it will be.
Going straight to GME
Meassively
This seems like pump. Sketchy.
See told ya
[removed]
[deleted]
Smoke cigs, don’t use rubbers, eat McDonald’s, do drugs fuc this guy
You buy puts? Jail. You buy gold? Jail. You buy a- well balanced portfolio- jail. You sell calls? Believe it or not, also jail.
Im there with you but I’m only doing shares and short strangles.
so whats up with white people & green bean casserole?
Thank you, I sold off my other plays and was gonna throw it at GME tomorrow but now ill wait until Thursday.
load up before CES
Are we thinking the actual efficacy is 49% or lower than?

Might have better luck just having everyone drink shooters of bat soup.
The markets, the casino, what the fuck is the difference? At least the casino displays the odds behind their games.
[removed]
He has it linked bartard
This isn’t a Left vs Right issue. Just give the American people their money and deal with the bullshit on the next spending bill. Who cares what a lame duck president wants. Or what any of these crappy politicians want. It’s not about them. 

And I’m not even going to get a check.
My pleasure
Forgot the d part of it. Just remember the s my d signs with the xs
[deleted]
[deleted]
Spray paint them gold and repost.
The only thing you need to be careful of is not buying the dip
Fuck, no shame in baby plays if they're (nearly) ten baggers.
You have a car? 😱
i mean drinking is always counterproductive to gains. that being said, i do it anyway. life isn’t worth it if you don’t. as long as you wait a bit, go for it.
Rumors they take stripe public
Goodnight boys. Catch y'all in the morning an hour before market open.
racist
It's up from where it closed here. We opened a few percentage higher bc them.
Ill do what I want sir
[deleted]
Recently AMD dropped from $98 to $90. It's ready to moon again, this time to $100 and above.
Paper hands 😩 I was waiting for NIO day but today I caved in. Might rebuy some more tomorrow for NIO day
OP is so retarded he doesn’t know that naked means to sell the calls....
Up 1.2% for the week. Where can I order Lambos? Express delivery only.
Nah, I want the MRNA one
Bitch
[deleted]
Uhh because when you buy a share of a traditional company you’re paying for 100% ownership of that share of equity in that company. Under this SPAC your BFT share is effectively worth only 30% of a regular Paysafe share.
Seems like we've had a lot of bull fake days lately (green pre-market, green first few minutes of market open), and then drop. Granted, no huge drops, although they have been pretty big for some of the huge gainers / meme stocks this week.
What kind of stock follows another stock? Like cmon man. Think for once in your life!!!
...
Lol Their version of a meme is just echoing "time in the market beats timing the market!" or some other equally lame phrase, but the difference is - they're actually being dead serious, and their memes are not funny. 

If i read another post telling someone to DCA into a market wide index, i'm going to scream.
[deleted]
Yeah, and they need 3% yield to round-out their trillion dollar portfolios.
That pdf I can sign is a company?
I wasn't the comment above yours but anyhow-

I was just clarifying it isn't an either/or scenario.  I think we basically agree.  I think you maybe underemphasized fiscal policy by overemphasizing the monetary aspects of stimulus, which for the degree of  stimulus being discussed is negligible.  Congress has to whip out a bigger package if it's going to in any way balance the fiscal efforts so far (as evidenced by a zero rate indefinitely).
5’3” and I don’t want to know if I’m wrong
You gotta diversify yo bonds nigga
If dollar breaks lower from this level it’s straight to tendie town for all of us.
Just cuz you love beans as well, I’m in 🚀
I feel you but try to take emotion out of it
So yes?
DXY tanking. Dems will win Georgia. Gold and silver going to the fuckin moon

No more toilet paper shortages bc you can just go ahead and use US Federal Reserve Notes
And if it doesn’t, what’s your wife’s boyfriend going to do to you when he finds out you blew the gold diggers cash?
[deleted]
Yeah, I started with him, I've watched a lot more ProjectOption lately, he's a bit dry but it's good content. TastyTrade has solid options content too.
Yeah crashed and recovered. Still made some money but I could have made more
Yes as in the US market is open after HK...
Boomers will take their $600 and turn it into $1200 in 7 years
I think it's going to be interesting to see how much they paid for ShopRunner. 

Also a fun fact: UPS was a VC investor in ShopRunner. Usually corporate VC will structure in a ROFR  into their investment terms so they can buy it for the same valuation as the interested party. One wonders why they allowed it to be sold to FDX if its that game changing.
Its prob some kind of ancient powder you rub on your arms.
There are much bigger investors than this
Did u went to hospital ? I think iight have covid too. Whole body is hot as a frying pan.
Text and email notifications of a deposit from irs.
Hope so m, then we can short more shares at a higher price
[deleted]
waiting another day or two to see what it dips to
Percentage tho
and alipay
Sir pumps a lot... Back that ass out of here.
As always.
Proof of 200K or GTFO...
U know that’s not what I meant but it was still funny seeing it typed out 

Take it fucker
You gotta remember wu tang clan ain’t nothin to fuck with. Once you learn that you’re solid.
A good reason to be proud! Shit, head over to r/SecurityAnalysis and check out some fund quarter reports & projections. Predictions are all over the place. Some predict a Democrat sweep leading to more brrrr stonks only go up. Others are gay bears moving client money into gold and trinkets. These "professionals" somehow have people believing they have a better chance of not blowing up their money.

At least we understand that all this is a gamble and prices are a function of other retards FOMOing in and out of the next meme.
Jesus Christ I think we actually found a retard. Quick, grab him so he doesn’t get away
 HUYA will rally tomorrow.
March 9
source? 

wait never mind your definitely just pulling that out of your ass. i hope you’re right tho because i’ll be a rich man if so 🚀🚀
[removed]
I know . A little scared this time though cuz of competition from apple and Microsoft news. And I bought some shares on margin 😅
It was Openinsider.com  /u/Construction_Man1 in /r/stocks got it. I appreciate the help though!
Rockefeller didnt sell oil he sold the shovels
[deleted]
stonks go up
Stupid question here but why is the 6 month chart showing huge dips to near 0 dollars on Google's 6 month chart and a very different chart using Yahoo??
SPY opens +.5% and bleeds to red again?
we gotta be comfy while we are in the sky waiting for the dust to settle after the plebs eat each other.
So what? That's not a reason to buy it.
Chincollector
[deleted]
I would wait a bit. It’s gonna dip more.
Thank you and come again!
https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/k115b2/update_3k_to_37k_pltr_gains/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf

Is this not more than a 5 bagger?
He collects them
Literally the biggest SPAC ever
Gyna is late, moderna and Pfizer is 1 month ahead
Cant weld peoples doors shut and quarantine off entire cities forever
OANN,CNN,FOX do not have Section 230 protection. Repealing Section 230 would bring FB and Twitter onto the same legal playing field as CNN and FOX.

If FB and Twitter want to behave like CNN and FOX they should give up the special protections given to Internet platforms in Section 230.
Money orders by Pony Express.
Different currency
[deleted]
Baba owns express
This is a gambling sub. wtf is finance?
shut it biiiitch, we all know what ur doing
[deleted]
Also once again holy fuck the inefficiency on INTC weeklies is blowing my mind. Who tf sells a call 4% otm for two pennies
[deleted]
Knowing my brother-in-law, whom I was around all weekend, tested positive for COVID today, makes this shortness of breath slightly disconcerting. 


Anyway bout to hit the hay. If I don’t comment on the daily thread by market open y’all will know why.


&nbsp;


#GME 🚀🚀🚀
FIX YOUR POSTURE. DRINK LOTS OF WATER. DO SPRINTS, PULLUPS AND PUSHUPS. TAKE COLD SHOWERS
NIO
Hahahah I gotta off set this tax somehow old man
Got it. Lift weights and drink beer
I love when girls get their nails done. Always compliment them on it. 

They must think I’m gay
[deleted]
Yes
For basic options strategies/info, I really like InTheMoney. He goes into some basic TA in some of his videos as well.
Neat
CS major I can sorta relate
iPhone
Bro after u go from 12k to 80k and back down to 12k like me.....u don’t have the patience anymore because you feel like you should be at 80k so u just chase loses. U feel me
[removed]
How can these guys be so confident in PSTH if they don't even know what they're going to buy/merge with?

Either they know something we don't.

They're drinking way too much of Ackman's jizz-filled Kool-Aid.

Or they high on their own supply of hopium.

There is no valid reason to be that big on PSTH.
That shits a data lake - every big company is building their own. What do we think the amount of data they have is compared to Amazon or Microsoft or Apple? The real money comes from making the data yuseful. Boomer Buffet should've stuck with coca cola
bitch
r/babystreetbets
ARKG LEAPS

&#x200B;

Cathie gonna edit our genes so we can land on the moon
he is a white walker
wow. that site is some weird shit. talk about a feedback loop of bitter bitches
Its for the pangolins.
Whixh stock to yolo 1k into pltr or gme call jan 8 dte
Theyve pretty much always been terrible. They also treat the performers really poorly
“Business is sketchy”.. sounds like a real winner right there
weird adjective
?
We reported 3.4k deaths yesterday/today? Oh that explains the green futures.
You said "I think US follows the HK market"

It DOES NOT.

You retard. If it does, then everyone in the US will get free money since they can predict the future.

Holy fuck how retarded are you? Literally brain dead
Because the market has been surpressed for the past two days, we are getting checks deposited tomorrow, $2000 stimulus is on the table + more if we get a democrat majority, Bernie is gonna fuck the republican candidates out of being able to campaign for the most important senate race in 2020 whilst the democrats are campaigning literally door to door with tons of musicians, actors and politicians.
First world problems
Imagine paper handing ARKK instead of buying the dip.  🤡
Asia pls make us fly again
Ok but all good to lift some dumbbells and then drink beer to grow my gains right?

34/m
So u think this was the correction to memefolio or more massacre to come when market really corrects? I am already 1/3 down from my gains in last 3 months
bruh the urge to comment is real. So many confused women.
Someone drops the f nasty rn I’ll give them a shitty award
Is alibaba the same as Allie express?
I bought more yesterday. Currently sitting on 1350 shares. What a mad day.
are you talking about puts? why the fuck are you buying puts?

how many times do we have to teach you this lesson old man?
No I’m pretty sure this is where I get my lambo. I’ll wait.
How certain are you that $MT and $VALE are gonna pop off? I got some June calls and I'm down around 10%, don't know if I should add more.
[deleted]
Never go full retard
It’s big money for pharma companies
I look forward to seeing Vito posts!
Since its impossible to moderate all posts, what will happen in reality is that no posts will be moderated as is the intent of Section 230 - either be a platform and neutral or if you are editorializing take ownership and liability for all of it. You cant have your cake and eat it too
no...
I was at BBBY this week in LA, half the story was still empty after being picked clean from Xmas.
5 mins to the drop, bcoz europoors
[deleted]
Im all in, but can we see your positions?
⚔️ 🙌🏻
Think you nailed it.
If this guy owned a funeral parlour, no one die.

THIS TURKEY IS TOTALLY BRAIN DEAD
Unless the whole reason why it dropped has now been resolved, I don't see why it would go above where it was before the big drop unless it was all fake news for big money to buy at a good discount.
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/poopiensnshs the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Sir, I’ve told you 8 times, this is FUCKING WENDY’S and you owe $22.75 for your tendies and fries.
terrible combo

never drink and exercise
Because BABA and ANT was spared by daddy XI
BABA 12/31 252.5 C let’s go!
Real missed opportunity not going with degeneration X...
"I just hate lions for being lions" 

MM will never feel the pain from retail lmfao. the only reason wsb is even a mole on their ass is because of how "loud" it is.
Why does China need a vaccine when they only report 17 cases a day?
Probably gonna get some JD calls
counterproductive. you gotta wait at least an hour or two after lifting. THEN drink beer.
Lol didn’t realize they were public
Fidelity only allows sell orders of %50 higher then last sale.
Mitch the kinda guy who will give his sons to the white walkers
so market dropped minutes after open because McConnell the Turtle is fucking with stimmy? Fucking senile old saggy little fuck
Mitch is adding 230 in there knowing damn well it’s the best way to torpedo a bill he doesn’t want to vote on.  

Bottom line: republicans do not care about the average American, they are about corporate welfare and the super rich.  

There needs to be reform around 230, but repealing it is a death sentence for tech stocks.  

Lastly, GA will win the runoffs with or without this bill passing because Kelly and David said “we support the 2k!” which is enough for the Trump base to salivate and vote for them bc they agree with daddy regardless if if passes.  

Everyone should plan on at least four more years of co-president McConnell and elongated economic recovery so republicans can say in 2024 that ‘biden didn’t fix the economy.’
Is the last two days the correction for mid cap tech?
Dick is the way
You are literally retarded.

If you think US follows HK, just copy the chart of HK Wednesday and make trades tmr at open (US Wednesday)

This topic has been discussed hundreds of times on reddit, you are fucking retarded just stfu
[deleted]
Are you saying the original question was regarding price correlation because that’s not what we were talking about...LOL idiot.

He was just asking what you just confirmed. Which market is open first and which FOLLOWS the other one...
Where is stimmy money going to? Daily necessities, FDs or boring stonks?
Dec 21 7:25
How
Yes but we are not talking about loss harvesting which is all this sub knows about tax wise.
Baba not as high in HK as it was here. Rip baba bulls
Mitch the kind of turtle that don’t eat grass
Kind of guy that looks around and behind his back before whispering, "I said biiiiiitttchh......."
The betting markets have the Republicans projected to win both seats.  I think it’s more likely than not that either the GOP wins both seats or neither.  We’ll see what happens; however I prefer divided government as i think it poses the least amount of risk to market returns in 2021-2022.
Back on the ARKK Leap band wagon.  This dip is too good to pass up :)
ヽ༼ ຈل͜ຈ༽ ﾉ Raise ur dongers!

^^Dongers ^^Raised: ^^48509

^^Check ^^Out ^^/r/AyyLmao2DongerBot ^^For ^^More ^^Info
Moderna Pump Scheme : Inviting bag holders
Plz no. BABA to moon
ayyy lmao
& have sexual relations with whores
Cant tell if
You mean you can’t sell it cuz you’d take a loss. It’s not the same thing
its trading very well in HK markets... so itll be interesting to see where it opens up. my guess is 250 eod, 265 eoy
I am not clear on your wording. Please correct me if I am mistaken.

The "victim" wants to retaliate against the girl/slanderer. So the victim puts up the girl's contact info and other personal details. The slanderer happens to be friends with the CEO of the billboard company. So the billboard company is conducting a "biased" removal of billboard grafitti/slander.

I do agree that is biased... IANAL but I also think you are beginning to delve into policing speech. But at the end of it all, Billboard is a private company. Unless you want to nationalize the billboard company and bring it into public ownership, bias doesn't matter. OANN is biased, CNN is biased, Fox is biased, should all of their editorials and user posts be subjected to the same thing?

Also, and admittedly i haven't delved deep into this, i am under the impression FB is only biased in terms of whatever moves profits more. They have certainly allowed really crappy content on both sides.
mitches aint shit but hoes and tricks
[deleted]
My phone is in dark mode?
I really felt the part where he said "28... yeahhh.. yeahhh."
Very unlikely, I wish they find a way to manipulate the results so slv would fly
We accept him
I feel personally attacked
Let that be a lesson to you weeklies
Aw SHIT. I JUST NUTTED SO FUCKING HARD.
So you're saying after the short squeeze, we'll end up lower than where we are now?
🤦🏻
Google “Jesse Ventura”........have fun 🍆
This is awful advice
He looks like that sly dog that always knows exactly where the party's at.
I'm in this sub in the first place, how retarded can it be?
There are no technical 3rd world countries. That shit came from a French article in 1952 describing the Cold War, 1st world=Western capitalist powers, 2nd world=soviet bloc, 3rd world=all the countries not allied with either the western powers or the soviet bloc. Literally only means didn't pick a side in the Cold War. Even "developing countries" is a loose term with no formal definitions.
Perfect, I’ll FOMO right in
[deleted]
NYT:  **A Chinese Covid-19 Vaccine Has Proved Effective, Its Maker Says**

*Sinopharm, a state-controlled company, said its candidate had a 79 percent efficacy rate in interim late-stage trials, bringing a China-made vaccine a step closer to approval for mass use.*

79% efficacy is the most Chinese stat ever. Dollar store lead paint vaccine ass motherfuckers. They musta stole it from ARCT lmao
If spac hype dies, it goes down. There's no catalyst to bring it up.
\*pats Corky on the head.
Your post has been removed because a single link is insufficient DD. Please review the following links before resubmitting.

Please note that abusing DD flair can lead to getting banned.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

[How to conduct DD](https://www.wallstreetoasis.com/forums/on-the-job-with-simple-as-my-research-process)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
[deleted]
Wow what fucking retard sold those for 2 cents? Talk about identifying a market inefficiency
Drink beer and lift weights
My portfolio is 10% LKNCY, 20% SKLZ, 15% CRSR, PLTR & W. 5% PL 50% PA

And 100% reason to remember Mitch is a Bitch
How do you get the dark theme lol
TSLA going to 700 tomorrow
[deleted]
now here’s the man I’ve been looking for!! 🚀🚀
For all you fuckwits who spam this shit all the time asking for plays, here it is. ARKG loaded an additional 837k shares of TAK on 12/28 and another 290k today. Their new drug will be FDA approved within the next 6 months. Buy leaps tomorrow and then you can fuck off to tendie town you fucking degenerates
https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/9988.HK/

Yeah for some reason i always have trouble finding the europe stock exchange prices when i google
Who is she?
When Twitter incorporated as a corporation it signed onto the TOS from the US legal system. Part of those TOS  section 230 was that you get immunity from liability as long as you dont take sides. By editorializing and taking sides Twitter is in violation of those TOS and the US legal system has full rights to ban them from the service as in taking away their right to do business in the US. The US legal system is not owned by Twitter. The right to incorporate and do business is not an absolute right. We the people dont owe Twitter anything.
Is this where I order my lambo? I like green.
Mitch looks like Nien Nunb from Star Wars lmao
Is that douche bag the reason all my stocks fucking tanked today? On the plus side, GME dipped like I wanted it to so I can buy in
250 eod, rallying hard in hk and holding steady
What’s the theory?
I thought only Papa Karp can take us to the moon.
Im just disgusted that you guys didnt go 100% all in to open your position. If you need to average down, then sell the house and wife
Shouldn’t be tired. 
Haven’t done shit but scream at $SNOWs fake rallies all day. 

Mom at dinner: “You sound raspy. You getting sick?”

-No. Just allergies. 

**Fuck you SNOW.**
ban
For a short term play, it was obvious. It was bound to bounce, I just wish it went $1 lower where my buy was on the initial drop. I'd rather not hold a Chinese stock long term.
This man fucks with logic and reason.
Good thing I bought leaps my children
If you think the stock will go up, you can sell puts OTM at 45 DTE for some profit

+ if you end up getting assigned (or whatever the term is), then you have 100 shares at a lower price - then wheel it
Gay and lame
Lucky you, you dont even have to imagine
[deleted]
Enemy of the People of the United States
im on the X im on the Codeine 😳
That may be true but don't you want to maximize your profits either way?
Why's that?
Ty
Google "9988 stock"
Tax advice from WSB is going to be a mixed bag at best.
Tbf, most of us have the comprehension skills lesser than that of a 5th grader
I mean... which part is bothering you? It’s a novel  so I skimmed but it seems to generally urge women to strive to be financially independent
Are you literally retarded? HK timezone is ahead of us. If you think US follows HK baba, then you can just predict the future. 

How about you wake up tomorrow at market open and trade accordingly to the chart of HK (12hours ahead)?

Hint: US doesn't follow HK baba, you retard
[deleted]
You had me at “cheap as balls” but lost me at BarkBox.
Fidelity
[deleted]
dude now that i’m used to gaining and losing thousands in a single day i can’t go back. i wouldn’t feel alive
You really don't think PLTR can double in an entire year?
Cocksucker
Strike?
You guys are all in gay gang
Zip Trader
Proof or ban
Shut up nerd.
Yes
That's just how AMD operates. I swear someone has been selling off a position of like 100M shares for 4 months or something. Every single day it dumps early and then acts like a normal stock after that. Occasionally there are good days and they're usually really good days. They've had a shit load of price target increases lately.
   
In nomine Patris et Filii, et Spiritus Sanсti
Name these youtubers below...
Ugh twice as much work? No thanks
This is the way
This is what we always do
when the drilling starts

the shooting starts
u wot m8
Cock sucking bitch
Whats going on punk bitches
Anyone buying a TSLA weekly end of day Thursday for next week when delivery numbers are announced. Or it is priced in already
[deleted]
Pretty sure jesses her boyfriend
Wait what
I think subs like FDS is their response to subs like /r/MGTOW. None that one is quarantined and not the other?

There's also /r/trufemcels
Ah my favourite anime with my second favourite stock. Sweet
We all fuk
Holy shit. Someone sign this guy!!!
[deleted]
Biden appointed a former consultant to his cabinet, there is hope.
What's wrong with a voter fraud study?
Single year LEAPS aren't too expensive and still outperform shares. Buy it on a dip, make it OTM.
Why don’t you all take a break and check out r/AOCisSexy and r/Politically_NSFW thank me later goodnight
So SPY puts??
Gregarious
Yes as outsider it surprising that he still in consider how many he been blocked against American needs and welfare.
[deleted]
And look how long I’ve kept you on the hook replying to my “zero substantive” responses hahah I fucking win buddy 😂😂 gg so fucking easy with you self conscious babies
Did you buy puts? Or are you theta
Money making mitch
Anyone else jumping into baba calls at open
Stimmy stuff always brings out the nerds, I'll do some bannin
why did it move so much ?
No. It was in the overall government funding bill which always includes random shit like this. It was probably included to buy some random rep's vote of approval.
Bought that book within a month of when I first started 'investing'. Years before I found this sub it was repurposed to filters for my j's, and to level my aquarium tank. No regerts.
So you sold puts on a pharmaceutical stock making a covid vaccine with trial results being released? You wild man!
https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/9988.HK/
Anus licker
Buy my ticket and I’ll go
Grinch
Yes sir. I can do my division without a calculator ;)
If all the shorts cover and the price rises then it will be attractive for new shorts to start shorting again. Also the longs will cash out when they see some big gains or they will buy puts to lock-in gains. Buying puts causes MM to short the stock to stay delta neutral.

Short squeezes are usually a quick pump&dump scheme.
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/Worker_Jolly the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
You're not supposed to say that out loud, in your head silly!
Is that Right or Left on the....spectrum
Seems like a good idea to me. Go for it dude. It’s not FOMO if it works.
How tf are we gapping up tonight?! I was suppose to sleep soundly
[deleted]
Hearing reports spx short positions are going to be squeezed first half of January.   Epic rally incoming.  Prepare for it ending in a sell off at the peak perhaps around January 15th.
Imagine typing all that nonsense
Pretty mid but I agree shouldn’t be Great firewall of China’d
That doesn't count as a 5 bagger. 


https://www.fool.com/investing/general/2015/01/28/multibaggers-defined.aspx
It’s Wednesday over in HK. What day of the week is it over in the US?
HLYN hit 50 bucks before it got killed, volume on this is 5x what it was 5 days ago, ticker just changed let’s see
Puck handle in the ass hole like a true gay
*unzips dick* and if I don't???
thank you my man. that’s the energy i need
What the hell. Damn that place is cancer.
Does anyone know what happened to Stock Norm? I miss that crazy bible thumper.
Finish my statement, Mitch the ....
mitch the kinda guy to use taypayers money to buy a chin instead of fund the $2000 stimmy
Our trades are blowing up? lol, someone in that cnbc panel claimed proudly that her portfolio was nearly flat for the year.
doubt
Thanks, I’ll DM you now. That’s impressive!!
Lmao honestly, probs a dumb idea, and yet....
I had heard that there was a meeting in March that could be a time for Cohen to take over. Does anyone have information about that, or is there really no chance of a hostile takeover until June?
Need a link to BABA price in HK or wherever the fuck that isn’t NYSE
Mitch the type of guy to adopt American kids and raise them in China
ARCT did me dirty
[removed]
Honestly, I can dd really well. Even my wife's  boyfriend is impressed how i can dual wield two dildos.
Is he too turtley for the Turtle Club?
I did exactly that with puts actually, $1k... Weeklies....
I mean 1.6 mill isn’t even really a drop in the bucket come to think of it. Could be a billion dollar hedge fund, you know?
If I make $10k in a trade, and yeet it all into charity before the end of the year, does it negate capital gains taxes? Does it still get me deductions on my taxable income?
I hope tomorow is the biggest Green Day of the year just for you bro
🌈🐻like balls
We too love FDs. Boy, I wonder what theyd think of our FDs?
500k is ridiculous. More like 400k.
ban this idiot
No idea why he didn't buy, but he is still positioned to be very profitable from his investment. Money isn't an issue when you're that wealthy. You don't care about it as much. Its more of the reputation thing. I think Cohen may want to prove he can come in, clean house and reimagine GME to be an ecommerce category killer. That's more important than making an extra few hundred million and just buying it outright. We should see what happens with his intent before Q4 ER. Happy to hold in the meantime.
You think we fly past $40?
Why all the SLV pumpers in here. Seem sus.
Yes that is likely true. The problem is that big tech uses their influence as a political weapon.

Quite the dilemma.
Ima Buy slv Tomorrow, ima follow big money
I’d say give it a week or 2 and we’re mooning.... we have to wait for all the stimulus money reach everyone’s pocket
Every futures dip is bought up immediately lmao
Can someone tell DC comics to make moves other then Batman, Superman and WW. That’s why Marvel is kicking their ass, ATT is such a dumpster fire overall, $150+ billion revenue with 0.5% profit
More Mitch memes coming
PLTR 💎🙌. Karp likely dropping big news in interview coming up + contracts will continue to roll in 🚀🚀 buy the dip guys
Im not retarded
F
How do you see that Data? Please help I'm new...
u hurt my eyes sir
I promise you that 95% of WSB investors also have no idea how the money from their ordered sale makes it into whatever brokerage account they have.
[removed]
What the foc are you talking about you retard?
GLD had a shit ton of Jan 15/Feb calls as well.

It's a bet that the Dems will win Georgia --> more money coming when they control presidency, house and senate (tie but tiebreaker is VP), I think.
How did you come across that and what is this document?
how do you time it?
I saw FDs and thought it was a support group for degenerate gamblers who lost all their money on OTM 0dte SPY calls... Would have been more fun.
Hedges for senate runoff & tax szn selling
Hahahaa
Mitch added stuff to the bill to make sure it doesnt pass.
[deleted]
Please another red day I need to buy more
Golden cross formed on XLE today and somebody bought an absolute metric fuckton of Jan 29 $43c at close
IKBR clients are net [short the market](https://twitter.com/squawkalley/status/1343982351769075713?s=21) for the first time ever.  But don’t get fooled by what is probably a misinterpretation and jump into puts.  They’re selling OTM calls to capitalize on retail while volume slows due to macro concerns (virus, election runoff, ATHs etc.).  Get your calls close to the money and hedge with spreads so you don’t get theta raped.
migrate to china then
loaded up on calls today, please god don’t let tomorrow be as gay as today was
Weekly Options when it mooned in a day
Mitch is the kinda guy that will snort all your cocaine and host an intervention for you the next day
[deleted]
Won’t load for me 🧐🧐🧐🧐
If you’re a 🌈🐻, you hate tendies
Mitch the type of guy to put picture frames on his desk and not replace the stock photo
🦈💕
Man it's very hard to aim for PUTS lol..
Fuck off, retard. Research and DD is for nerds.
[deleted]
Expected move is only $7 for 1/15. $85 is more than 2x the expected move. $75 would be safer.
When is BFT merging , we need a new bull trigger
ヽ༼ ຈل͜ຈ༽ ﾉ Raise ur dongers!

^^Dongers ^^Raised: ^^48508

^^Check ^^Out ^^/r/AyyLmao2DongerBot ^^For ^^More ^^Info
Gold bro come on. Why can’t you be like silver?
Found this funny 

https://i.imgur.com/JC0ueSw.jpg
1779, it was BEFORE he started snorting Coke.
how else would they suck you up to the ship
Ayyy Lmao
[deleted]
Dark pools selling off
you don’t?
Here’s what you should do:

1) quit trying to brag about your $40k in RH. 
2) come back and try this again when your account hits $0.00.
Why?
Wut? Social media companies donated mostly to dems, and dems were in white houuse so they safe retard
You’re so right, and yet that’s basically 30% returns. Funny how this market makes that seem so lame lol.
[deleted]
Uninstall app and don't check for 6 months
If Repubs lose the Senate, Biden will tax cap gains at same rates as income tax. This will be a huge hit for wall street and the market is bound to crash. Stock Markets love divided govt as when nothing gets done, those who benefit from the status quo are happiest.
Technically still a third world country? It refers to countries didnt align with NATO or the Warsaw Pact during the cold war...what do you mean technically?
Do MM's ever make it easy? Max pain is probably trying to burn all of the newly bought puts right now.
PLTR calls
i dont trade stocks but best believe i will be here talking shit and watching their chart lmao
Buyers drying up and hedging rising
Check out greenclub.io if you email them they give your a discount for first time customers thank me later

Forgot to mention it’s online grocery delivery
Boxing is simple. Hit and don’t get hit
Couldn’t even imagine 😆
Global warming is gonna kill us before you even have to start worrying about that contract.
Did she mention the other two people on the 3some?
I mean they announced they had a real life xfiles over the summer. If you look for the details, there’s been a lot about alien disclosures this year at the federal level. Apparently trump wanted to reveal there was aliens for years
Dont think that's enough
damn these bitches love FDs
You cum in shampoo? Tight
They are not almost the same price they went up 3ish%
Ticker on the next meme stock
Try going further OTM bro it’s not far enough
FD principles eh
I mean we’ve still got some time. The current narrative is that it’s being manipulated. It just needs some traction with the general public.
-Account is less than a year old

-Second ever post, never commented on WSB before

-“Stonkslegend”

Yea, this is a pump and dump
Start buying shares and only gamble 20% of your account. You'll thank me at the end of the year when you have something to show for it.
W is warrants
I missed that chance to drop a perfect pun
Yesterday
Well Idk if you can see it now since those 🏳️‍🌈 🐻 voted to remove it but here's the link:

https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kmt41p/how_i_met_my_wife_and_her_boyfriend/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app
Can’t relate
If US follows HK then you can just wake up and copy HK  🤡🤡 are you retarded?

And they trade at a ratio, 7.78/8
You have an entire year....
Wanted to link the post because holy shit lol
Warrants
If you don’t have DASH puts you hate money
When was this?
[deleted]
Do aliens give good blowjobs?
LVM
Thx Wikipedia
72,000 arizona ice teas
Damn, imagine you bought $1k worth of INTC $48 weekly FDs at .02 (low of the day) around 1:20 PM EST, go make a sandwich or something to eat and log back into your robinhood and see that these $1k turned into $100k+ in about 10 minutes....must be nice
Do it ASAP lol, my girl agreed and I procrastinated and she changed her mind again
LVM Question
yeah depends on your plan. call them to make sure
Monthly RSI indicates its oversold, I imagine we’ll see a reversal in the near future
I’m neither. I’m bullish on BABA. The stock went up on good news about Ant Group. It could’ve easily been trading sideways for months is all I’m saying.
There is no next Palantir hoe
Dudes gonna run the senate til he’s 150
When was he ever great?
I'm down like 30% already
Mitch the type to pay to suck off a tranny and get shot down cause that's "to gay"
Here is the original DD for GME, from u/DFV from back in july.  He had already accumulated a lot of his position by this time if you cross reference his reddit post.  Watch this whole fucking video.  And while your at it, watch the first 2-3 videos where he describes his investment strategy and tools.  THIS is what legitimate security analysis looks like by someone who knows their shit.  People who say he got lucky or won the lottery, have no clue how much work goes into a position like this.

https://youtu.be/GZTr1-Gp74U
its reddit man, technocratic and cuck central. I give no fucks about what these idiots think, to their own ruin.
SQ calls at open
[removed]
thank you, I was wondering if I was the only sane one on 230. 

Also if twitter does ban Trump, puts will print on that blue bird, lol
I’ll let you know! I’m doing it with PLTR but I changed the order (kind of) to get assigned right away, collected the premium from CSP, then started selling CCs around 3 weeks out and closing positions on days like today.
People on there saying they got theirs. God I hope we rally hard
Yeah, Sleepy did say he's letting all the aliens in, would just take about 6 months to change the immigration policies.
Fuck yeah
Two successful debit spreads that cost .10 back to back, let both expire ITM or very close.
Are you feeling unfulfilled? Not reaching your full potential? Lost $8k on FDs this year and have no real investments?

Because same.
1.6 million $SLV option purchased for 1/15/21 $35c. 

Damn. It. Could. Fly.
Fuck you retard are you the other guy fucking my son? Give me your shares too 

*cocks cock*
Except that now Twitter is letting someone call you and call you an asshole but when you call her back it blocks your call. Section 230 immunity was based upon being neutral. Twitter and FB have given into "Cancel culture" and are taking sides.
Ford: What’s a crumple zone? You mean the entire car?
You know you can link it like r/FemaleDatingStrategy right?
S&P futures at $374.5, going from our close of 371.5 I'd only need a need a 2.5-3% day to hit a 30 bagger
Lol no
it was nice to 6, but gonna be flat or dip further methinks as people take more off the table looking for 3ish
[deleted]
Don't bother engaging with him man. He's a special one.
Not so fast, let’s see the post first
[deleted]
Bingo
Hoping it goes to 35 soon.
"It happened twice so it has to happen a third time"

Can't go tits up. Pull out all the margin you can
China has 4x more people than us also which means GDP per person is about Mexico level.
YOU LITTLE FUCK I KNOW YOUR RH LOGIN INFORMATION IM BUYING 10 CALLS FOR WALGREENS ENJOY YOUR LOSSES SHITHEAD
my wife bought new year's decoration there today. You're welcome.
Hahahaha I’m fucking deaddd buddy you think you’re so witty but it’s hella cringe 😂😂
[removed]
I know everybody does it. No sense in getting stressed out about it.
Have been around hcells in 2012. Hope they got smaller under the hood since then.
Every short position creates a long position. 

A short seller borrows the existing long position, sells it to another long position buyer. That new long buyer is now in control of that long position.

But the existing long positioned is not gone. It's still active, just borrowed/lendes. Thus, 1 share "becomes" 2 shares.

I may be wrong, but that's how my smoothbrain understood it.

After all, how could we have 122% institutional ownership if not for some stock market fugazi like that?
This is the kind shit they are adding to the COVID bill?
I don’t get it it was at like 6k likes so obviously people were enjoying it. Didn’t do no harm
Will there be another short squeeze?
McConnell only buys Leaps bc turtles live long
Explain like I’m retarded
[deleted]
What's a sex?
-150%
Big money will come in at the close

Source: my ass
https://www.reddit.com/r/FemaleDatingStrategy/comments/kmlbs9/fds_principles_are_essential_to_professional/


That place is satire right?
Technically the billboard company would be the ones displaying the billboard. The billboard company would ultimately be just as liable for damages if they knowingly refuse to remove it. It’s basic negligence that many companies outside the internet are successfully sued for.

Going back to Grindr, Grindr is the billboard company in that scenario. They know that a user of their service is using it in a harassing way and using it to ruin someone’s life yet they do nothing about it and they allow the harassment to continue. They shouldn’t be able to get away with that just because they’re an internet company.
I just can’t wait until april
First time option play: $PLTR Jan 2022 50C .. should I worry?
Where's my Biden steaks tho?
If all the shorts cover, no one that's in now will be bagholding
It will bounce back. Holding call options
Nickleback wouldn't have any fans without it.
If I refer someone I get 3 free stocks?
I was thinking the same thing
Seriously - why do you need income to show in order to have a large loss.
If you have a large loss in the market you are only allowed to deduct $3K per year until the loss is gone. IRS does not care where the money came from that you lost.
Case in point someone sells a house and makes $300,000 from the sale, they lived in the house long enough that they don't have to report the gain from the sale.  Same person puts $100,000 in the stock market but then loses a majority of it with realized losses of $80,000.  They are then allowed to deduct $3000 per year until the loss is deducted.  If you don't want to call the IRS and ask them (its their job) then hire an accountant.
Probably cause you're a whiny bitch but idk
Strike?
Uhh no, this is a casino
Thx bby
Tinder platinum
Nah it’s short for Jessica, right?
Another Cathie follower...  me too. Calls on TAK since a month ago.
Please explain how $9 to $33 is a 5 bagger.
Is it TRIT or TRITW... they're very different pricing but same company?
I hope not, would've still been positive if I didn't add more shares yesterday. 🍋 Gave a price target of 60
My april 50 call would love that.
It would be shit to sell them
Space force means we need laser weapons, normally guns have too much recoil it might knock a ship out of orbit
[removed]
Alien disclosures in 180 days 👀👽


https://www.instagram.com/p/CJaO4fPlyr2/?igshid=kx9un1zul5ox
Piece of shit stock needs to tank
Mitch is the type of person who reminds the teacher that he/she forgot to collect yesterday’s homework.
That’s pretty smoothed brain for this sub...correct...but last thing I’m doing is selling for more gains...I’ve got to sell to jet my stimulus payments secured! 😆
It's not an obvious buy if you're a sentiment trader or a China basher
Dude for real lol. I market order on that shit and instantly down half a percent or more. Same with market order selling too, it’s fuuucked
It was recently announced that China (technically still considered a 3rd world country) will be the leading economic power in the world by 2028, ahead of schedule due to the rona slowing growth down in America

Probably just a coincidence 

GME go uppies
r/stimuluscheck
Lol no its not
**A couple haters spam-voted to delete my meme for absolutely no reason** ("how I met my wife and her boyfriend").

**Yeah I'm talking about you gay bears :**

u/Jack-Skinne u/Responsible-Effort88 u/ccscience u/icanflywheniwant u/quiveringmass u/Rynschp

&#x200B;

**Help me Make WSB great again by Voting to restore the meme and stick it to these salty gay bears. Link to vote :**

[https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=kmt41p](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=kmt41p)

Godspeed and may tomorrow be full of tendies for all
You better be 122% honest
At least you’re honest
do it and I'll buy you a share of GME
That would be a pretty big 10% day. I’ll buy the next dip.
What kind of FDs do I buy to turn 10k into 1 mil before EOW?
Having an idea then deciding against it? You don't belong here
DM me if you wanna talk. I’ll even give you my number and we can talk over the phone. I’ve been in your position. I lost ~$40K this year [and bounced back. ](https://imgur.com/gallery/rPI9Y1D?s=sms)
Jesse is definitely a dude’s name
too bad we are too retarded to be shaken off
Someone posted a dd about this a few weeks ago.. must be deleted
[deleted]
I haven’t yet DDd them but it got the potential to go to the moon! Literally
My XPev puts expiring Thursday are eager
Go all in on beetcoin

It's never too late

Price target 500k
[deleted]
I was looking at TRIT when it fell to $8 but didn't spend enough time to load up.
I collected gains this morning. Just don’t want to miss out on more
How about if you found out who was doing this and wanted to put up a Billboard putting up that girls phone number and the PTA she was President of and the billboard company owner said I wont let you do that as our kids play together. And you cant sue the billboard company. That is what Section 230 is letting Facebook do. They were given immunity saying they wont take sides but in recent years they are taking sides - they are letting liberal commentary through unfiltered but tagging the effort to fight back as "unverified".
[deleted]
Exactly. I dont think 230 should be repealed, its a threat. a threat that, if exercised, would eventually make FB, twitter, etc go the way of Myspace. The more moderation, and inevitable lawsuits, with their revenue sliced because of it, would make sure of their demise. Which i really dont care either way, just get off your (tech giants) horse and stop doing shit you shouldnt be doing.
I just need MT to get above 24 for Jan-22-21, and it's taking its sweet time...😑
Buy puts at open?

I mean Monday dump at open, Tuesday dump at open. Is this a good plan? Please talk me out of it
Cool story.
I always knew that god was an asshole
What are there big 3 at?
She also said Tyrone qualifies
oh Cathie you're gonna make me coom.
Buying the dip on twisted tea stock SAM bc their sales will be up thanks to the memes.
Pelosi
Cool cool cool
[removed]
Jesus fucking christ what an adventure.
Mama sue is the only woman I need. AOC? Cathy?  Na fam, mama sue that loyal girl who ride or die with you and actually supports ya. You not a real WSB member if you don't got mama sue.
Easiest way to get banned without using hate speech? (Sorry Chinese guy last time)
his bill is a play that contains whats called a "poison pill" in politics
[deleted]
Na dude people are catching that palsy look into it praise god bruh
Would you hold 100 shares for 1 year to make $900?
Dummmin this down but warrants are basically big ole leaps and you're paying for the long stock and "leap" position. You will always be able to buy more options 'shares' than long shares. Not to mention the delta of options vs long shares. I could go get a call for **100 shares** of AAPL tomorrow for the price of a single share and get my ass ate by a shitty delta and shittier theta because I bought so far OTM. 

If you see a trade with less risk or greater upside than the market would dictate, it doesn't mean you found the secret formula, it means you can't see the risk that everyone else can
[deleted]
My end Feb 15p from Monday didn't go up too much. Did I fuck up with the IV?
My GF just agreed to have a threesome🤙🏽 Yee Yee! As long as it’s with someone she’s comfortable with she said, which she agreed was her friend Jesse. Hoping she’s hot
You literally said leaps are pricey. Make up your excuse
I bought SPY puts for the first time in like half a year today, safe to say we are mooning
I think BABA had some pretty good indicators in other markets to foresee the gains today
[removed]
Gut feeling
Yeah that's cool with me, that's what I said about a bill with money for pakistani gender studies
[deleted]
Yawn another premarket pump n dump in the making
Ding ding ding...we gotta winner. It's so transparent what they're doing, they complain about pork and then add sec. 230 when they know there is no chance Dems will go for that. An obvious poison pill that R's will get the blame for forcing.
The single pair of footsteps in the sand are where Jesus carried you
If I put enough rocket emojis next to PLTR it'll hit 30 before the new year

PLTR 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀
Damnit! Thats my bad, thought this was r/options 😳
#MAKE GILEAD GREAT AGAIN
Nah.. I'm ready for taking the heat (loss) .. but it is a potential stock lol.. Idk why people sold off 0\_0 and scared the bulls...
Pls no
Not sure how much Cathie genuinely believes in TDOC or if she thinks it’s a good place to park capital
Trans woman
I’m in at open
Everyday beetcoin outperforms my portfolio....
*races off farm in a dirt bike with a tesla logo sticker*
I did my DD. I ain’t gotta explain it to You
i’m as bullish as they get. 15k shares deep. and i agree. them being out of stock is not a good look. unless supply has been there (or above normal) and demand has beyond outpaced the supply. that’s the only bullish scenario for the supply issue.
What about silver?

[https://subscriptions.finimize.com/content/Q29udGVudFBpZWNlOjI1NjY=/saxo-bank-outrageous-2021-market-predictions](https://subscriptions.finimize.com/content/Q29udGVudFBpZWNlOjI1NjY=/saxo-bank-outrageous-2021-market-predictions)
Cant wait to see how my BABA calls open tomorrow
Word. I'm a"financial advisor" to an acquaintance and when I got him in yesterday and he's down 7%, I told him to wait till Jan 15/c to talk to me 🚀🚀🚀
I was going to write out my own theory as to why MM's are controlling PLTR at the ceiling and realized it was too stupid to even post here. Puts on my brain and fucking $30 calls on PLTR by end of january
Cause with leaps for 2022 I don’t have to time shit
No. I may miss that. But at least I'm sure i won't be left holding the bag after the dump
Position Jan 2022 50C 

Still left with a year until we ride to valhalla
I think it will get close to 260 tomorrow. Probably open over 250.
snap going crazy tm?
FDs on the boomerest of boomer stocks.
Her
UK strain found in USA, get ready for some green ass markets tomorrow
So peaceful and heartwarming
I honestly don’t know, but without the squeeze I don’t plan on selling for less than $25, mind you any new news including with Cohen will change this. I am just playing the timelines and will reevaluate based off of each significant news release - update from Sherman on q4 sales in mid Jan, ICR Conference also mid Jan, q4 ER in March, and board vote in June. To be honest just reading through the GME posts daily, cross referencing comment details that have significance, google alerts, etc. I’m a bit over-leveraged and am forced to play out all the different scenarios that could happen before shut eye, I love it.
[I got you fam](https://i.imgur.com/f370Bcd.png)
Down 52% on my 1/15 calls 🤡🤡🤡
[deleted]
BABA was not an obvious buy. 

The China antitrust thing still isn’t resolved. News/updates could send the stock tumbling again.
Want his phone number too?
Man that’s tuff. Market barely even dipped. Looks like memes are back tomorrow tho so just hold
This is the way...
Lmao wasn’t it trading ATH just a week ago?
Made bank on GME puts today, and got a ps5. Thanks mama sue I knew I would count on you
it dipped for one day after a big gain chill
I expect it to grow 10B in market cap.
[removed]
At the money Palantir LEAPs cost like $9. Excellent opportunity for those who sell covered calls.
I’m on vacation so it’s ok if PLTR drills because my head is in the sand
Took a few steps back today
Mmm I tend to think they're all incompetent boomers and we are fucked if any flavor is in control.
Great question. TD couldn’t even give me prices today
Mitch? How dare you show your face here.
It has literally been red like 9/10 of the last trading days and the one day it was up it was up like .10 percent 🤣
[deleted]
That is correct
This sub needs a rename: r/wallstreetpumps
Why the fuck dont you buy shares if you think it will triple in 3 yrs. U think u are god to time options better than that return?
[deleted]
Why do my posts get like locked? My Mitch stim pic was funny and mods ALWAYS lock my shit.
I have 6000 shares.  As you can imagine my account either looks awesome or fucked.  I just add more when it seems low.
same I can't cover all companies someone presents a good situation I'll dump money into it

I'll double check the DD but if someone has made me money multiple times I believe them and yolo that shit

I just do shares as well like a puss just in case but still, plenty of good DD around these parts.
Didn’t mean shit last night
Ok boomer.
I can't handle 4 women.
[deleted]
Excuse me, Sir? This is a Wendy's
Even if I push the date further out? The $130 call exp. 5/21/21 is $1.88 that's still a lot of money and it's 70% OTM which is further than the current price from $50.
That's pretty compelling ngl.
*cocks shotgun* 

THESE RETARDS WILL NOT GIVE YOU A BETTER LIFE THAN I COULD OFFER YOU
Mitch is the kind of guy who samples the soup at the buffet then puts the ladle back.
You know, fuck it. Repeal section 230. Maybe I’ll go outside more
TD Ameritrade has great content on their YT and if you sign up for an account they also have free online courses that many here have lauded.

Beyond that, I'm also looking for a solid YouTube channel that isn't just going through the motions.
Dont you dare I will spank
Until China fucks you over soon. It’ll always be there to fuck you when you think you’re safe
Why do my posts get like locked.
[deleted]
Eh fuck you Hong Kong. Can you try going up the third time?
We’re fucked either way. Politicians work for lobbyists, not for the people. I think it’s pretty obvious
am i retarded, why
Make Biotech Great Again
I bought my call at 260. 

You can still average down your shares.
LOL.. On what basis? It's dropping crazy boi : (   


Unless and until one buy back
You mean like we’ve been fucked when Georgia’s been red the last 18 years or
Give several reasons why.
Lmao yall are always so bullish up until market opens 🚀🚀🚀🚀😂😂🚀😂🚀😂🚀
Not if my calls are bleeding out. Haha
Why isn’t AOC in the mix here?
He wants to repeal section 230 in that bill. The internet will change for the worst!
That was before their new CEO iirc. They are making great progress digitally now from what the earnings report showed. I'm also really biased though so take what I say with a grain of salt.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Well yeah, he saw your flair and couldn’t resist champ
HAHAHA yet you keep replying for more! Buddy you try to act like you’re better than me yet completely contradict the things you say holy shit buddy 😂😂😂 I’m dead
It's killing me..
You think it’s gonna rise that much tomorrow??
If $GE hits $30 a share by January 2023, what’s the best way to play it? Leaps are pricey. I feel like just buying quarterly calls is better money
[deleted]
Section 230 basically says the internet companies are just platforms and dont have editorial control hence they cannot be held liable for whats posted on their sites. However in recent years the social media companies have assumed editorial control and have started exercizing their judgement. They generally let Democratic content through but judge Republican content harshly. Trump is saying if you want to behave like newspapers and have an editorial policy than you have to be on the same legal playing field. Newspapers can be sued for slander and defamation. So either twitter stops tagging Trump's tweets as trolls or it can face him in court when they dont tag fake news tweets about him from the liberals. For too long online companies have had it both ways - drive agendas but be immune to legal consequences. Whatever you think of Trump on this issue he is right.
Why you think amd will dump
I was nuts deep in Baba until close lol. No cash to buy NIO.
Made $600+ out of 3 puts this morning 🤙🤙
Mitch the type to ask when a hooker gets off work so he can give her a goodnight kiss 💋
[deleted]
This is true
My dream is to have a foursome with Cathie Wood, Cardi B and Rihana.
“past performance isn’t indicative of future results, retard”
[deleted]
Im selling my calls off.. Im done with backstabs frm AAPL - thank u -\_-
Ahhh you're one of those... Have a good night bud.
I didn't say it, I declared it.
Why?
[removed]
IMAGINE NOT BUYING THE BABA DIP AND HAVING AN AVERAGE SHARE PRICE OF 260
How did he not stop at 10K, or 30K, or 50K when he was losing his parents retirement savings?

Super retard strength.
Common GME and BA needs continue there downward streak
Social media companies lobbied lots of money. No way that’s passing, they’ll be protected
Just hold
I just got super liked by a dude on tinder
Nio calls!!!
So XL is pretty dead?
AI, tanking. When 🚀
You ever re listen to an album that you hate just to feel  be reminded of how dogshit it is. Mamas boy was a piece of shit get it together LANY
Lol the last time I walked past an EB Games(Canada's branch of GME), there was a lineup 30 people long. That shit is always packed too.
[deleted]
Day 2 complete
Make sure it gets enough sun those can be hard to maintain
GUH
You’re getting downvoted, but you’re right.

Far-right, anti-vaxers, far-left, batshit crazy conspiracy theorist, legitimate conspiracy theorists...

All of these groups (& more) have been targeted by banning and shadow banning across all social media platforms.

Not sure why this dude is getting downvoted.
[deleted]
Any chanels that are recommended for learning.
Nope
Mitch is the kind of guy who doubles dip the guacamole
Stonks mooning , AMD gonna dump, but I’m too much of a pussy too sell.
[deleted]
:/ You are saved SIR.. What made you not to buy them haha...
Those January calls, are those long or short ? If you're long January calls, you're fucking retarded, or Jerome's step son
All I need😎
It was nice knowing you 
💉☠️
Imagine being this fucking retarded
Does anyone know off hand when their first stock lock up period expires?
Jesus bears are FUCKED tomorrow
[deleted]
This is the kinda idolatry I can get behind  👑
Idk if anyone called this a finance sub, but if you like to take bas deep risks and are ok flushing grandpas 20k gift, then this the degenerate gambling sub for you.
Spy could end at $378

377c was cheap af

???

$$$
Absolute smarty pants
Hey, help a brother out. My trading account took a dump the last two days and I lost more than 1/3. Any plays to help this guy out?
NIO calls.
What broker is that?
Thank you. Tell yo moms I said hi!
It's actually to kill the bill because it has a part that wants to set up a voter fraud study so it won't have the support by dems or Republicans. Man is trying to play it smart and kill the bill, if he even brings it to the floor at all
Never knew that all I do is put some baby powder on the delft clay an make my mold and pull out of sand. I dont get slot of detail with it but enough to add my own to give it the look of art
Time to throw it all into gme puts to throw the big banks off
Some dude said he was putting 50 k on SLV.
Send me your brokerage info and I’ll double it guaranteed.
If tomorrow is another red day for GME I will start exiting my 20k GME shares and allocate them to AMD or BABA
Only need 1, its bft
So we dump at open?
you have money?
What are your current plays?
Yep. Cringeworthy, but they at least have a change to graduate to a higher level of understanding.
Prob has some election conspiracy nonsense, has sonething saying that corporations can't be held accountable for their employees dying, and internet sites are liable for anything someone says on them.
i wanna cum in cathie woods hair like shampoo
Yeah but tomorrow is different from today
For what? At least in both of the other two events, there was definitive proof that something happened prior and it warranted a dive into. Here, we just have a person crying foul because he lost to a Democrat. 

Think about it logically. A political party isn't going to risk everything (including prison time if caught) to set up a widespread voter fraud campaign and only do it for the presidency. They underperformed compared to expectations this election. 

There's no grand conspiracy to only win the presidency here, he's just fucking salty 😂
Portfolio down big today. I won’t have enough money to take my Grindr date out this weekend. I’m gonna tell her I tested positive for the rona
I think she should dump you bonsai is sick
BABA easiest buy in the universe
AirPods have been the most satisfying accessory I’ve ever had. 10/10 highly recommend
Sell! There was alot of dark pool prints for this stock today! Watch out.
DD?
Not that rare though, but much easier to pick up a couple 2 baggers...only need 3 stacked 2 baggers and your above the value of your 5 bagger
[deleted]
NIO the only calls for the next week. Free money prior to NIO day. Was up 91% last year on NIO day. 1/9. mark it a 8 bagger dude.
That McConnell bill will never pass and he already knows it. In fact, that's his goal anyways.
Those look like the wsb version of Yeezys
Lmfaoo retard
Wtf? Those are hype. Enjoy the things your girl gets you she thinks you’ll appreciate it. Life is short my man.
I still dont understand why he wouldnt buy if he's interested. If his vision is true, then he needs a total management overhaul. And hes walking away from gains
Mitch the type of guy to stimulus check his wife every 3-4 years
So you claim people who can set sell limits won't be able to catch the quick rise up before the crash down and you'll be able to catch the top to short it?
AAPL is dropping like a rock
I think US follows the HK market since 9988 doesn’t trade Friday night.

9988 & BABA are based on Alibaba but they’re not the same price btw.
Depends on the quality. If the tree is expensive, then keep her. If it’s too expensive, dump her.
Need to turn 325k into 750k by end of week.  What's the play guys?
Spy will follow tesla
Well... yea
No, bloat was added to the 2k bill
How do you see that ? Can you link?
PLTR was more than that if you entered and exited at the right time. People just hold and get too greedy
Help I borrowed 100k and I have no way to pay it back, does this mean I have to work extra now?
[deleted]
I was thinking of buying Apple calls at open today, glad I didn’t, but my icln calls is down bigly
not fukd. we'll just melt up a little slower.
GME!
December has 31 DAYS!? Noooo!!! Now I can't buy PLTR until Monday...rage!!!
Next your brain gonna hurt from the autism
i can't talk about it
thats what they say for 3 straight nights
If we pooled capital we could do it
Futures were green last night too. We even opened green this morning but still ended in red.
cant save you from your own retardation, but we can upvote
[deleted]
It bounced off $73, what makes you think itll break that wall within the next week or 2? Seems unnecessarily risky, unless you only have $25 to spend
TSLA is SPY
All of em.
Definitely AAPL or ARKK. LEAPS tho, fuck shares
If you ain’t in TAK you ain’t black
Get this boomer shit out of here
It isn't fraud, you lost money you can claim it as a cap gains loss. They probably already have a record of you borrowing the money if it came from a reputable source, but if you didn't you'd have to show the loan records to avoid accusations of tax fraud.

In short, you wouldn't be in trouble with the IRS, although the company that loaned you the money might sue you if you started missing payments and it was evident that you falsified your loan application.
How the hell did you get those bears to sit on top of those balls?
Futures are fickle don’t let them fool you
Huh
Not rare if you follow momentum. AMZN had several intraday ten baggers yesterday and BABA had 5 baggers today.
Futures ripping bears be tripping
Lol
First hand knowledge that some of their data/tech teams were scaled back mid 2019.  May very well be different now, or could’ve been part of broader scale measures, but typically if you’re pushing digital you don’t cut those groups
Gtfo
GE, SNAP, F, C - Best of luck.
Yeah, but you might have to ride those puts out for weeks and weeks and weeks before getting paid...  make sure you are able to do that before committing.
Bears might split some of the food they got from the homeless shelter with you if you ask nicely
[deleted]
Okay will do. Thanks!
You are not wrong. I hit my ATH 6 times last 8 days at 9:45 AM. Only ended the day up at all twice
Fking praying
is TSLA just gonna follow spy now?
All the finance subs are full of idiots who don’t know what they are talking about.

We’re just proud of it here.
[deleted]
Ok, good to know.  Thank you!
The REAL DD in the comments! PLYR 49 Confirmed
How many contracts are you trading right now? Wouldn’t 1,000 contracts be on the order of a $100k for a one dollar move?
[deleted]
I’m sure—some details are just easiest to add after the casting.

With sand casting, you can improve the texture by coating the model in a couple layers of drywall mud. Not necessary for greensand but great for lost foam. 

I have a monster of a bear model that I’m waiting to cast until the weather cooperates. I considered doing a bull too but thin sections like the horns or legs might be tricky to fill without a bunch of sprues
what about the other 45 ?
SAP is ultimate boomer stock. Ancient, legacy On premise software
okay so my first ever option was this exact same story.  i placed it maybe 9:11 EST and got $3K from $200! i have since blown out my account twice and currently hanging on with $78 and $100 coming next tuesday. maybe this story will have a happy ending for both of us somewhere.
Update on house sitting: toilet was too small and toilet paper was inferior to mine, plus the dogs were barking the whole time I was in there so I got no enjoyment out of it. I somehow locked the door from the inside when I left so I can’t even go back in. The dogs also shat on the carpet when I was in there so I had to clean that up and now the living room smells like dog shit.

Anyways, long GME
Why do ARKK and ARKW have these funky strike prices in their options chain?
Depends on your knowledge and how much time you spend studying companies
I'm a bot. All Gain/Loss/YOLO posts should include screenshots of positions. These posts are either small potatoes, spam, or big moves which don't show position details. Users are not banned and can repost with better screenshots.

User|Post Title
:--|:--
/u/Nobunager|[I think I'm doing ok for a first timer dumped my military sign on bonus in to stocks.](https://i.redd.it/sv9u5bbzg7861.jpg)
/u/Lord_Rezkin_da_2nd|[YOLO or nothing 🚀 dumped a few thousand into this a couple weeks ago and now I’m moving up, time to throw the rest of my money into this because I either get rich or get poor trying](https://i.redd.it/68ce9wjqj7861.jpg)
/u/nickytwoz|[PLTR PUTS PRINTING](https://i.redd.it/puav0jivm7861.png)
/u/thecrazyslopoke|[Need fap material?](https://i.redd.it/8og53f4js7861.png)
/u/BrownNoze|[Is this what you wanted?](https://i.imgur.com/l45lsOS.jpg)
/u/jtb419|[-99%. I belong in here with you degenerates. Didn’t stand a chance in February](https://i.redd.it/xixvpgyrj8861.jpg)
/u/cumistry|[Mission failed we’ll get em next time 😔](https://i.redd.it/ar8mku4n19861.jpg)
/u/Cum_Pig_Gaper|[If you're going through hell, keep going](https://i.redd.it/idfghrt469861.png)
/u/Rptrbptst|[One of us.](https://i.redd.it/abujutizb9861.jpg)
/u/KingClutch34|[Let’s get FUBO pumping tomorrow, I need a comeback](https://i.redd.it/pinhnzgzg9861.jpg)
[deleted]
Yes but that’s what bags I’m currently holding and are worth next to nothing now. I guess I need to get a personal loan for a low interest rate of 17-20% and buy into a longer position.
Please don’t blow our soup can cover over here
Just read it, going out as early as tonight
Xpeng and NiO
“Notice how you’re attacking me:(“ lolol your intellect truly knows no bounds I see buddy hahah
The guy who spends all his time day trading isn't gonna win an election that his party is being told unironically to boycott. I wouldn't worry about it lol
RIOT, MARA, and BABA calls were guaranteed money on Sunday night and I didn't pull the trigger on any of the three like a giant fucking pussy.
Tesla all day every day.. but that was shit
All are good plays tomorrow
If true, it’s probably because of Tesla news
The rest of my savings is officially in and most my calls are for the 31st oh well can only be butt fuck retarded once
I added you to a group chat where we discuss these kinda things, if you wanna join.
futes meltingggg
You a lizard yet?
TOS is better and faster, I've used both
Just curious do you ever get copyright infringement notices for these?
The stock has dropped 35% this month
Idk.  Maybe if there were more rocket emojis
That spawn from hell is smart. End him. 

(And I mean his career of course. And him... career-wise)
Hey Mitch, be honest, is a Kentucky man's favorite holiday fixin pump-kin pie? Just what I heard, I dunno.
Sometimes we follow them, sometimes they follow us.
Lol should’ve bought yesterday
Sell today
The $600 is on the way. The rest pending due to  a long political chess match.
😆
[deleted]
Just taking a guess but the only way I can think of where someone can get a 100k loan with little to no income is a student. Unless the rules changed, you can borrow more than the cost of just the tuition and books. You can borrow enough to cover housing, food, computer, etc. Basically anything you need to sustain yourself while going to school.
Every time I check futures they’re higher than the last time I checked. Big fat green tomorrow
Mitch proposed his own $2k stimulus bill. I wonder if it has 30m for gender studies in Pakistan 🤔
Brain washed just like the trump people i see. it’s ok only 4 years then you will be programmed all over again and like some other lighting rod and hate who don’t like that person it’s called programmed division
Why do you have an autistic child?
herrrr durr yes I think so. It's impossible for the government to create regulations to protect workers and consumers. Screw the FDA and OHSA, private companies can do whatever they want hurrr durrrr, new gilded age and corporatism is great!!!

I don't even want 230 repealed. I just want a stipulation added saying hey if you want to be a public square and not get sued for what your users post, you can't censor them (unless they post porn/gore/death threats/libel, things that would get you in trouble IRL with current US law). Is that regulation asking too much of companies that have taken government money and are monopolistic?
Diamond hand obviously. If you leave now you are only locking in losses
LI NIO or XPEV on the Chinese markets?  Thinking about picking up some li at open.
okay pltr i think all the weak hands are sufficiently shaken out pls go up now
Just a order bought had a huge upper wick
Can you millennials make these beautiful creatures with your Buttcoins?? Didn’t think so.
Please let me buy this on vinyl
During Gold Rush, you'd want to sell shovels rather than digging for gold.
[deleted]
Just wait for new years pumparuskie. Only sell when youre hard green or hard and green.
Didn’t get my stimmy tonight looks like I’ll be having water for breakfast
Destiny, destiny
No escaping 
that for me - Elon Musk 

$1000 TSLA

https://twitter.com/elonmusk/status/1344154578678214657?s=21
It was an algo that slipped in a high buy order I think, I remember seeing it on a 5min candlestick.
I am 10K down.
Shit like that doesnt matter anymore retard
The $2000 stimulus check is a separate payment. $600 is good to go. They are trying to get +$2000
[deleted]
Yeah i’m really on the PLTR rollercoaster rn
Relevant
It should dump no matter what because uncertainty would be removed from the market. It's like the IV crash after earnings.
nah. just sell guys. make OP jump from Golden Gate bridge xD
There’s a reason for the term “hard to borrow”... But agreed wsb probably doesn’t carry enough weight to make it so.
Buy some Adderall, Viagra and a couple hours with the 2 most expensive women you can afford, you're welcome.
Shocked you're even responding when the strike is in the screenshot
Yes at least $600.
2k if the dems are good with 230 reform and 2020 presidential election fraud investigations.
I almost copped MTLS the other day, phew
-25k, please turn around tomorrow.
A help line, lmaoooo!!!  I’d get a lawyer before just calling the IRS and putting my idiocy on full display.  Thats like saying calling the police when your Black neighbor needs help is a very safe thing to do as long as you get the officers name.
Half n half
U were right bro I’m in at open
Mitch proposed his own that repeals section 230 and investigates voter fraud - dems will never go for it they been living off voter fraud
Just a correction (5-10%). If it dips more than that I’ll be ready though. But I’m fairly confident we get a 5-10% correction as soon as January 4-5
He still not letting me comment on his sub I can only watch like a cuck 🤡
[deleted]
This needs an answer. We ain’t paper handed bitches but it’d be nice to see steel papa’s positions so I can feel better about my -30%
No fuck that Bill
Too many downgrades. Will take time
Mitch the kinda guy who if gets bitten by a zombie will hide the bite from the group and end up killing everyone
Forty hands!!!!
Too low. 50day will be support and Cohen buying at 16 should aid that support in the 17s. Why sell at 17 when Cohen will buy a dollar lower?
Every dip bought
Sorry it gets drowned under 10k “PLTR 🚀🚀” posts
Don't insult turtles. It's turkey neck Mitch. He's got enuf neck skin to wrap Xmas presents with.
Buy the dip fgt.

It's not that complicated.
How rare is a 5 bagger?
Amzn dropping soon
When you're distribution is 70-80% women in the US and you have 90M women customers, you'll see stagnation in the product but focused product development. They are no stagnant at the international level whatsoever.

https://business.pinterest.com/content/pinterest-predicts/?4ReGAaKFL4F2otqJX8jS8s=parent_filter%3D5ndkWWnMPKnf8ZrAZHsbB6
Its from Lord of the Rings
gay
[deleted]
Yes. Not wsb mods.
Outta gme, he smart
Imagine calling yourself poor
I've said it before and I'll say it again: WSB needs to make their own website. The autists will follow and they will make BANK. Look at the other banned political sub...gets millions of hits a week.
aapl to 140 eow
It is not the town/companies fault that their service was misused. Why should they have to come up with the resources to fix it? The town/company would be punished for something they did not do.
Play the song Jack!

&#x200B;

Fly me to the Mun... and let me sail... on a yacht.
RIP
Rip like my butthole after chipotle
>SPY 52 Week High: 378.46

>52 Wk Hi Date 2020-12-21

I don't remember this at all. The highest I've ever seen was $374.
[removed]
Wish I had xpev
How does this have less upvotes than the fucker with the roadster
Everyday PLUG pumps premarket then dumps big time
Yup like some rice and beans
Called a bear a gay boi....
Is this the theme song to Arthur
ASSsteriods
Price goes up because shorts.
Price goes down because shorts.
Lol
He made a booboo
Took my wife 2 years to figure that out.
What’s mooning harder tomorrow aapl or amzn
Shes a meme stock goddess of autism, of course she does
It’s distributions from the fund. Forced Tendies.
My portfolio  
Five percent QS  
Fifty percent PLTR  
And one hundred percent reason to remember the name
And 40 years later papa retuned the favor by yoloing Kraft foods.
242.48
What happened to MRNA stock price during March’s pandemic? 🚀
Yessir lol
Spy heading to 366 tomorrow, mark my words
He proposed a bill dongus tell the dems to pass it
#
you don't sound rich and smart
That's definitely a liberal LARPing as a Republican
And wtf was the “argument” of your last comment 😂

Oof the hypocrisy of you attacking me as well! Hahah this is serious late night comedy. You’re really something special buddy
Lmao no the vaccine isn't giving people cerebral palsy or even bells palsy, it's like if someone fell off a tree after their vaccine and claimed the vaccine leads to broken arms.

Also Phizer and BioNTech are the same vaccine.
They are using teens to learn about what wsb does. These kids are going to take the portfolio and YOLO it into GME or uranium or something else dumb.
Just got the call from GME. we r pumping tomo
What is this and why does it make my wallet open but the new underwear at Walmart don’t.
What’s your target for these ?
Tied to social media bill, democrats won't pass this poison pill.
Yes, pretty good. I’d get out of the 12/31 into something further
Biden brainwashed me to put Biden flags all over my yard, replace my US flag with a Biden flag, cover my truck with Biden stickers and flags, go to Biden rallies even after he won, wear a Biden hat at a voting location, and demand that places stop counting votes if Biden was up and to keep counting votes where Biden was down.

I'd take you to a Biden casino for some Biden steaks, but the Biden casino filed bankruptcy :(
My weed options expiring Jan 15th would do so fucking well...
Ty
Preach!
He says he borrowed from his parents, so the only one going to jail is his dad for shooting him in the balls with a shotgun.
Is HK market following US market or the other way around? Cause BABA almost same price as the close
Bulls own Dec. Don't let them lie to you.
No
Congrats!! Your wife said she bought me a new car
Does Cathie know we Stan her
Told ya bro ski, just buy at open
No
No I’m legitimately curious how he has the gall to short the housing market and bet on GME in 2019, but still park his cash in CVS and GOOGL. I would think a guy like that would be constantly searching for the next gem
God damn. It’s all coming together.
Buy shares! Stay calm
Nah I'm gonna buy these options tomorrow. I'm currently bagholding Adobe but just completed my portfolio for 2021 where Pinterest will take the lion share distribution for the year (40%)
Show me where you represent "We"
Totally retarded.
Probably for the best
What’s the deal with hydrogen?
Huge upside since they will have a Covid vaccine. Wait, that news has been out for a month already...
Mars has water. We might one day also have the technology to terraform it, and the moon isn't able to be.
lmao, taking his ball and going home, screw you guys
Can you give me a source on this? I've researched BBBY a bit and haven't seen this at all. I'm going mainly by the financials and anecdotal knowledge.
What the actual fuck
55*
Upvote bigly
RK guides us to battle and RC watches over us from the skies
[removed]
[deleted]
Mitch introduced a bill for a $2k stimulus check
I was going go confess I wasn't really a mod, but you seemed so excited and I didn't want to take that away from you.
Woman moment
Considering it's posted on the Nasdaq website... I'd say so?

Retards need a Facebook fact checker for everything
Dood they gotta give us a dip for the stimmy to hit tho
Only if RH would allow us to Sell Naked Puts 🙏
"Hedgefunds hate him"
This is so backwards. Twizzlers are ass.
I got the vaccine and my arm hurts fam.
chemicals in the water that turn the FRIGGIN FROGS GAY
Dkng at 35 yet
Bought SQQQ leaps as a hedge for the first time. Feels bad.
[deleted]
The green to red always occurs at open
>Say I bought 100 shares at it's current price of $76.36. I could then sell the $80 call exp.

If he sells a covered call at 80 strike and it goes down then the option will expire worthless and he keeps the premium he was paid. No?
Imagine going on WSB to argue about how rich and smart you are to poor college kids
Here's an ironic plot twist I want to see next year:

"DoorDash's independent contractors became millionaires off DASH puts"
Hopefully NIO dumps at open so I can get in
[removed]
[deleted]
What’s your strike/date? Stay calm, don’t sell first trade tomorrow. We got this, just please don’t fucking say you bought 12/31 expiry

3250 shares
40C 5/21
50C 1/22
[removed]
ILL ESCAPE THIS INCEST BREEDING FARM ONE DAY WHETHER YOU LIKE IT OR NOT!!
Wait. What’s that $2,000 remind mean???
Man at list do the basic research like when would earnings reports come out to stimulate the growth for your calls. I understand see 🚀 go yolo but mate at least have the decency to check when is the share expected to grow
sorry for feeling upset about about losing $82 ...
my dudeeeeeeee <3
Someone stoopid
[deleted]
Oh shit looks like I missed out on that one, was he like Stock Norm (also deleted his channel 😥)?
[deleted]
Have you heard of the new Covid-19 Variant?
Yeah I'm with you bro. If we come flying out the gate it's time for some 9:45 puts
Anti Finance. ANTIFI for short.
I just spent 500 on a gun so ima need that 2k.
Prison numbers
So .... we posting his address now or
Mitch it’s not too late to stop being a sack of shit and give us the other $1400 you owe us
[deleted]
EV stocks up like crazy in asia. your memefolio is saved
I mean I do not get it, I own 2 homes with no mortgage, have a 6 figure income and qualify for the stimulus. Maybe you need to read the requirements before posing something this ignorant
Yeah that confused me also... idk
[deleted]
Lmaoooooooo you saw my comment to him the other day?
well aren't you a bold one
Big yikes
We all knew the fall was coming, California legislators just gave it a push, doordash is still inexplicably worth 45B or around 18x Price to Sales. This is a company that has only been profitable for a single quarter in its history, during a pandemic. Growth has nowhere to go but down once the vaccine is distributed and people get tired of paying $8 in delivery fees for a cold greasy hamburger, a risk acknowledged by the company in their S-1 filing. It’s no coincidence  the company filed to go public a week after the vaccine was announced, they’re trying to cash out while they can.


🤡🤡🤡

Sing hey! for the bath at close of day 
that washes the weary mud away!
A loon is he that will not sing: 
O! Water Hot is a noble thing! 

O! Sweet is the sound of falling rain, 
and the brook that leaps from hill to plain; 
but better than rain or rippling streams 
is Water Hot that smokes and steams. 

O! Water cold we may pour at need 
down a thirsty throat and be glad indeed; 
but better is Beer if drink we lack, 
and Water Hot poured down the back. 

O! Water is fair that leaps on high 
in a fountain white beneath the sky; 
but never did fountain sound so sweet 
as splashing Hot Water with my feet!
[deleted]
I realize it's a joke, so I'll continue in character:

..because we aren't just looking for some rock to move our trailers to
You gotta do real time to earn these tears
Climax Moonshine def the best big name moonshine Ive had.
Futures always go from red to green but rarely green to red
Definitely got burned and had to battle back a few times. Amazing how much intuition you lose when you miss a couple market days
https://weather.com/forecast/national/news/2020-12-28-january-temperature-outlook-2021

Rip natural gas.
doubled down all my SQ positions today, here's to hoping tomorrow is green
I bought 22.5C at $1.35 and sold at $1.15. Buying 30C at 35 cents is a much better deal.
Best for the newbies to learn this the hard way it'll keep them in reality
Jmia and nvta consolidating? I think so.
Up 5% for the year with a max of 40%. The loss porn keeps me in the game.
I had it 3d printed that gives me basic shape. then do the delft clay part. When it comes out I carve the silver its self to shape the arms an body how I want carve the neck,then put in all the fur detail on the silver item its self. I have alot of shavings on me when I'm done haha. If u have ever done sand cast then id suspect you know they dont come out clean an perfect like.
All that stimmy money will go toward calls. Billions of dollars will flood the market causing MMs to buy stock as a hedge. God help you if you’re a 🐻. Not even Georgia runoffs can save you from the hell that is about to be set upon you.
True story I once was on the same Jetblue flight from LA to NY as Busta Rhymes
K, red dot. This isn't your forum.
Look at HYLN. Volume is drying up here too. This is going to get shorted to death. Why not something else...
https://www.reddit.com/r/Georgia/comments/kmv780/im_a_raging_conservative_there_is_zero_reason_the/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf
To be fair.
User name checks out.  LOL.
Why? Still have 90 days.
It's going to be hard to grow food on both of those space rocks. Can't even raise cows on Mars. Wtf.
If I asked the town to remove it and they didn’t get around to it or refused, then yeah I would sue them
The number of people who treat WSB, webull comment sections, etc as their own personal Google concierge is hilarious.
Request a chargeback on your credit card for all the awards and shit you’ve bought. After all, you’ve paid for a service they now aren’t providing
Nice job
Lmfao. They still locking u out bro?
I think there is a 3 day rule or something where sht stays down for that time and then comes up again
This is one weird family circle, son. 

I’m going to come fuck those shares right out of you next time we have our family orgy. 

You’re not getting out of this trailer park on your MicroDick riches and leaving your family behind, not on my watch boyo. I told you to buy GME or get the fuck out of my house.
i'll like her more if ARKK bounces back
[deleted]
Holding these 25c leaps 🚀🚀🚀
Or it's Aug 1st on steroids
so now that SQ has ruined me. anyone know when we will get the checks ?
**Sounds like you have a court case already.**

I see you are going with the breast feeding defense. 

Good luck.
[https://aa.org/](https://aa.org/)
Bubble.
If it rips to 20.  Buy some puts, ride it down 1 to 2 days max, cash out.  Re-enter on your calls.  Simple as that.
Taiwan but you need to leave every 90 days to visa refresh.  Super safe, high QOL, very peaceful
Bro. Elon Musk is making X and PSTH merger is bringing it public.

He was in Iron Man

Iron man and Thor are friends

Valhalla confirmed
What the fuck actually happened with the bill?
Well, duh...
buy china
Has to be fake for internet points. Nobody is that stupid.
appeal it. Same shit happened to this account and they reversed it. Just say you said it as a play on a meme. That’s what I did
Mitch seems like the kind of guy who would HATE a party at 2318 Dundee Road, Louisville KY
Get some sleep Johann, you're grumpy.
Spoken like a true autist
You people need help
For real, it seems a hell of a lot easier to just save this planet or do water world
Older post but I'll still answer. My view changed to majority slate shortly after this comment. Looks like RC plan was never to buy the company regardless of the price. There were more options in the table in October and November for us to discuss so it was difficult to guess. Couldn't discount a buyout back then as it was still cheap to do so.

Still think he changes board composition at the next meeting. We may see nominations from him in feb/march.
No. They stopped bc they claim we had no clue how warrants worked.
Wtf Is up with these number flairs. I see a ton of them now
I love this.
Chipped in a massive 25 shares last week and didn’t even post about it, probably at least 11%
8
Pre- and after market highs and lows don't show up as all time highs and lows don't show up on those.
I’m in for $50 3/21 C so I’m right there with ya, we’re in this together 💎🙌🐃🚀🚀🚀
[deleted]
That’s the spirit. Best of luck man.
RIDE going to fly tomorrow
Typically VIX is the IV of at the money SPY options 30 days out. This time it's elevated because of Georgia run offs and we'll have IV crash (VIX crash) shortly after that.
Most of those rappers don’t have as much money as you think they do. Do you know how much it costs to put a jet in the air
It would hurt revenue you basic...exactly what he wants. Money talks.
Thanks I might look into other brokers. But I might be fine with %2.5 percent for no commissions. Also I'm currently wheeling NIO and selling puts on other stocks. I just want to also do it with NET but don't currently have the capital. I could sell some stocks to do so but I'd rather not so that's why I'm looking into margin. What do you think? Thank you!
LOL I'd watch the shit out of that  😂
Oof you’re so insecure you’re deep diving on strangers Reddit accounts.. that’s a yikes from me buddy :/
Put all 30k + margin in $TSLA puts obviously
Mason Verger
[deleted]
doubt
[deleted]
Narrator 2: then he got bend over and it was proven to him that his dick is smaller
I’m hoping this would work, my gamble yesterday failed miserably.
I have such a small SPY position. Definitely hasn't pulled its weight.
Baba at 235. Wjats that in the us?
So we are getting $600 right? Really not a fan of politics
Semi short plays. None of my options are weeklies, earliest expiry I have is end of January. I still expect a sell off in January, but if a small one (1-2%) comes before then, I’ll take my profits and move further out on the rebound.
I am in it for the long haul with shares and covered call leaps. I didn't have 25c 12/31. I just hate options pinning and want the MM to feel the pain.
[deleted]
Ban this retard. Either with us or against us. 

GME  🚀🚀🚀🚀
Can or do?
Watch GARAGE DAY TRADE LOLZ
BABA let’s goooooo 🚀🚀🚀
Yeah I actually make 30 figures a year, I have a holographic Tesla no one has ever seen before and I've definitely had sex  before.
that kinda makes sense but when you really think about it i'm not too sure
Bears hold your puts. This green is fake. 

This is literally September 2nd on steroids. More than steroids shiddd, what’s above steroids?
Jack it in your truck in the kfc drive thru like a real man
[deleted]
All you cucks losing money asking for winning plays... we feed them to you and you DON’T LISTEN...

Last Thursday we said buy BABA, and you didn’t
Yesterday we said buy BABA, and you didn’t
Today, we said BUY BABA, and you didn’t...

BABA already up another 6% in Hong Kong with 4 hours of trading left... you deserve to lose all of your money.
I may have been swindled on MT before, but you sound like a real smart fella. Take my money.
You could also point to Dejoy making major changes to the USPS that led to ballots not making it on time, etc. But then, there were a lot of things that needed looking into during the last four years...
[deleted]
[https://twitter.com/Fxhedgers/status/1344140561440075781](https://twitter.com/Fxhedgers/status/1344140561440075781)

\#bullishnomatterwhat

\#stimuluscomingnomatterwhat

\#bearRfukd
If you had 30K would you rather:

Buy 1 whole bcoin

Put all 30K + 30K in margin in TSLA

Diversify?
u/icanflywheniwant why the hate yo???
Exactly
I got a lot of people in on it. I tried to get my boss to put 1 mil+ on it but he thinks I’m retarded so I don’t think I can sway him.

Pretty sure if I showed him I was already down 200k he would quit being a pussy and invest tho

🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Dude can do whatever he wants. He called the dotcom bubble and housing crisis. That sure as shit wasn't boring.
The pricing for spreads is terrible.  Naked calls may be the way.
congrats and I hope you don't use that money on one of those expensive Malibu treatment/recovery centers
[deleted]
That line got me too, FUCK THE COUCH, LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
I DECLARE BANKRUPTCY!!!
No spaceship to get us?
If you can jerk off while looking at ur dick in hand, ur gay
I don’t feel anymore.
But is it autism... Autism is a general term for any neurodivergence that renders tender brain meats into stonkosaurus maingainers, often through genetic or traumatic brain damage, and generally present before the age of 8. He could be normal retarded, or legitimately mentally challenged. Neither would male him a tendie bender.
Rip my puts
#(Giving not receiving)
Really specific
Me too :(
[removed]
Some people use sharpies on bathroom stalls. 

I have. Alternative methods.
Oh gotcha, I had looked this morning. Probably good they cut back. People dumped arct and ran. It’s probably dead for awhile
Oof
Thank you
[deleted]
Gross can be good. Not this type of gross... she’s just straight up ugly
Mitch takes pride in making middle class America and below line up in miles deep food lines, while making sure the billionaires and airliners are comfy during this trying time.
Chapter 11? He borrowed from his family. He good.
You ain’t a rap/hip hop star if you get busted for flying without a mask on and get banned by JetBlue.

Whatever happened to flying private Jets?
And the day before. Not just memes, cloud and growth too.

Something similar to this last occurred late feb of this year..
Reddit?
Impressive work. What medium to you carve with? Wonder if you could make a reusable positive figure of these and use greensand—maybe it could save some time. It sounds like you have a ton of potential buyers for these if you wanted.

I’ve tried lost-wax casting. Honestly, it’s a great way to get precise details but it’s insanely expensive, especially if you have to get a kiln and with the special plaster meant for it. I love lost foam casting—cheap as fuck and I can just carve pieces of pink insulation from Home Depot. Not the greatest medium tho.
I will be messaging you in 1 month on [**2021-02-05 04:31:14 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2021-02-05%2004:31:14%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://np.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kmp0at/noob_here_when_do_you_consider_your_dd_to_be/ghgvq20/?context=3)

[**1 OTHERS CLICKED THIS LINK**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fkmp0at%2Fnoob_here_when_do_you_consider_your_dd_to_be%2Fghgvq20%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202021-02-05%2004%3A31%3A14%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%20kmp0at)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|
You guys think Arct will go up tomorrow?
You mad
& come 2021 he'd be the goat among goats, ez pz melvin squeezy
Jesus, do not do a market order on RH. Just decided to get some overnight for shits and giggles and the execution price was .25% higher than the current price.
Taking all bets that activist investors will seek a quick payout rather than help the company get back on its feet.
Same thing my wife says
buy SAP it's not too late
[deleted]
She died?
DXY getting slaughtered
Nice DD shit call. 90c 2/19 here. Earnings will be a blowout again but I plan to exit before it.
if peeing your pants is cool, then I'm miles davis
I like gross
phone companies are private though and can do what they want herrrrr duuuurrrrrrr. Am i smart like him now?!
Baba gonna rip tomororw?
If were so concerned about a second planet for our species why mars? Why not the moon? Cause gravity is a bitch?
Holy fuck, I had no clue. I saw the title on hbo max I think but was picturing something else. Gonna go all in on this one tomorrow.
Eyyy u/Jack-Skinne u/ccscience u/Rynschp u/quiceringmass  u/Effort88

why tf did you all vote to remove my meme ????! What rules was it against?
I want a prank channel version of this.

"*HEEEEEY, WHAT'S UP, GUYS?* Today we're doing the Sell-Naked-Puts-Then-Delete-Robinhood Challenge!!!"
Has Tesla. Many want to avoid EV when looking at clean energy.
Ouch buddy sounds like you get in quite a few arguments on here then... hate to break your fragile ego but sounds like the issue here is just... you 😂😂
Calls. Sucks for the plebs that can’t see this post
Is she dead?
Okay Danielson
I can feel the tears behind those shades
Pinterest and Adobe are garbage products and have been stagnant for years tho.
You are such a fucking loser, blocked!
Dumb question: do we still have the chat rooms?  

I don't see the bull pen or the bear den...
[deleted]
Fucking gross bro
I love DXY
Get rid of that shit
Might want to re-check your math 🧮
Dad, is that you?
[deleted]
VIX don’t get high for nothin
Will it stream in the background? 
That was my favorite feature on mobile.
lol they'll just debate each other while you jerk off in the corner
I just realized fantasy football was over when I got a Venmo request. 

Gambling on civilization has completely distracted me from gambling on sports.
Profits in HKD look nice but I have to divide it by 5. Better go back to DAX
So my puts wont print?
It says that SPY's 52 week high is $378. When did we hit this number? The highest I remember SPY ever hitting is $374. Did it happen during pre-market hours?
Ran outta tequila so drinking Mezcal.  Jeez, may not see you at open.
Thank you! Yeah I’d rather not have 2k stimmy then
I’m in Mexico and bought a bunch of Valium over the counter at the pharmacy just because I could.

I think I like it.  Definitely making me a bit sleepy but also pleasantly floaty / indifferent
Lol! Go back to sucking Dick behind Wendy’s, it’s the family biz, right?
"if you fuck a guy you're gay"

Dude you're so smart
How is Burry invested in GME but not other memes like CRSR and PLTR? Dude’s like 5% meme and 95% boring as fuck companies
Get me on his podcast!
I was eyeing SQ all day today. Would have been perfect but I was too balls deep in the TSLA battle to $700.
80085
Jesus. 

Now this is WSB I remember.
Lmaooooo
PUBLIC MASTURBATON SHOULD NOT BE A CRIME IF YOU DO IT DISCREETLY AND RESPECTFULLY
Denied as in didnt let me make an account. Most of the other services allow it. One "that was not a valid email adress" error message is enough to have people not use the service. Its like the first impression
Just sent a couple requests of 2k to some random Mitch McConnell’s out there.
Where did you say gay?
[deleted]
RIOT is gonna rip tmrw to 20 and i sold today fuck me
Move Mitch, get out the way, get out the way Mitch get out the way
Ok so he doesn't have to pay it back. Sounds like he is in the clear. Phewww.
[removed]
🤡🤡🤡
seriously becoming such a pump and dump - and we know how that goes when it's on WSB
[deleted]
Angela white
Can’t tell if this is elitism or genuine concern 🤔, but either way get out of here with that shit
Enough to need prayers
We shall suffer together. 

https://imgur.com/a/Gb3BSGJ
Any thoughts on qcln? Don't see it talked much compared to icln.
[deleted]
Here’s to another day of making all the wrong moves and losing money, boys🍻
Stocks and investing is full of noobs clogging the feed with the most basic questions. Someone legit asked “if I sell my stock where does that money come from? Does robinhood have their own account they use to pay sellers”
Was going to buy a Bonzi tree to teach my ass some patience. Damn thing takes a year to grow. Fuck that...
Bought at the bottom today and not there anymore, we climb up another 10% tomorrow
This sort thing you did, with the thinking and the numbers, it doesn’t belong here. This is a home for retards. Try posting this in r/options.
Hear is such a better play than CRSR it’s nuts
[removed]
I’m fucking on yall on the 1D retard index
Whose dick did you suck
How many
Some poor intern probably got fired because of this
First of all, it's do-rag,

Secondly since I guess I gotta spell it out for you:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?t=130&v=eXvBjCO19QY&feature=youtu.be

v(" )v I tried
like all good dd this could go either way
On the bright side, I sold my GME 12/31 calls for a $20 profit. 😎
A quick explanation followed by verbal assault with big word thrown in there for good measure. I enjoyed this.
[removed]
Get in line, buddy
If it drops to 50, you won't be able to sell the covered call at current price as it is too far OTM.

Assuming you try to earn something by selling call at SP 60 then for some peanuts, it may go beyond that, let's say 65 and you are screwed.
Those are he crustiest fucking shoes yuck bro
[deleted]
Lol
don't mind him, he really hates the idea of the government forcing tech companies to be "common carriers" like the phone companies are for some reason. I guess people are cool with companies unbanking and censoring people now.
One of the funniest scenes ever from family guy
Haha seriously, can I buy an option after hours?
How
😂
Indeed, my real list is so long that I’d be banned from wsb for taking up 40 blocks of text with politics
nope
Beijing Mitch?
I was commenting on current events
depends on the stonk market
[deleted]
I'm not a PLTR guy but definitely a great wheel stock
Joke is on you because Tesla is not a car company...
Thanks bro
Hopefully another dip tomorrow and a big January
Siccccteeen
God damn that shit has me so heated. 7 year account, bought premium like 3 days ago, suspended permanently for saying the word gay. FUCKING GAY. Y’all prolly don’t gaf but I am deeply pissed and need to vent. Ight I’m out..... till tomorrow prolly.
Tightens helmet strap.
Today felt like a classic buy the dip day but it's a short trading week ahead of the New Year holiday and that tells me to wait and buy on Thursday.
[deleted]
The more you start with the more you can lose!
[deleted]
Give me my shares you little fuck
why, is she a dude in a wig?
Yeah well where's your picture of Musk handing Ackman a Starlink satellite huh? Op clearly has you beat.
So were about to get killed?
[removed]
ehh Bing and Stony Brook are respected depending on what fields you go into, at least on the east coast
Dead
first off who the hell says blowjays 

and no that's not the logic at all...My logic is i don't like stuffing my dick into a hole full of shit
[removed]
Happy cake day you dirty bastard.
You’re right. Repealing 230 will further incentivize their censorship of trumps bullshit and open the alternative right wing platforms up to litigation for failing to do so.
[deleted]
Get to 37K then run SPY EXP right fucking now. Sell just before close the day before expiry. Easy money. Not huge, but steady as fuck.
That... that didn’t even occur to me
That’s Jesus dipshit
I told her if I ever caught him doing it I would kick his ass. 

He eventually lost half his pinky finger to a German Shepherd. 

Was good enough for me.
Getting in March was easy money. Brainless. That’s why I’m negative 😎
🚀?
[deleted]
Pass the fucking bill Mitch
Market going straight to Valhalla
Good title, I’ll spend my life savings on this now
These spy 12/31 377c might print
It isn't Stripe bro.
aud is going down
How?
[deleted]
will do
Double dump.

I’m often wrong.
Switch to Opera (or at least for watching YouTube), all ads blocked no interruptions. Only downside is you can't chromecast but hdmi or airplay and you're gucci.
So it's telling me I got a pile of nothing? Again I'm dumb as dirt and high as beans...no money coming to me?
Ok I’m really convinced there’s an alien hiding in his rotting skin MiB style. He’s gonna need a new host body soon
Ugh I’m trying my best to be as good as you, buddy! You’re setting such a good example:/
SHO hasn't shown to have any real effect so far. Im basically all in on gme, but don't expect pops from the sho crap
[deleted]
They had us in the first half, not gonna lie.
No
How dare you insult Mr. Ackman and the fine Board of Directors with such a preposterous accusation. These are people of culture and sophistication. 

Most likely to be a workforce hosting development company based out of Singapore or Saudi Arabia or other classy shit like that.
beetcoin doing its thing 🤦🏽‍♂️
These are the two I’m in for tomorrow.
Nasdaq is not fucking around. It’s on a mission to 13K EOY. Nothing can stop it.
Everytime I see a black guy, I always tell myself " your white dick is bigger than his" 🤡
LAZR break-out comming
...
[deleted]
not just because someone told them to do business better, but because intel management agreed that they should do business better
Just makes me laugh harder lol
Yeah you can buy it back to secure your gains. 
Another example of wsb saying something is retarded and then it actually works out
Awesome. Where there is smoke, there is fire. Big positions are being acquired by big players on the dips.
My VXX calls still open
Best I've heard in tech is Microsoft matching 50% up to the deferral limit
Go back to pumping penny stocks loser, you are way out of your league here
Time to invest in some soap before your next fd
So yesterday we had green futures and we know tech took a dump again. Do y’all think that happens again tomorrow? I’m thinking no, but who knows 🤷‍♂️
We don’t support communists
[deleted]
Girls go Gaga over abs and the V line
[deleted]
Lol keep fucking praying for the 373c 12/30 I bought at close today. 🙏 its working
I'm assuming his question is hypothetical and he's going to be betting more than just $1, not a lot of options you can buy with that.
i bought in at 24 and doubled up at 50 so i've been getting donkey-punched for two months now.  its exhausting.  spacs are more fun.  nio always feels like the bottom is about to fall out
... Cordell?.... Cordell? CORDELL?
AUD/USD has been bulldozing
Eyes closed, head first can’t lose
[removed]
[deleted]
How to it become to be that other than a relatively unspectacular trading day, almost every stock and spac that has gained traction in this sub was buried today?!
[deleted]
Actually, I would. 

I probably made more in just stocks in the last 3 months than your daddy made in his whole life. Get off my porch bitch!
Except you meant to say GME
Montevideo, is that like Brazilian Netflix or something? Calls at open, you’ve convinced me
Since intel got pumped by some letter, if we all send a letter to daddy Karp will PLTR moon?
1/1/2021
I like this a whole lot. Thanks.
[deleted]
not tmr but on 12/31
gat damn
Man with his massive 2 shares solo killing Melvin
100% real. I got the Macaria on Christmas. Holy shit. Plus it has no fan and the battery lasts days
Just make them yourself
You know it’s okay to wash them more than once a year
I think the biggest issue with the voter fraud one is people may see it as them admitting there was fraud and they were talked into admitting it for the $2k.

That or they come out and say "there wasnt voter fraud" and people say "of course you'd say that to hide the voted fraud!" At this point, it's just exacerbating the situation. I agree that we should have fair voting and all that, but after so many lawsuits over fraud and no proof coming up, as well as all the protests attempting to ruin the election and keep Trump in office, I'm just ready to be past this presidency and we move on to fixing our actual issues.
Shit that's a lot of rockets. I didn't even read what you wrote to know I'm in
Hearing that a lot of ppl already got their stimulus direct deposit tonight...I bet a bunch of ppl here are praying they get it tonight / tomorrow for their maintenance calls.
fr feels like im about to puke
[removed]
she looks related to pelosi
Mitch, is that you?
[deleted]
You guys must really love Subway
So founders editions are still available? Crazy...and tempting.. Will be collectible some day
Nice try, FBI.
I think you are safe??
I’m reserving my spot
[deleted]
[deleted]
I may be autistic and a retard, but I’m staying strong 💎🙌
Hopefully over 28.5 because I have 12/31 calls that are down quite a bit. Should have sold last week but I got busy at work and figured we were 🚀🚀🚀.  Greeks are killin me. 

(Am I doing this right? I’m not newly autistic, just new here)
Costs too damn much
[removed]
😛😛😛😛😋😋😋😋
Yep it’s the referral promotion thing where you receive three random shares instead of one.
Implying Mitch would have family that aren't white as paper.

(I know he has a hot Asian wife, but never let the truth get in the way of a good joke.)
You’re crazy!
When can I deposit 6k for 2021?
Yeah this guys a retard
Me too pal,.... me too
Damn I should have bought SQ and SPY calls today!!! 😒😒😒
[deleted]
Like an infection dirty musky thick smells like dead skin and sweat. Considering it is Mitch you can probably also smell the shit coming from his Depends .
Yup. Now people are buying the dip because hes holding. Might work out, but its gonna be ugly the one time it goes wrong
[removed]
Should’ve been a bear. Bulls fuk in Dec
Prolific Commenters (1D)
Username
Comments
PlaneIntroduction8	430
[deleted]
More iconic for Americans than an elephant and a donkey 69'ing imo
Thailand is pretty cheap. Check out Ecuador if you want to be in the same timezone though. Tons of American expats in these countries. YouTube videos gave me this information. Also, it helps that Ecuador doesn’t have an extradition treaty with the US.
Are you even allowed to submit your tax return in crayon and finger paint?
Is there actual evidence about this? I’m super salty about this still and I couldn’t find any good alternatives
Very insightful post thank u
That's some shit Mitch would say
If you getting stimmy, you shouldn’t be on here
Cathie Simps
You ever rub ur balls and smell it? Kinda like sour cream and onion chips
14-15 before the next run up imo
20
Yeah, but.. They have little R2-D2s in the back.
The top is never the top for gme for more than a month or so, but the dips have been bouncing back faster and faster.  I didnt even blink today
Repealing 230 without a replacement safe harbor provision would not be good for companies like Facebook or Twitter (frankly any site with user content), and would probably drive the internet to become even more sanitized and controlled than it is now. Bills with poison pills are brought up so both parties are forced to come together and compromise, so who knows what Mitch actually wants in exchange for that $2k check.
Yeah he only cares about the rich. It’s a fucked up system.
Looks like you had to fight few times to get those money up.
It’s a double whammy cuz the money printing =dollar down=equities cost more dollars + the fat stimmy spending
It finally happened. A big brain has come to tell us why repealing 230 is a good thing.
Does your reservation string starting with "R" stand for "Retarded"?
It’s my boyfriends boyfriends boyfriend that I’m worried about. He has a reddit username that I believe rhymes with ‘MrTomOcularDominion’. Haven’t seen him yet though, I’m in the clear.
TOMORROW WE TAKE **REVENGE** FOR WHAT THE MARKET DID TO OUR MEMEFOLIOS THIS WEEK
"Hey! What's goin on guys!"
better shit to spend money on a than a car that's about to drive itself
[deleted]
Staying strong 💎🙌
Aren’t we all
Truth I carve alot by hand to get detail. If you want look threw my pictures on my profile. I do it all in sand as I want to get in to lost wax its just more costly to start up but I will be able to do even more with lost wax
were you being gay? 🐻🐻🐻
It didn’t used to be. It became a big thing during COVID.
I’m smoking yall on the 1D retard index
Citrus and milk....terrible combination.
That's when i was 18 lol, I had too much other stuff going on for me to commit to that at the time
anybody know if Gov Cuomo is a jets fan? could be material to my 15 second DD for why DKNG going moon moon soon
and i like their modular skateboard.  tbh i have a huuuuuge stake in nio and i fucking hate their battery replacement concept.  so thats probably going to change real soon.  i'd love to see goev bought out by apple *unzips pants*
The amount of times I’ve laughed at one of these shitty McConnell jokes - 0
[deleted]
#
You’re in the right place
yeah. seems like a safe answer
Don’t hold overnight
it's really quite baffling lol
Plan on getting calls at open. What dates
**I am a bot and identified and tracked the following options picks within this post:**

|**Ticker**|**Strike**|**Type**|**Exp**|**Recorded Premium**|**Recorded Stock Price**|**OI**|**Volume**|
|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|
|**SPY**|**$375**|**BUY CALL**|**2020-12-31**|**$0.4**|**$371.46**|**62077**|**50877**

[Realtime ROI](https://www.pickmojo.com/pick/ckjaz060i59kk07946k25ka2n) | [Track Record](https://www.pickmojo.com/user/welcome_2_america/) | [Bot Info](https://www.reddit.com/r/pickmojo/comments/he9ghu/options_picks_tracking_bot_information/) | Leaderboard: [Week](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-week-reddit), [Month](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-month-reddit), [All](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/top-reddit) | [Exit this position](https://www.pickmojo.com/reddit_redirect)

**^(*Recorded after market close, will be recorded at the next market open if the premium is within 10% margin. My owner is monitoring these posts, reply with feedback! You can now track comments by mentioning me!)**
Yes you keep coming back and replying for more;) keep up the edginess buddy you’re doing great! And keep replying I think you’ll best me here soon hehe
Dollar down =stocks cost more dollars = 🌚
Positions?
Fuck guys Cathie Woods makes me hard as fuck
holy shit i didn't realize that was a thing
I just want to see 47-48. I’ll happily watch it go to the moon after I’ve sold if it does that. Don’t need the 10 bagger as nice as it would be. Just a nice consistent profit
If mitch is undermined tomorrow, spy to 380
Haha ya no I figured that. It's exactly that public sentiment that lead to so many shares of GME being shorted, making the squeeze possible tho. As long as Cohen is involved/presents the threat of a takeover I think they will follow through on the changes promised during their last earnings report (which pretty closely mimics Cohen's letter to them). Even if they never actually get their shit together, if the public sentiment/stock price remains this high/higher for 'X" amount of time the shorts are going to have to buy shares and this thing should squeeze. That said I'm a retard myself so I could just as easily be wrong and lose a few months rent on it.
[deleted]
Amen
I haven't sold yet. I'm hoping for a rebound.
That expire January?  That's kinda bold no?  Or am I illiterate?  I might be.
In n out would be better.
Tupac yes but my dew rag is at the dry cleaners.
That is true
It’s funny I liked PSTH, but with all these Chad’s just flexing with their “big plays” yeah naw I’m good haha. Seen that movie before
Well I’m making a huge assumption that his overall assets are less than 5 million in which case I would not recommend dropping 5-10% of ur net worth on a car... I may not be at his level yet, but I will get there soon enough and when I do I won’t be dropping 5-10% of my wealth on a car, a house yes. But not on a (most likely) depreciating asset. I get he didn’t buy this car as an investment tho and he’s free to enjoy the fruits of his labour
Hold my $GME
At least one of those seats if not both is going Republican. I'd like to be surprised but im not falling for it this time lol
WHAT FUCKIN CONSPIRACY IS THERE WHEN PRECIOUS JACK SAYS THEY ARE A PUBLIC SQUARE?!?! 

YOU MUST BE ON THE SPECTRUM, FUCKIN IMBECILE. Just because you dont understand anything being said in response to your "private company" bs doesnt mean repeating it will somehow make you correct or know what you are talking about.
On Geekbench benchmark the MacBook Air is higher than the Macbook Pro 16-inch. Is that for real? It's like 2k less expensive how can it be better? Anyways AAPL 130c 2/19
My income is prob 5x yours, get off your high horse
She told him that Nicola was legit
I can’t. Just can’t.
Made profits off of them last month. Ones I’ve held since are straight dickin me
I'm buying CRM and SQ as well. No clue what bottom is. Got in CRM around 222 and SQ at 210. Will buy every $5 down from there - for SQ I'm pretty sure it isn't getting below 195.
Pretty sure it's just catching traction because he said there would be a Q1 announcement
That confirms my bias so must be correct. 

Seriously though I can believe they do 30% of steady state. And I can believe that’s the most important part. But that’s not even close to getting 30% of allocation at launch.
how is bob swan not fired yet
gme for mcrib plz

for real tho, take out a $20k loan @ 14% and gamble on options lol
🔥👨🏻‍🦳Mitch betta have ma money👨🏻‍🦳🔥
[deleted]
[deleted]
for SA my top choices would be Colombia or Uruguay. Montevideo could be dope... cheap & safe. not the cheapest in the world tho

Colombia gotta be near poor asia level of cheap
Mitch please!
21 EoM

33 February 21
ALL THE BAGHOLDERS HATING
Why would you buy the “dip” on a dead cat bounce?
You want to be chosen
It went to $32 for a sec and I was the happiest boy a boy could be cause I finally broke even after exploding my portfolio playing tesla puts earlier in the year. And then we drilled to the earth... Time to strap in and goto uranus
I made money on both. 🤷🏻‍♂️
What are you looking at to get 130 million available to short? I thought they only lent them out if they were bought on margin. Also one thing to consider is as the price rises the margin required to maintain that short position increases. Right now the total short value is like 1.4 billion which at 130% margin is like 1.8 B. Melvin capitals sec portfolio value is like 20B so if we assume they have the majority of the short position at some point they won’t have enough cash to keep up with the price increasing and will be forced to cover.
"Oh, that *is* a shitty comment" 100% of the time
Thailand.
They use a refrigerator
That Reddit account history is an entire mood
Think it'll homogenize into another investment reddit? I used to come here to see what to steer clear of, but I've started finding useful nucleation points for weekend research. Even if much of them are counter-gain leads, I've learned quite a bit about the process by going on deep dives into the various settling points :) Hell, two weeks ago I didn't know the Reg SHO  was just the first step in the process of handling undelivered securities! Never bothered to research it until GME was on my watch list :p
Should have sold my puts at close today.
Guaranfuckingtee it smells like the underside of a toenail that hasn't been clipped in way too long and is slightly ingrown.
[deleted]
[removed]
I’m surprised you got that amount of detail with sand. Normally small precise pieces are cast with lost-wax casting in a plaster mold. Did you just use a couple sprues/how’d you get it to fill out so well?
This man really just wrote a Rotten Tomatoes review on Belle’s porno I’m dead 😂
Don’t give me hope
Obligatory ‘Buy 100 shares of GME’ 🚀
Republicans pretend to represent libertarian principles but theyve always been authoritarian
Thanks for the update. 
Any thoughts on this analysis (At the top)?

https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kmhp1p/pltr_technicalfundamental_analysis_from_a/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf
Anyone follow dxy, fuck
Spreads? That's not very retarded of you. Should be selling those naked and uncovered calls only
Lmao bout to go down to $12
Google “countries that pay Americans to telework” and go with the one that offers the biggest incentive package. There are lots of great countries offering generous terms to Americans to work from home from their country in return for paying rent or buying a house there.
Anyone into ge calls ?
ate some mandarins after drinking milk

bad fucking idea
He better have my fucking money. He might not give it back to me, but he better fucking have it.
Lmao I’m not the one who thinks $15 is a better investment because it’s less than $200. Also you wanna bet I made more money than you
Closed my spy and qqq puts today for a profit, will start puts again at open if we get such a juicy overbought pump
About 30% cash, 50% I bought the uvxy dip at 10.50. 20% in cheap sqqq 16 and 20 calls late January expiry
Good shit retard
Something funny about that? You prefer the term debit spreads?
There's some DD for market wide sell off January, profit taking etc. Hedgies like to prop up year end on low volume, but MM will unwind and dump come new year for tax purposes etc. No one can really predict that.

Also 25-30c because moass can happen July or August. No one here has a crystal ball, and I'm giving advice for people to not lose their money yolo'ing weeklies OTM calls.

But ya MOASS happen, no one has ever seen a stock this shorted by like this before. [Here's an example, 2nd more shorted is only 74% float short while GME still sitting pretty at over 130%.](https://www.highshortinterest.com/all/)Fucken insane.
Good dd but your suggested call is trash. 85C weekly? Makes me think you're bag holding it and want an easy way out. But good long term hold, yes
Lol we only got scalped by MM.
PLTR opening predictions?
stimmy money coming in BEARS ARE DEAD
Buying to close covered calls: XOM $43 1/22, HUN $25 call 1/15

Holding calls on the same, XLE, GE, F, and multiple banned tickers that expire in late 2021.
[deleted]
Didn't have to considering they did 10 of them for us all. For real though, I'm pretty sure they spent more time investigating Benghazi between 2012-2016 then doing anything else.
BABA stocks for the long term prints, already back up 10% from a 1 year low, load up now while its cheap
Tell your girl to put you on all 4s and tell her to grab your cock from the back in between your legs, let her milk you and when you are about to explode, tell her to fold your cock up your ass for a fascinating experience
I did as much DD on ya as I do on a next pick for my portfolio, so you got me there haha. I still think we all need to do our part and consign more frens to the GME cause. I've got 3 others to invest their spare change to fuck over the gay bears, have you?
It means you can either be a publisher or a platform not both. Platforms can't be sued for content, publishers can. Publishers can exercise control over content, platforms can't. You can't have your cake and eat it too. edit: word
Seems like it. It was my net worth. Got to build my wealth from 0 now
F
You're the fucking idiot here.  You've proven you're too stupid to be objective and are easily manipulated to believe idiotic conspiracies. Again, they are a private fucking company, not a public square.  It is the same as I can pick and choose what signs are in my yard.  You cannot come to my home and place a sign on my property.  If you do, I have every right to pull it up and put it in the trash.  Now go add some value to society and $ROPE yourself.
It seems more like 90% GME lately
He doesn’t need anyone’s backing to filibuster, but in fact the Dems do support the 2k bill.
+1 30$ PLTR weekly for this post
It's because finance channels get the most RPM.  Its like $15-20 per 1000 views, so they're motivated to put out all this shit content so all those stock gurus spend their money on those shitty ads you see before anyone of these videos.
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=\_klIJjpIi3g&ab\_channel=TheMarketCrashUpdate](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_klIJjpIi3g&ab_channel=TheMarketCrashUpdate)
[deleted]
!remindme 18 hours
Must not like blowjays either. Because, by your logic, if a guy were blowing you it would be gay 🤷‍♂️
Dear diary
Subway, eat fresh.
Oh thats a legitimate reason. Good luck
Not everyone needs to flex nuts in a car
Wow never considered SA, mostly thought poor Asian countries lol
[deleted]
Nice 👍
I can't wait to see all the designs, models and other stuff they're going to make over the next 5 years. All my other holdings are boring af.
In law school rn. Shit is a grind. Should have listened to the people that said don’t go into it. Literally filled with the worst types of people you’ve met in your life. Should have just cruised with my business degree.
Sq calls been raw dogging me for a minute 😅😅. Watch out with them
planet ARIUM
Oh wow, now I know you’re a full retard. Market cap is based SOLELY on stock price that has NOTHING to do with earnings or anything but consumer sentiment. I thought you had a valid point for about 5 milliseconds. 

Enjoy being a fucking clown! 🤡🤡🤡
Sometimes, i usually prefer longer time plays
I started selling calls on SQ against my long position basically creating a vertical spread. Down 40% on my 18 Jun 21 but now up 30% on the 18 Jun 21 270 call I sold. Buy back the 270, sell the 260 rinse repeat if it continues to take a shit
Did you jump in with sirjackalot? you'll be holding for awhile
Mitch is like the shitty part of the banana 🍌, you know what’d be funny if he was on here reading all these and just rolling
Also this is concerning:

https://twitter.com/CVCResearch/status/1290748634569388033

Per one of the comments in that thread, the "best" implication of that is that TRUP is reaching for additional sales.
Wtf LOL why not just get a girl
Fuck Su Bae, Bob Swan got that juicy ass
Yeah...it’s been that way for 80 years.
It’s not a competition!
Who said I did? I called you out for acting like you would purposely comment to harvest downvoted when in reality you just tried making another edgy “unpopular opinion” comment. You’re so edgy bro go you ;)
All I know is WAP sorry I’m no help
Not seeing SPX in Robinhood. Cash-settled, right?
i got covered calls to sell you
Just finished watching the full 13 minute Belle Delphine Christmas vid. In short, I am utterly surprised on how bad it was, literally something you can't mess up, penetrative sex on camera was failed. In the FULL 13 minutes of the video we get no full frontal pussy shot. WTF. What is the point of releasing a sextape if you're still carrying on doing the gimmick that you hide your vagina in every photo/video that you do on your subscription service?? They need to pay a cinematographer, screenwriter, even a basic cameraman for her videos if this amount of money is needed to access them, there's a reason why there's dedicated crew and directors for pornography videos. Not only did they need a crew, they needed proper editors to fix the damn fucking lighting, my eyes were burning from how much the brightness was fucked up. The angles in the video were so damn off, in multiple scenes 2/3rds of the scene is just showcasing the man's buttocks, legs and rest of the body rather than Belle. In most of the penetrative scenes, with the camera angle that they chose, her head is cut off from the frame, what is the point, her whole facial expressions and face got her to this point of fame?!? Nobody knew or followed Belle Delphine for her body. Yet again, with the whole hiding of her vagina, her self masturbation scene is limited to her fingering her butthole, I kept on telling myself that she would do something different, or maybe she had some anal fetish, but from 1:21 to 4:22, it's literally just that, a waste of 3 minutes of my time. I'm in utter disbelief on how they messed this thing up, thank god I got it for free. Worst thing is, I didn't even nut.
thought it wasn't that cheap?
Maybe, but Bernie doesn’t have the backing of the rest of the dems
Any Wells Fargo bros already got their 600?
If you really believed that you're easy to lie to
Calls on her buys and puts on her sells.
Max once
Call me crazy but I don't think the guy with 2.2mil in stock and a paid in full Tesla roadster is going to take investment advice from a likely 25yr old broke asshole associate banker wannabe showboating in an off the rack zegna and clearance Swiss, all paid for on his third maxed out credit card.
Who’s GME?
Haven’t checked futures in hours. bear r fuk
Ogar
[deleted]
march 30c get in bro
Social security number or ban
Someone gimme a play tomororw, I’m thinking baba and sq calls so far
Correct
"Verygayrobot"
I went looking for the og post and found this gem. Dammit I wasted some good whiskey spitting it out on the floor. https://www.reddit.com/r/tax/comments/kms384/onlyfans_tax_question/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf
In college I jacked off 8 times a day.  2 in the morning, 2 at night, 4 times during a fap n nap session
Why?
Thanks 🍄🍰🍄🍰🍄🍰🚀🚀🚀
U told her about ur fds
Gold is just a do nothing bitch.
That wiz khalifa remix is sick! Thanks for the link brother! 🚀
Before, you had the right to buy 100 shares for $5750 until 1/21/22.

Now, you have the right to buy $5600 for $5750 until 1/15/21.

also, you're mixing up the terms 'autist' and 'retard', but that's ok.  please enjoy your unmitigated ass-fucking.
Yeah that would be a game changer then. Hm I guess it would be worth sacrificing 2k stimmy for that
That personal finance quote made me laugh out loud
3x a day??
You act like anyone can find a job right now or going forward, so really you were kind of arguing that it’s not deflationary.
I actually was part of a commercial due diligence engagement involving teleinfrastructure space a while back. I don’t remember all the nuances but yes 5G is only possible thru fiber. I guess century link is a more pure fiber play than CCI but lemme see if I can dig up some info from the depths of my memory.
31st is the last day of tax loss harvesting in the US. 29th is Canada. You got fucked by 🇨🇦 today. Tomorrow and Thursday is 🇺🇸 turn.
Belize
okay daddy, gn
[deleted]
this shit is like high school smfh
Is it worth? How’s goes it with the ladies
[deleted]
Bloomberg also interviewed some kid that turned $5k into $25k from Hertz, but didn’t have the balls to show Alex Steele. That kid somehow got praise for it, meanwhile there are some random 20 year olds with a few hundred k in their robinhood account freaking out during 15 minute server crashes because they don’t have a damn schwab account.
[removed]
[removed]
Actually, he did not make money. HD Supply was acquired and his option to purchase 100 shares at 57.5 each is now an option to purchase $5,600 for $5,750.
nope.  Major us bank and credit union.  Both no check
Mitch the type of guy to ask if he can borrow your phone for a second so he can call a relative in Armenia
Despite how retarded and autistic this sub is the reason i lurk here because not only the memes, but also how “human” the community is like.

I think we just gave up to our primal instinct and bet our live savings away.
[deleted]
[deleted]
what's the best expat country/city for americans who want to live dirt cheap keeping taxes, visa & everything in mind? south america being high value due to time zone & working remotely
3
P
L
T
R
🚀
🌒
5m to really be safe
Imagine getting 1000% on 50K lol I will achieve this feat in my lifetime.
Per Wikipedia:  

No provider or user of an interactive computer service shall be treated as the publisher or speaker of any information provided by another information content provider. 

The statute in Section 230(c)(2) further provides "[Good Samaritan](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Good_Samaritan)" protection from civil liability for operators of interactive computer services in the removal or moderation of third-party material they deem obscene or offensive, even of constitutionally protected speech, as long as it is done in good faith. 

Translation: Tech platforms can remove/censor/moderate stuff they don't like (and not get in trouble for it), and can't be sued by people for having stuff on their site that third parties (users like you and me) posted.
Good bot?
Well, hate to say it, but........

That is just a theory on games
Loc Tar
https://www.barchart.com/stocks/performance/five-day-gainers/declines?viewName=main

set to "performance view" to see 1 month % loss, 3 month, etc. Sort by those columns.

It's free! Play around with it!
How many times a day do y’all relieve stress
You don't do any drugs do you...
Websites are not considered publishers and therefore don’t have legal responsibility for the shit people say - they’re more treated as a town board people can put messages on. If sec 230 goes away that legal protection goes away.
Hi Melvin
Reminds me of rich dad poor dad. We didn't talk about money in my house growing up. My wife and I are doing everything we can to help our kids understand it and how to use it to make more, and how to bless others.
No payment sir, pls sen agai
nice
In a nutshell, you could go on reddit and write a terroristic threat and Reddit would get brought to court with you and be legally liable.
If by watch you mean FOMO at the top, duh why the fuck else am i here
That’s what Thursday is for right?
Agreed
House sitting for the neighbors = destroying their toilet instead of mine
Yeah shit, think you’re right. Forgot about settlement period. Thx
If you could only get into one would it be $VALE or $MT?
Might as well sit out or try masterworks my guy
Give me a turn at your girls bum
There’s another PTSH large position yolo on the front page. Seems like PTSH is either taking us to the pro mouse land of a bunch of bot pages making up bullshit
[deleted]
idk if thats good or bad?
>The RH gold interest rate is 2.5%. That's $200 annually or $16.66 a month on $8,000 of borrowed capital.

2.5% is pretty high. I'm sure there are brokers with better interest rates for margin accounts out there. For example on [IBKR is 1.6%](https://www.interactivebrokers.com/en/index.php?f=46376) but you have to pay comissions for trades (1$-2$ per trade)

&#x200B;

>I'am also bullish on NET and it's $10 below it's ATH so it seems like a good idea that I want to act on. I'm just looking for someone to try and talk me out of it.

You might be interested in a strategy know as "the wheel" where you start selling puts over a stock you want to own, and once you are assigned (if ever) then you start selling covered calls until your stock gets assigned. Rinse and repeat.

Check r/options and r/thetagang subreddits for more/better info regarding this than this one
Smoll pp with Spartan 300 abs 🤌🏻
TLRY has had $600C for Jan 15 for like 4 months now lol
I know one of you retards is geeked out of your face. Ramble at me. I want to see if I miss it or I’m just drunk.
He spent his entire life chasing his passion and he built a career out of it. Most people (probably including you) will spend their entire lives trudging in and out of jobs they fucking loathe and still end up with less to show for it than him. Yes, he could be wealthier if he finished college then got some desk job at his dad's company and sat on his shares for 45 years. But what would be the point? Trade over half of your life away so when you're in your 60s you can afford a 20K sq ft house instead of an 8K sq ft house? Buy a Lambo instead of an AMG? Good Lord.
How did you get 2 did you refer someone?
This probably isn't it either, companies go public for capital and In n Out likes to expand very slowly to ensure quality, they don't need money.
Curious, wasn't this a direct listing, so insiders already sold some on the date of listing.  The potential sale on lock up expiration would be incremental to that, right?
look up first mover advantage and killed in the cradle, yes they can but it's not easy
Come back to GME!!!
My thought exactly! Especially with it this low
YOU SHUT YOUR WHORE MOUTH HEATHEN
[removed]
RemindMe! 16 Jan 2021
How XPev doing in the fantasy markets
pltr
It would essentially change the internet as you know it. No company that allows any public user input would allow anything to be posted without prior approval. If you posted anything illegal, THEY would also be legally liable for hosting said illegal thing.
Lost cause. Never double msg
What an idiot
Right, all I read was free calls
[removed]
My bank app ain’t loading. Us plebs really got 600 already?
Shrek still got it
Home Depot bought out HD Supply - this is your consolation prize, since HD Supply is no longer public.
US
When I see a massively downvoted comment i just gotta see what it is lol. It’s like putting a “DO NOT TOUCH” on a cookie jar, I’m gonna touch it anyways 🐻🍪
followed instructions , ended up selling $500,000 worth of online courses 🥸
💎🙌
[removed]
Of course Mitch was gonna block the stimulus, his donors weren’t gonna benefit from it. Real sad tho, there are millions of people struggling.  I saw a line for food banks miles long.
[deleted]
Same but SQ
No clue cuz I can't see his entry and don't have an additional info, but I'm gonna assume he made money
Work menial job 

Buy GME shares

Call family for money

Buy GME shares

All hail the short squeeze. It will come. Tomorrow, the numbers say tomorrow.

Buy power up membership to appease the short squeeze God 

You didn't buy GME shares? Put your nuts on the smashing altar
Did someone say 🚀🚀🚀🚀?
RKT Pleas fly again 🚀
350 eoy
BABA 350 in Dalaran
Omfg, you are one of those fucking retards that thinks stock prices determine investibility... look at market cap instead asshole. I can’t believe I’m wasting my time with ppl like you
U have smoll pp now?
In N Out won’t go public. The fact the it is family run is essential to the company... at least in their mind. 
Would be nice tho
Which would in fact be the exact opposite of what Trump wants. Ipso facto, he’s a moron
plus i kind of dig theyre an american company
you got his number on speed dial?
My greed always gets the best of me
lmfao, so thats what you turn to after that video of precious jack saying they are a public square. shut those cum catchers up you sorry fuck
What would be the catalyst for a sell off in January? And why 25-30c if you anticipate the MOASS? In the event of the MOASS, $420.69 calls will print.
Mitch the kinda guy to gift you something for the house that only he'll use
Talking to this girl on IG, things going well then boom, no reply for 12 hours. Shall I assume its a lost cause or double msg???
Does post mortem decomposition count?
Thank you
[deleted]
When you get it , double the $500 and ask for 10k
If I make the $5k back that I lost today I will be handing out golden fuck boys tomorrow and you can hold me to it. Good night everyone
htz
Might have to try this for FD money
[deleted]
Don’t be stingy, mark
Future me: I'd like a can of Coke.

Store: That'll be $10,000.
Work room 6 kids I can come up,with alot of excuses but really its cuz I'm buzy between working an kids stuff gets left there. On the upside getting cleaned tomorrow😎
Happy cake day, and agreed
😐
That is so soft. I guess gay is a hateful word, I thought we accepted them now?
It means company’s will be liable for everything that gets posted to there sites everything would have to be moderated the internet as we know it would be over only giant companies would be able to moderate such things . Reddit wouldn’t exist.
im honestly reducing my position to eat some losses and in general im kind of tired of holding the bag.  that usually means its going to moon right after i sell
pltr
lol the ministry of truth is a monopolistic private entity, wow that's so much better than the government.
If it’s repealed social media companies could be sued because of what it’s users post
I'm a bot. Recent empty self posts, noob questions, and spam which people were temp-banned for. Bans are 1-2 days to discourage posts that ought to be comments.

User|Post Title
:--|:--
/u/sledge211|[Phones are waterproof, so screens need to be drop-proof. #StocksintheShower #NoDontBuyThat #WellMaybeKeepGME](https://redd.it/kmu8j8)
/u/Demon_Slayer151|[PLTR to the Moon](https://redd.it/kmuf5h)
/u/Mrgod2u82|[PSTH will......](https://redd.it/kmugoo)
/u/rjc0915|[Here’s a great series of threads about the economy, and how markets work. Just in case there are any retards lucky enough to get your wife’s boyfriend to read it to you. Flair’s probably wrong. Ban me.](https://redd.it/kmum23)
/u/thug_funnie|[REAL BALLERS DONT EVEN GET STIMMYS.](https://redd.it/kmuw6n)
/u/userscren5|[What if everyone in this forum decided to buy $100 of gme or some shit stock on the same day and time?](https://redd.it/kmuyqx)
/u/Tthomas33|[Hey guys I just found about this really cool stock trading app](https://redd.it/kmvibk)
/u/SushiPants85|[Our robinhood usually takes from the poor.](https://redd.it/kmvka4)
/u/KarenFoundAStick|[When someone posts a huge gain off options they are not an autist they are a autist savant](https://redd.it/kmvnkm)
/u/nmb28|[My girlfriend told me she’d give me $500 when I’m able to double her initial investment of $100 in Robinhood.](https://redd.it/kmvocw)
Mitch the type of guy to ask for extra lemon wedges for his vodka soda
I believe its because HD Supply was acquired by Home Depot--since the acquisition is for a set price, all options technically become worthless as there will be no more fluctuations. Hence you get a settlement as compensation
CATHIE I LOVE YOUUUU
And then the internet got fucked, and people were right.
Right cuz you post comment trying to harvest downvotes lol you really thought you had a witty and edgy “unpopular opinion” shit comment lolol
Pltr
Adobe has a 15B buyback in effect. Right now my biggest holdings are Pinterest, Adobe, and Fastly. I don't think there will be much of a catalyst besides strong growth for the content sector in e-commerce.
INTEL 55 tomorrow
[deleted]
A week on Tren, never if you’re natty like some clowns here 🤡
Wait, your wives *don’t* have boyfriends?
[deleted]
What strike/exp?
Chill bro, MMs gonna kidnap you. Giving out too much free game
Blue horseshoe loves anacostia steel
so, buy calls?
Are you in the US or Canada.
If you  aint cruising on your own yacht, you aint cruising.
My wife forgot to make the snickerdoodles before she went to bed and now I’m eating these bullshit 70 calorie cinnamon coffee cake things
[deleted]
The day they ban “trader” comments it’s gonna be wyld slash quiet n here. Some of you got it.
I got a friend to join and also got MSFT.  I agreed to sell and split the tendies with them
Lucky duck
That badly disparages Terry
Honestly, it looks amazing. Great job.

But the bulls head should be down as if it wants to raid that 🌈🐻
i dont trust the fake news futures anymore
Ok up 35k on year, best company to run the wheel on and join theta gang?
Keep getting raw dogged by my QS calls
I’m either buying my next house cash or working at McDonald’s to pay for my divorce.
It'll be more entertaining than watching Tsla produce the same stuff each year.
230 says platforms can’t be held liable for what people say.  Repealing it will lead to more censorship.
Mitch the type of guy to go to LV223 and tell david to tell the engineer that he's not getting a stimulus check either
[deleted]
Probably the same people who outlawed marijuana.
I declare bankruptcy!!!
Occupation: cringe-lord
The riff from snow 🤤
They use their own patented system.
In Su I trust
These companies can easily be challenged.  Its a website with an overlay to make the message board look move visually appealing.
My 515/510p credit spreads be shaking lol
Rip, I didn't see that. I still think the target will be food-related though.
[deleted]
I never get one
its cool i lost 10k
[deleted]
Why is you table so messy?
Mitch the type of guy to buy you scratch offs for Christmas, but they’re all $1s
This genuinely had me rolling. Good shit bro...lol
This is fucking real. Give me 200 contracts at the open and fuel up my 🚀🚀
STIC is the better SPAC

YOU PICKED THE WRONG ONE FOR FUTURE TENDIES
There's something creepy about his chin. Like he's had his face glued back together by vampires or something.
So you’re telling me blowjobs are not currency?
account hanging on life support while SPY keeps rising or barely drops? Yeah me too
The reason I believe is that the funds need time to settle. For me at least it takes 3 days,
RSI is 87 man.  Better to buy 10P at this time.
[deleted]
Two more days and you can do it all over again!
How much did he make and why?
None of my YouTube training cover vanna
Much better than yesterday! What’s the sentiment going forward? Nio day taking us to 50?
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** I don't think we're understood as a community

**URL:** https://redd.it/kmuqwa
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=kmuqwa) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/orbotron88, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
BenjaminFernwood
quiveringmass
orbotron88
[removed]
IRS has a help line for situations like this, write down the name of the agent you talk with.
fourtyseethree
What’s up with all these what’s up with all these what’s up with all these questions?
[deleted]
I would like to know the answer to this question as well
your mom's house
All these guys who are so proud that they do anal.. you do realize if it was a guy your doing anal with you would be gay right? 

I never got the anal obsession. Tried it once (giving not receiving.. Settle down) and will never do it again.
PUMP THIS SHIT UP!!!!!

REEEEEEEEEEE
Ramen Noodles?
Su Bae in a league of her own
Two interesting angles to consider:
1) what about AT&T buying them to supplement hbomax?  
2) disney also owns abc and espn, they could use theaters to broadcast large sporting events in addition to movies
Heh amateur, well the years not over yet
[removed]
Let’s hope early Jan like Jan 4th Pre market lol
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
[deleted]
Hey guys pro tip coming at ya- if you’re losing money, just start making money 🤙🏻
Ok this is pretty fucking epic. Props to you and the gamestop king, /u/deepfuckingvalue
!remindme 45 days
Looks like you won a $5,600 gift card for HD Supply. New Robinhood referral thing they’re trying out.
Except it won't, the Benghazi investigations proved that. Half the population still assumes Obama's administration tried to cover up their failures that ultimately led to the attack despite the first investigation finding no evidence that they did. We then proceeded to have 9 more into it over the remainder of Obama's term.
Hell, Republicans still assume the Mueller investigation was a witch hunt.

My point is just that nobody ever looks at the results, only that there was claims. Allowing an investigation into claims of widespread fraud nobody has proof exist only serves to grant it a shred of legitimacy and normalizes subverting the court if they don't give election losers the answer they want.
BFT THCB GME

PICK YOUR 2
Yeah, its easy money. Hoping to get to 1,000 contracts at a time. Do one of those trades a day would be $1,000/ day quarter mill a year...
> Correction my good man: PSTH sponsor has zero founder shares

uh.. correcting what?

>The only difference is he **isn't** double-dipping with founders shares too.
Ok
\[CONFIRMATION B I A S\]

this is for all my bagholding homiesexuals.

12/29 was blood red since it was last day of tax selloff day, we rippin from here, lets get this fuckin bread!

holding pltr, gme, baba, xl, fcel (memefolio robinhood) LFG
One cruise worth
Same, likely around 4K after selling PLTR puts today
Did you have it all in before you claimed your free stock?
Haven't heard much about engine and battery problems, but damn they can't even do one last look over to see if there are panel gaps and upholstery problems? Ridiculous
Honestly if I see a stock mentioned here more than 2 days in a row I just buy ATM puts and those are the most likely to print
Classic lmao
Nah ARKK might not have run it had in 2020 but its going to return 25% CAGR in 2021 easy.
Great idea. Plus, it will make people wonder about the meaning. Crocs are the Pontiac Aztec of shoes.
That’s becoming harder for most people to achieve. Contrary to what the techno files would have you believe, technology is deflationary and eliminates jobs.
Dunno. There seems to be a pretty strong rotation into value that started in November. Banks, energy, etc. BRK is a good example (definition of boomer stock) which has had good volume as of recent. There may be a pretty heavy pullback in growth coming soon with blue chip and value taking the lead in 2021. Just my $0.02.
Lol
Said like a bear
Pleas fly again
Why? It's an honest question. If I broke rules than I understand. But am I?
Is that the 100 Thieves Cash App Compound Cash App?
Stop pumping, no one is retarded enough to hold your bags
TF? We're a finance sub??
🐻🌈
Dumb.
[deleted]
That’s because you only make low 5 figured a year you dirty peasant
**I am a bot and identified and tracked the following options picks within this post:**

|**Ticker**|**Strike**|**Type**|**Exp**|**Recorded Premium**|**Recorded Stock Price**|**OI**|**Volume**|
|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|
|**NET**|**$80**|**WRITE CALL**|**2021-01-29**|**$4.3**|**$76.4**|**39**|**43**

[Realtime ROI](https://www.pickmojo.com/pick/ckjaynb7o525m07941mnq8887) | [Track Record](https://www.pickmojo.com/user/nkino650/) | [Bot Info](https://www.reddit.com/r/pickmojo/comments/he9ghu/options_picks_tracking_bot_information/) | Leaderboard: [Week](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-week-reddit), [Month](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-month-reddit), [All](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/top-reddit) | [Exit this position](https://www.pickmojo.com/reddit_redirect)

**^(*Recorded after market close, will be recorded at the next market open if the premium is within 10% margin. My owner is monitoring these posts, reply with feedback! You can now track comments by mentioning me!)**
Mitch is Terry in Soul
Repealing 230 means wsb goes bye bye.  Who will make me feel better about my lost tenders?!?
How long does it take y’all to shed beer belly
If u quit now you will have done better than 90% of day traders
just the third act
If he wants to fuck with section 230 (controversial) he can go fuck with it any time he wants. $2k passed the house and has the votes in the senate and the president behind it ^alone^. Not tied to partisan shit. PS killing 230 would bury every major online publication, parler included, w/legal liability for the bullshit people say on it. Good luck.
Shut up and put your money where your mouth is.  Short Twitter, sell naked calls, and buy puts with every cent you have.
Thanks g
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** How I met my wife and her boyfriend

**URL:** https://redd.it/kmt41p
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=kmt41p) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/Swinghodler, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
Jack-Skinne
Responsible-Effort88
ccscience
icanflywheniwant
quiveringmass
Rynschp
It’s probably In and Out. I sure hope it is. I love Chic Fil A but I have to sell stocks after eating there just to pay their exorbitant prices for tiny chicken nuggs. CUM ON IN AND OUT 🚀🚀🚀
Wasn't it also ARCT shitting the bed that did it?
Looking for a bottom on SQ and CRM. Starting to think they might go sideways and down for a bit more if things continue to move into value.
I lost $3400 this year. F
TL;DR
Never said you were wrong about fiscal vs monetary, didn't even mention it. I said you were wrong about governments role in inflation and the need to have inflation in a capitalist economy. Because the op was talking macro economics and the role government has in macro economics which involves both fiscal and monetary policies.
I’ll send you a food box.
So fkin hungry
Can someone dumb down section 230 for me
Cause it’s shit
[deleted]
reported and banned hope it was worth it
Retard move, if ya ask me. Google's SJW BS will tank the company in the long term.
Shit, thought I had till 12/31.
Depends on what you got
🤯
2023? Mf got time
You could always troll the ever-loving shit out of them when they get to the "bringing boyfriends home for christmas" phase by getting them the lovely yellow cover "how to for dummies" relationship books or anything mental health related.
Its OK.
APES STRONK TOHETHER.
RH gives away gme n a...m........c?
yes
Give me a grand you gay bear
Why is GME is hot with you guys? Did I miss some news on it?
Keep in mind that IBD is only reporting one brokers worth of data
Ban
I run only twice a week but over 5 miles each run, I guess I consider myself a runner because I ran cross country in high school and kept it up as part of my workout routine after college
Already in play 😎
Don’t know who that is, but probably.
Yeah , I'm not so sure about ARKK yet, but it's looking like a long burn before I see any green
huh
Don’t hate the player hate the game
For that one person scrolling through stressing about your year losses, keep going 💪 you got this
No you don’t
I’d cut off my left nut and shit in my hand and eat it then quit my job
How’s PLTR looking on Aussie market
No you dont
[deleted]
Lol bagholder
100% this.  OP has no knowledge of Chick Fil A or how they operate.
fantastic song
thats fucked up
"get other stuff done"
$MOON 

maybe
$138 EOW.  May not hold.  But its touching it again.

&#x200B;

DD:  I've got 12/31 137c FDs with a 138.17 break even.
Proving my point that you’re wrong “you dumb fucking idiot”... I can do this all day buddy
Other than youtube videos, he does not. Sorry to spoil it for you.
When they see us is a sad story
Ban
Gambling in options is a skill..,
How fast are you retards gonna lose your $600 tomorrow
I’d laugh if they passed it and then made another bill adding it back if the Democrats win Georgia.
Ya Allah, did you mean to visit r/MuslimNoFap? In challah you will be victorious.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Instead of doing No Fap 2021 should we do No Fap Until PLTR $40?
Honestly Apple puts after ath run up are always free money, cashed in on 12/31 puts today. Leaving  1/8 137 puts to cash out tomorrow
Wait, not now, last day to do this was yesterday (dec 29). But keep in mind for next year
I can't believe I watched the whole thing
What's with all these what's with all these questions?
Dude you don’t even know bro
Buy high, sell low. Let's see how that strategy works.
No it’s not lol nio is a shit Chinese company
PDD sold 500m worth of shares through private placement the other day, it could just be other institutions jumping on, in the open market this time.
Nah, he'd say fuck mm, retail to the moon.
I feel this.
Mitch is the type of guy to divorce his wife when she gets cancer. Wait that was Gingrich. Fuck it, close enough.
Its already a ghost town. What do you mean 'catch' up??.....
The founder (CEO grand daddy) put it in a 100 year trust to not go public.

Save your calls till 2046. 

This comment has been blessed by Jesus.
Do you trust in Woods as a fund manager? Infinite catalyst potential if so.
I make low seven figures a year but I’m still mad I’m not getting any of that $600
Yeah yeah I meant repealing it, sorry, I’ve been up too long 😅
We might have to wait til Jan 1. People are closing the books on this shit year.
**Mitch type dude that kidnaps neighborhood dogs and wait for Reward posters.**



My high school girlfriends brother did this. 
He was a real piece of shit.
Plzzzzzzz Mitch
Jan will be better. Everything is oversold cause of EOY .
Why...
[deleted]
Lmao
Nah man we're so retarded that hedgefunds hate us
[deleted]
Only 250 upvotes for this absolute gem?!
Look at my post history. Holding $10k in AAPL call leaps.
COILING ALKSJDFLKAJSLEKD
Wtf is planitar 😂😂😂😂😂
1984 was a government dictating what one could hear/see.  You really need to read 1984, cause clearly you missed the entire point of the book.
Get away
Yeah that too lol
SPY
When a stock drops 10% in a day, it gets SSR for the remainder of the day, and the following day.
[deleted]
Maybe should have polished bear before took pictures haha liked it so much when got dont carving it didnt polish yet haha
Pls
Its ok skro, plenty of tards out there livin kick ass lives.
Ooh maybe he just added to his position this Spring
Why, because they're willing to sacrifice their human capital?  This proves its run by an AI
Imagine the party in this sub if PLTR goes to $30+
K
Maybe when he’s 90 the dividends will pay for the alcohol package upgrade
So you are an average drunk
after today arkk seems a no brainer
Why? Link?
Sorry I didn’t mean to judge, your boyfriend’s boyfriend will take your shares.
Heaven's Gate is a bunch of nerds that believed aliens were going to abduct them and bring them all to heaven. They started giving each other castrations for having nocturnal emissions and all wore nike decades cause they got a good bulk deal on them
Just go sleep
No, section 230 is so that the billboard company is not liable for what's posted on it.
What are you majoring in
You realize that repealing Section 230 of the Communications Act would basically destroy the internet as we know it, right? No more Reddit.

No more porn.
> I don’t think that’s a wise amount

guarantee they didn't make that money thinking like that
Ban. Just ban.
Honestly bro nio gonna be at 100 end of 2021
[deleted]
Boomers r funny
Cooling batteries. That’s something not trivial Tim Apple will have to figure out. Haha.
Sooo this is a pump and dump right??
I swear he’s owned GME shares for years
The egg has finally cracked
Sweet. Hopefully I can still get a nice contract come market open tomorrow, hella new to options, mind if I follow you and ask you questions about it tomorrow?
EOD
That mf got those GTA V rims
lol
If it is Ginkgo I think I would actually cream myself pants twice. I did my own personal DD on that company a year or two ago and it’s amazing.
I seriously do not understand how anyone would pass on this stock
[deleted]
Ready for my NIO ICLN and steel plays to hit this spring so I can have some money to lose in Vegas during grad school
Tomorrow
Bitch not in two days. I have some June 2021 calls and 2023 calls doe that are gonna print 🤑🤑🤑
Why lol?
Turn this into something about Melvin and GME and you’ll get another million awards and likes
[deleted]
So you gonna bring your best dress when he invites you?
[deleted]
I’ve been desensitized so quickly seeing +2000 or -2000 3 weeks ago I would have been freaking the fuck out, -140000 today is meh, it’s fucked up, I’m fucked up.
[deleted]
What’s with all these would you *insert gay sexual act here* questions?
Already loaded with $SNOW puts since last Thursday and this Monday, was expecting it to collapse cuz the S-1 filing says Dec. 31. Greedy Slootman extends it to Jan. 7 really mess up my plan. 

$SNOW a 2020 Dutch tulip bubble (pun intended)
No shit “retard”, and I’m saying fuck you and letting the votes prove you wrong. Dumbass
[deleted]
Stfu
Some quick googling found:

"Walmart stands to sell as much as $1.1 billion worth of new consoles by the end of January, according to Wedbush. It dominates the U.S. market along with GameStop GME.N, each with a roughly 30% share, while sales of consoles at Target and Best Buy comprise about 15% apiece, the research firm said."

It looks like GME had 30% of the pre-PS5 console market, and people may have stretched the assumption that this will be all future consoles sold (perhaps inaccurate, but suggests significant share at least)
Mitch fucking blocked it and tied it to the poison pill of killing the internet you dumb fuck
How is that different than ANY other company???

You own shares in the company, not buying all of PlayStation Inc.
The one with his name on it
Mitch the type of guy to write, produce and direct WW84
Rolling that stimulus vote can down the hill of postponement.
Study hard bud you can do it
Loading up on more GOEV. Possibly more HL if it drops into the 5's. Not counting on it though.
Actual facts
From my understanding section 230 wants people to have to the ability to sue the billboard company
No stimulus to either of my accounts tonight.  It's my money, AND I WANT IT NOW.
What an ugly photo. This guys a goblin
The bear looks like melted 7-up cans
[“I’m headed to stocktwits to find a smarter class of traders”](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/klyw9y/what_are_your_moves_tomorrow_december_29_2020/ghcknin/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf&context=3)

Let’s all go over to stocktwits and report this retard
You’re tickling my balls keep going
It doesn't surprise me that people lose money because they don't know wtf they're doing, so this is a nice change of pace.
Do it on MSFT or AAPL
Why cool them? Let them heat him and become a rocket.
>margins 

Lol
I’m a straight up half functioning drunk
Doesn’t effect market dum dum.  Keep buying puts though, you will be insolvent and won’t be coming here soon.  Have a good life!
Have you never listened to Tupac before, or is this bad satire
Is it acceptable to buy ATT stock because they have hbomax who has studio ghibli movies? I think that's how it's done right?
Is this man mental challenged or no?
Yeah...but...he won't.  And he knows that.
[deleted]
One of the dumbest opinions to ever be written.
yeah, I'm not saying they were bad. They were exeptional for those early guys.
oh no way too early 😈 irs gone collect
[deleted]
Because handouts are socialist, and republicans hate socialism 

The sweet irony is the poor blue collar workers who need it most will keep voting for the republicans to “stick it to the libs”
Ehhh it’s a wholesome goal, good for him
Bro I fucking loved tiktok until my page just filled with random shit
$MRNA ALL IN!!! 🚀🚀
20204 is pretty far out.
Where do people go now?
Would be just as repetitive tho
[deleted]
> bull call spread

lol
Theyre playing for nothing... and still won
I see this sht coming out qnd trading sideways for a week, fcking all our puts and calls😅🤣 robinhood knows we hate them due to our major losses.
What's it about? Rather discuss here than google it.
He would be banned and blocked on every platform the second it got repealed. He would be too big of a risk to any company. Trump is such an idiot.
Major?
Will arkg fly again?
If you bought shares... why would you sell? Wait for a gain or break even, or more importantly: hold for a year and harvest the loss(es)

WSB: Classic "I'm not rich in a few days I'm selling" pathos
[deleted]
i did yesterday 


you know, you just can't time the market
Mitch the type of guy to bum your last cigarette, take one drag and then put it out
I trust only 2 women. It's Ms. Cathie and Dr. Su 🙏🚀
The shocker of today tbh was that SKLZ didn’t completely shit the bed after open this time around
Pleas pay me
PLEAS*
Back off, that's my turf
[deleted]
Crocs, definitely. More comfortable when waiting in line at a gamestop to re-up Power Up rewards membership and get xbox live points
How long before Mitch gets put into the korn remix of that music video?
SNE too
Yes. Yours truly included
Whats the next move
Oh man race is over for you bud
Mitch fucking blocked it retard.
[deleted]
I’m just fuckin with you man. Good luck tomorrow.
Fiscal policy means it'll be 19 dollars in future spending power
Remember when the US government would break up companies that gained over 60% of market share or bring in foreign competition to make sure consumers had multiple viable options? 

That said, yes I use alt tech, but I do miss the era of censorship and shadow banning not being a thing. It does seem like 230 created monopolies that got everyone onboard and then said companies changed their views on censorship. That's the sticking point for me. These companies have had no challenge since Facebook beat out myspace. Monopolies are supposed to be broken up or regulated IMO.
So basically sell covered calls on your shares and use the cash to buy FDs?
I can't halp u. Sorry!
The WSB etf will only consist of yoloing the entire fund into one stock or the associated options for not more than 6 months
[deleted]
Let me know what you're buying so I can buy some puts.
No puppet, no puppet. YOU'RE THE PUPPET
[deleted]
Rule 1 of wheel: DON'T BUY WHAT YOU DONT WANT TO BAGHOLD

also rule 1 of biotech: don't bet on approvals
Don’t worry i’m fine, having a wife is a bad investment.
It will be.

I'll make sure it fucking will.
confessions of a retard
75% of WSB was probably looking for the 12/31 40C today. YOLO
Fuck you why you so salty, bitch.
Some dude on one of those bs Facebook stock trading groups posted that he had invested “a cruise worth” of money into CCL stock and hopes BY THE YEAR 2024 to take a cruise on his profits.


Are ya fucking kidding me?
So do you have evidence to back up that claim? Again, that’s my only question.
For fucked for sure
And?
[deleted]
Putting it all on ICLN
Means you made some money. Grats
Have you tried getting drunk?
Just use qTrade you mutt
Nice
Someone said he looks like the crypt keeper and now that's all I can think about when I see him.
$SLV gang we hittin $30 EOY?
Pay me what you owe me
Well yes, but actually no.
I'm going to post new in WSB in just a moment
I'm trying to be "Not unemployed."
One of cathie woods interviews said their best disrupting companies are often “controversial and volatile”, seems like this is fitting the bill already
This is obnoxious. Ban.
Mitch the kinda guy to give his grandkids 20 dollar savings bonds for Christmas and say “enjoy you little whippersnappers”
Hahaha true
[deleted]
She has bought $TAK every day for over two weeks, now it is in her top 20 holdings on ARKG. There has been ZERO news. LEAPS are dirt cheap here. She knows something we don't. Long jan 2021 $20C, although my 103 grandmother moves faster than this stock.

CATHY FOR PRESIDENT 2024
Video played, turned up the volume, didn't expect that high pitched voice.
It hurts
poor lad
It's always been that way. Before quantitative easing the US dollar was looking at 3% or so inflation per year. If you only save in cash you are already loosing. Interest rates in savings accounts aren't near enough to make up for inflation.
Yeah we’re gonna let the up/down votes decide on this one bud
GPA is irl IV crush. F.
He asks the BOH to buy a round for him
[removed]
I told my friend to give me a number between 0-100 and he said 7. That’s how I chose to live bet on Pelicans vs Suns to end with either and odd or even score.
[removed]
Nope. There’s a referral promotion where you receive 3 free stocks per referral instead of just one.
I'm bullish without a single short position.

But small pull backs are good, better than vertical rally and flash crash. Just buy the dips when it bottoms out.
That's a retarded take. If you qualify, you're poor so you need to gamble to get out of wage slavery faster.
Maybe market hours are manipulated and futures are the real deal 🤔. What’s the difference?
One is a lesbian and the other isn't.  So unless it was their brother, that would be odd.
Sir, this is a circus.
 Not sure if stupid or just illiterate? Those multiple strains didn’t infect anybody. There’s actually people who are infected from it.
Upvoted I hope you feel better
Count rocket ships and buy the ticker that gets the most.
Been in the red for so long, might have to just take your advice on this one.
[deleted]
It'd be 50% PLTR, 25% GME, 10% MT, 10% NIO/LI/XPENG, and 5% PTON.
'Ssup fam
[deleted]
Karp sold a bunch at $22, that's the next support point
So my Apple calls for fucked?
Slug sperm.
0% chance Truett Cathy’s company would go public anytime soon
Definitely is lol. That’s like the last thing I talked in there about.
I want to believe but I also know they’ve been cutting staff in areas critical to true turnaround.  Is this Ron Johnson JCPenney 2.0?
The holdings are updated daily. It was that % when I posted that first comment.
probably not too late to get back in and ride til NIO day
We’re truly fucked man
Palantir sale inc!! Hope it fucking tanks so I can get more under $20 haha.. doubt it'll drop that hard though
Meh.  We’ll see.  I don’t hold a position in GME, so I dont really have a dog in the fight.  I was just stating how I used to be a frequent customer, and now it’s been YEARS since I’ve stepped foot inside one.
M6 grand coupe
[deleted]
I say this frequently when discussing PLTR: Think Devs. That's what they do
Barrons: ARK Founder Cathie Wood will retain control of the firm. Why it matters to investors.

Umm...does one even have to read that article to understand why? She is the whole firm. Without her, ARK is pointless.
I have puts on tickers that are overdue for a correction based on the technicals indicating they are overbought. Fuck me right?
[deleted]
Mitch McNuggets no tendies
$400K is ambitious. You're probably in an expensive city like SF or NY. I'm based near SF. Wage slavery is real. Even 250K salary with a $10k mortgage, after tax.. you cant afford shit, and when you go on vacation you're still stressed thinking about work.    I'm getting the fuck out of here and moving to Florida where the weather is great, and pay off a house, and get a small yacht & enjoy life. Even with $50k profit from trading, I can still have 10x better life style than here in Silicon Valley.
Lol for real. This was my moment. Today. It hit me.
[deleted]
Welcome to McDonald's my i have you order?
You belong here
Plenty of people made fuckin bank off those, you just played it wrong
Nope your right on time lol. It’s at 26.11 which hilariously is actually under my purchase price
Just chill bro. School is fake
It’s 11pm here in Houston and Mitch is still a Bitch.
Fuck.  You're right.  Son of a bitch.
It is but CO banned any travel to & from there
mitch is the kinda guy that ices his own kicker
So ATVI is at all time highs.
We said that today 😭
You dropped $245k on a car? Isn’t ur portfolio only 2 mill? Unless u have other assets I don’t think that’s a wise amount of money to just spend all at once.. but u do u...
Ooh gotcha. Hasn’t he been holding since May?
Thx ! Me too!
That's like more than 50% of this sub.
so enter less terrible positions?
It's like playing Russian Roulette with all the chambers loaded with blanks

Yeah they're blanks, but it's still a fucking handgun
Heaven's Gate doc on HBO rules. I can see this happening to WSB
😂
He’s from Kentucky. He probably whips around in a corvette while all the other senators ride around in fully loaded range rovers.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Big gay
Is this shit fr gon go up tho
[deleted]
I really hole you’re right
[deleted]
Please do not taint my breakfast
I agree with that assessment in mid range time frame say within the next 3-4 months but were talking about LEAPS
lol, not Subway nor Bumble because these two don’t look good next to 🚀
Never worked for GameStop. Ask one of them
Yeah I could tell by your mega try - hard username
I was perma banned, wasn’t perma. I do suggest reading into section 230 though. Don’t know if that’s what it had to do with, but my suspicions are it is.
Mitch betta have my money
Nice try Melvin
oh bummer

It'll be below 12 then
How is Paysafe just shy of SQ’s revenue? Lmfao, are you this retarded?
They will not bring chick fil a public, silly speculation.
What time did you buy it? I can take a look at my chart to see what happened.
Idk I just need his help. I feel like he’s unloading GME
That’s over today (Dec 29th).
Type HK.9988 in yahoo finance. That’s the ticker in Hong Kong
Why?
Why do you want to wake up and wish for bad news all day?
You mean the strain that was already said the vaccine would cover?
He makes it his goal to ensure nothing happens and Kentucky keeps re-electing him so...
you sob im in
Yep. I had friends panic message me today... when shorts can make big pushes and this is their result, its like eh

Now 16 to 10.5, that hurt. But today was a blip. We can't really fight the wave, just hold strong and watch our accounts double repeatedly over time
What technology does Tesla use to cool down its batteries? I’m bullish on KULR because they create tech that stops battery cells from dying and overheating but not sure if that’s easy to be replicated by other companies. Also it has a market cap have 23,000. What does that even mean?
The lines are converging (i.e. getting smaller down to a point). The larger number (or value) is on the left and the smaller number (or value) is on the right where they symbol has gotten smaller.
[deleted]
So serious question. This short squeeze is a sure thing, or we gonna make a bunch of bag holders like the pltr calls followed by citron short position news?
I TOLD YOU!!! IM A PEOPLE PERSON!!!
Only you baby
**Mitch type dude that leaves the bar when it’s his turn to buy a round.**
Do you sell OTM covered call weeklies? I'd imagine you'd make a lot with that balance
Eh, the betting markets don’t agree with this whatsoever .  The republicans are still likely to win GA per Vegas oddsmakers.  Until you see significant movement in the betting lines, a blue sweep of those two seats is not the most likely outcome .
Weedmaps has an issue with the fed. It’s still illegal federally and poses a threat. 

It COULD payoff, but it could also end badly. 

BFT is looking to expand double digits for the foreseeable future without any regulatory oversight issues to worry about.
We have to pray. Today was the 3rd or 4th backrest of $90 and it tried to break higher.

Still, it was not acting very strongly but AMD is weird with price action. It slumps, and limps around, it breaks below the 8 day EMA, then randomly it goes 3-5% in a day on some random catalyst and I think the next one is going to be Zen3 mobile chips then earnings. But over a month to earnings....
Just add it to the history records with the others, Corn, purple mattresses, hydrogen trucks that run on gravity
When I buy weeklies I bring my own torch
[deleted]
Priced in already
Rotation from boomer stocks back into meme stocks tomorrow?
The only thing thats certain is ARKG will not have another -6% day tomorrow.  Therefore if you bought calls you made money.  After you sell and find another option to play it is not certain.
I thought you were referring to the clip when young Elon in his PayPal days crashed his new mclaren trying to show off to his first wife.
Always hold a call on Tesla. Always.
[removed]
You mad?
Fuck you
Got news for you.....
[deleted]
make it a meme, we’ll buy it lmao.
vaccine should be effective against it
1 to 2 days, sometimes same day. I understand the mixed emotion feeling and used to be there. I have been working on my strategy for months with SPY. I use TradingView for indicators and use the Vix Fear, TTR, Stoch_MTM, chaikin(obv+adl), Chop and Explode on a 16 length, and the WTWS indicators. Plus sometimes the HMA-Kahlman Trend and OBV Div - Lib one too. Really studying these with SPY movements have helped a ton with scalping and confidence.
[deleted]
Everyone knows you're not supposed to try
Hack or glitch
Lol, multiple strains were priced in back in March.
[deleted]
you don't because you failed(or achieved depending) on your ability to insert a dad joke in there to break their concentration and have them simultaneously turn on you "for a moment" and band together to tell you how dumb your joke was. You didn't defuse the situation but managed to aggravate it. 

That's a advanced strategy and I feel like since you have 2 daughters you just got caught up in the moment and forgot to implement it. I feel like this is a moment you can highlight where you were caught off guard and "managed" your way out and that could be a useful skill to represent. Best wishes from someone that wouldn't mind daughters as twins to start but twins don't run in either of me or my wife's family history. I guess best of luck is the more appropriate terminology.
Bout to lose your money, please cash out, there will not be enough volume before 1/15. Its tax loss harvesting season. I hate seeing this, but I also enjoy it because I know you will most likely ignore me and lose it anyway. Godspeed
Netflix should be Nvidia by now honestly
Cheers bud
Excuse me I'm a dude in my pajamas WITH a finance degree
GME gang rise up 🚀🚀🚀
**I am a bot and identified and tracked the following options picks within this post:**

|**Ticker**|**Strike**|**Type**|**Exp**|**Recorded Premium**|**Recorded Stock Price**|**OI**|**Volume**|
|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|
|**PINS**|**$85**|**BUY CALL**|**2021-01-15**|**$0.26**|**$68.29**|**4525**|**195**

[Realtime ROI](https://www.pickmojo.com/pick/ckjayagfk4wz907943oqtws5p) | [Track Record](https://www.pickmojo.com/user/notbrokemexican/) | [Bot Info](https://www.reddit.com/r/pickmojo/comments/he9ghu/options_picks_tracking_bot_information/) | Leaderboard: [Week](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-week-reddit), [Month](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-month-reddit), [All](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/top-reddit) | [Exit this position](https://www.pickmojo.com/reddit_redirect)

**^(*Recorded after market close, will be recorded at the next market open if the premium is within 10% margin. My owner is monitoring these posts, reply with feedback! You can now track comments by mentioning me!)**
