hahahah wtf is this... shes taking real terms and mixing them up in a cocktail of nonsense right? or am i just losing it
[deleted]
I don’t see the relevance of the Jimmy Fallon clip which leads me to believe you just like watching it. That’s weird man.
[removed]
feel like the guy is more at risk. If she got cold sores, boom, herpes
Dope!!! Well nice chatting in the comments with a fellow retard. Go bills fuck Kansas city
[deleted]
Always use a condom and a dental dam when having oral intercourse.
[deleted]
It's a long con, that's where the fun is
Ty for ur service
Yeah but we are financially reckless on purpose.
why
ARK
Bank loan
I’ll check it out
🥰🥰🥰
Hoping 🤫
Love the merger but the warrants are crazy expensive
This sounds like an offer I can't refuse!
It’s a bargain but probably will take a few years for payoff.
circuit breaker january 4
That 30% rise came before MT became memed on this sub. It's traded sideways thus far.
iBone
[deleted]
Who worries about stds? This isn't the 80s bro.
💥🧠💦
TLT
Good on you, proceed as you will
Profit taking this week or what

Edit: loss cutting
Right. Apparently not a single person in that sub is familiar with margin.
When is Onlyfans gonna IPO
I was shilling MVIS hard yesterday in here. gonna do it one more time for the people who didn't see. Preparations for moon mission start on Monday. Visit r/MVIS to see the DD and decide if this mission is right for you.
So it'll probably get pumped early on and then people will start taking profits?

&#x200B;

My worries are that I'll end up catching it too late and it won't go back down to that for the rest of the week. 

&#x200B;

There's also the possibility of it tanking right?
[removed]
I make a ton of money but only because my dog ate my homework
I know exactly what you mean, it should be double or quadruple.
I hope you sold as Implied Volatility should've crushed after binary events such as earnings or SP500 inclusion.
Margin call
Long dated AY calls. Or TRMB.
Hell yeah, another play... 

(checks price)

Up 40% in the last month? nvm
So when I say that it won’t be stripe and it angers you to the point of belligerence, it’s because you care about me? 

So when you call me an illiterate loser for being able to read a CEO’s tweet and not going to great lengths to interpret it so that it makes me feel good about my stock purchase, it’s because you just want what’s best for me?
 
When you call me a smooth brain for coming to the most logical conclusion, it’s because you genuinely care about this community?

Nah
Retard
[removed]
It’s called the holocaust museum
[deleted]
Nah I still love sports plus it’s the only way to gamble like a retard on the weekends
Vale had a flood at a mine that killed 200 people and they're still rising. Even if MT pays out a few million in fines, it's absolutely nothing
Imagine being here and thinking other people are being financially reckless
Dude got a Santa Transmitted Disease
Appletimmy
Eh one step at a time. I’ve cut out most fast food and just cook at home. If I’m in the mood for Mickey D? I make my own burgers. Thai food? Easy to make with veggies and meat. Next up juicing (using a cold press juicer, not one with blades)

God speed. Hope your grandma gets better :)
Do people get STDs from just a blow job? Seems like a guy wouldn’t get one
Mainly because dudes don’t call each other males
I still have my employee shares and am waiting
[https://theculturetrip.com/north-america/usa/california/articles/welcome-to-the-antique-vibrator-museum-san-franciscos-sex-toy-attraction/](https://theculturetrip.com/north-america/usa/california/articles/welcome-to-the-antique-vibrator-museum-san-franciscos-sex-toy-attraction/)
Yeah the loan is dumb but the comments are pure cringe. They don’t even know why they’re arguing against it they’ve just been raised to be pussies naturally.
[deleted]
Nah it wasn't.  I do stuff like this to build discipline.
I need help with 25K what is a sure shot?
Fellas, i know we all about YOLOs plays but do anybody buy funds or some even? Thinking of putting in $100 or so a month into a hidden fund in the new year. 

Like im deadass 80% of my savings in yolos right now and 20% cash.
If a hot dog is meat in a sleeve of intestines, when you eat a hot dog, you become a hot dog.
Tech worker here. Started trading more intentionally about 3 months ago and studied hard to develop a strategy (still in progress) that focused on “technical analysis”. Still have a shit ton to learn but I’m playing mostly SPACs and warrants and currently have an overall +40% P/L
Yes based on IV buying would've been an absolutely terrible idea.
In valhalla
Nah been there bro just take a pill it goes away
Dafuq??  How did you think I was in here (intentionally or not) looking for actual life advice?  FFS, my kids get fed and we've had to "redonate" food this year because some fucktards got the idea we were destitute.   Seriously, I bitch about being broke online (not locally), and I'm not complaining, but we've had boxes food just show up on our step.  I'm rambling because I'm drunk, but shit this year has been weird.  Stop giving me food, give me a fucking job!
Stonks always go up!
Bullish!!!
She wasn’t a porn star before this and all of us deserve this punishment for expecting it to be any good
Idk why you are getting downvoted so much lol
After seeing that absolute chad using a flamethrower to remove snow from his driveway these flamethrowers are all I can think about. Went over to /r/flamethrowers and I want to buy one now.
Good read, thanks for taking the time to write. I'm actually very interested in protecting all the sweet tendies I can from the greedy paws of uncle Sam... currently only have a 401k through Fidelity and ESPP which I sell off some shares from to diversify and take on a little more risk. Also have a RH account which was kicking ass until the last few weeks, now I'm up maybe a fraction of a percent since opening it in June.
Haha I'm gonna comment us


Us
Yours checks out too
I obviously sold the day of inclusion as everyone knows IV would crush afterwards.
$CROOK
The top is in when everyone starts buying into Cramer.
😂😂😂💪🏾💪🏾💪🏾
Maybe some people get the dehydration worse than others
What? I'm retarded.
[removed]
Don’t do it if it was ever an issue for you shit sucks
Your ex-wife's Onlyfans.
[removed]
I literally loled. Thanks for that
Hadn’t thought about that option, going to look into those Monday!
[deleted]
Anyone know if Shitron happened to have a large Bearish position on GME? I think we could rally the gang gang to buy at least another 5% of shares up to put Shitron where they belong, out of business. I'd sell my X5 and put it all on GME if I knew shitron would lose tens of millions. I lost a few grand when they fucked Palantir.
does a wsb museum exist ?
How does one know if tsla will be folded in or liquidated making tsla holdings useless
u/OptionsAndTren, your status is being challenged again!
That would make TSLA a prime retard stock 😂
Well, *now* I want to report you just to add on...
oof
iGasm
Is that ECG while losing?
Damn that is a clever username tho
I don't understand **16/7** $12 put contract.
[deleted]
Lots of variables for that question. Silver or gold? Size of ring, amount of gold in ring, diamonds or no, accents or no, etc. Tough for a good answer. Would be 10x cheaper to find a previous ring, pop the center stone out, have the opal cut and remount with the opal. 
If you’re talking actual inlay, sounds like a custom job, and those get pricey pretty quick.
That is exactly what that means...
Nah, I’ve always thought this but the market either says “priced in” or 🚀🚀🚀
I never cared about sports
The circle of life
iPleasure?
Interesting. Every time I read some shit like that it makes me feel like garbage for having such a shitty diet lol. No way we’re usually getting the nutrients that would be recommended
Guys, PLTR is going to move. It’s just a matter of time. The only question is how much time? One can have an idea or maybe even guess at it, but nobody ever knows. Best thing to do, but more time than you think. Prepare for the worse, hope for the best. I own the 27c 1/15/21. My only regret is not buying more time. I think it’s going to $54. It’s starting to squeeze all it has left in to a “penant” formation (continuation) and it doesn’t have much more room to move. My guess? It’s going to start rallying shortly.
welcome
Is Autistria near Switzerland?
Oh thanks for the heads. I definitely thought she was going to marry me for this haha.
Muscle cramps from dehydration, dehydration from taking a diuretic.
It was a joke. 2020 sucked in every way for us but financially. We’re up 200% YTD.
Facts I would just stay inside
To be impossible to create simple threads like slack can
Lmao.  I might do another year.. unsure.  I'm going to think about it this week and next week probably.  I'm a lot sharper and a lot more in shape.
‘’or the circumstances around the recent squeeze’’
There was no squeeze - wsb just tightened buttcheeks
[deleted]
is now the time to be shorting real weekend futures?  52% of clients can't be wrong.
Obviously this strategy made you rich as well. I can't believe nobody uses it.
Lol. See ya after a year of bagholding this shit for devidends barely covering your margin premium, as shares price slowly going to zero, because this company’s management is a shit show.
I hate to say it but look at where ackman has made the vast majority of his wealth, it all goes back to food industry he did burger king as a spac and profited a lot. I think and hope it’s in and out or Waffle House don’t know if Waffle House is on his list but if I could buy into that company I would.
Bullish.
Gaped up

Edit: spelling
[deleted]
And thats how they get ya
No bro imagine it in raw gun metal 🤤🤤🤤🤤🤤🤤
The debt doesnt really have to be repaid. In fact it never will. It's already too big to repay.
Season 5: am i a joke to you? loooool
Nice. Yes I feel when your a high earner you should try your best to max out your tax advantaged accounts. Will be editing my other comment of financial numbers as well.
Did he gift her a cream pie ?
[deleted]
[deleted]
If the new strain gave you a rash on your dick you best believe everybody would wear masks
Interesting perspective. Heard and considered.
happy birthday!
Is this real cuz I want it to be
It's still not oversold on weekly RSI.  We bounce back to 230-235 and then hit 200 sometime in Jan-Feb.
Doesn't mean I didn't do crank with the women I met on pof..
Mostly 3x inverse funds
Lol. I’m sure. I hate RobinHood. Ha
[deleted]
Spac?
They already found me.  I don't know how, but they found me.
[deleted]
Referring CEBR economy forecast china's gonna be world's largest national economy by 2028 so buy the fucking dip baba, tencent, Byd maybe Huawei but it depends if buyden can repower us economy
Sometimes.  They try to hide it, but it seems to go back and forth.  I wouldn’t count on it being hidden.  You know you can always add another different email address to your existing PayPal....unless they is only with biz accounts.
Discord app is so ugly
skipped right pass giraffe's ass and a camel's snach
Good luck getting a bunch of retards to coordinate.
I don't really think China cares that much about Australian food, which is a significantly smaller industry by comparison. China is literally building bridges and roads, which probably a better foreign policy than just bombing every country.
Can I really get a gaming chair there?
[deleted]
[removed]
That’s a very good suggestion. Thanks!
Do you have a trading strategy that you could summarize for us? Give us the timeline of one of your most successful or memorable trades.
Username checks out
r/khazar_milkers
How easy is it to get a job at Spotify?
TSLA had to work on Xmas. Pos company tbh
[removed]
Sir, this is a casino you owe taxes to *your* government, then piss off and go pay them.
Honestly no idea where in buffalo. he moved away overseas where we went to school together from 4th grade to end of high school
Banned and sober. Shit.
As someone who invested all my wife's boyfriends money in $T calls, I'm scared for Monday. He's going to beat my ass.
semis are good for the world and the trucking industry... but i want bad boys on the street. like a Tesla model V or something. Something no one can imagine. Super luxurious. But elon gives affordable cars over expensive ones so the next one might just be european hatchback models.
Haha. Yes indeed. That whale purchase drove the stock up 5.1% in 4 and a half minutes...
Define "drunk."  I'm sure I fit the definition because I asked that, but ya know.  Ah fuck.  Yep.  Just yep.  I'm fucking Duuuuuuhhhhhh   RRRRuuuuunnnnnkkkkkk...
You can make money buying when IV spike. But you need to exit on the same day or fast when you hold FD. Else theta and IV crush will eff you
Plot twist - it was the Queen during a naked bat banquet with Boris and some peasants
The tard wept, for there was no more money to lose
I don’t think anyone will look for you, except IRS
I drank tons of water but just pissed it out immediately.

As soon as I stopped taking nuvigil (was daily), I never threw my back out again or had any sort of back pain or anything

I thought I was just getting old I didn’t even attribute it to nuvigil until it became obvious when I quit
[deleted]
I'm sure Robinhood will launch an IRA offering soon enough!
To annoy you with notifications.
Who tf is bob welsch
Cinque Famiglie
Sober 2020.. maybe I'll join you in a week.
Calling u/Zjz
This. I can relate.
I sell gay sex and gay sex accessories
ETF sounds boomer asf.. is this you Cramer?
ahahahah. Im rooting for you guys but am also here if shit hits the fan.
Just bang them tbh, they're superb at sex but not the most loyal
ahahahah. Im rooting for you guys but am also here if shit hits the fan.
Are people allergic to tendies?
> ent down the rabbit hole learning about SPACs, how they have a floor it can't really go under, and how they work. Realized how f

Any resources you can recommend? Why wouldn't everyone do this? Can I invest in SPACs in my Roth IRA?
Sounds like rice and beans could be a good step. Hit up /r/collapse and /r/preppers to help get a deeper sense of what's happening and what others are doing to survive it all (/preppers is the better sub but /collapse has more activity). You'll definitely find you're not the only person around using it as a form of therapy
Sounds nice man!
iPhone
[deleted]
[removed]
The problem is that those assholes have the software and access to the data to make the best play... so they will know our retarded behavior, retail's behavior, boomers' behavior, and the MMs and big boys' calculated behaviors, and have models prepared to tell them when to sell and when to buy back to be able to maximize both short and long-term gains. We can't begin to guess what they already know...

TL;DR: PLTR 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🌜
What is the point of Discord?
N P A train 🚂🚂
Just buy SPY 0DTE puts when it starts crashing
Great fucking time to own shares if that happens..
[removed]
The most monitored sub. *blushes*
Bottom is in
This is the way.
https://nymag.com/news/intelligencer/modafinil-2013-4/
say sike now
STFU Melvin Capital, this shit is going to the fucking MOON 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Quit projecting.
there was 5-6m volume last wednesday, right before xmas. avg daily is only 1.8m, while vol was way down before due to zero news for the last weeks. pushing the price from 25 to 26.40ish, somebody big just loaded up... time to board the 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Yeah, but did you have to let him in?
She really had no idea what she signed up for
[deleted]
[removed]
I own 11,400 shares. 🚀
[deleted]
Like takin candy from the WSB baby 🤑🤑
13 months ago on the cyber fam..
Sounds like you need to drink more water. I've been on modafinil for years now without those problems.
[deleted]
What area? And are you from Buffalo too or did you move there? Or did he move away? Because you were in 4th grade together so someone moved.
I also reckon with the long weekend and people discussing stocks with boomers over Christmas that people will be itching to invest on Monday. Additionally MM will be pushing back hard considering it's the end of the year and their bonuses  probably rely on it. So just expect a lot of movement!
Tuned in 👁
me no comprehend
I can confirm santa exists. I saw him fkin my girlfriend just an hour ago. He left me a gift so I’m not even mad
Where can I bet against them???
he's retarded
1.7 million times 2 inches

how many miles is that?
I want to, but I really want to buy puts too 😥
[deleted]
[deleted]
Because EV isn't about technology or cars, it's about hype. Ford doesn't have hype. GM has been able to get a little hype.
[deleted]
Well, but that's for Fiats.
I think it’s probably that you’re getting older and the magic is wearing off on Christmas. They say it comes back when you have kids and get to give them gifts and see how excited they are. Your body is probably getting more of a dopamine reaction or whatever the happy chemical is from investing over getting gifts.
So I should buy an AR, or stock up on beans?  I'm confused.  I have several firearms, but very little rice.  Calls on GME? Or PLTR?
I don’t either. I have a 3 and I see no reason to get a Y but I have seen people post about trading their 3s in for one.

I can’t wait to see the semis on the road though.
They should join this sub so they can really learn how to lose money.
Very true. I think the ones who actually manufacture products are different than the social media ones. With their R&D budgets they probably have limitless opportunity.
[removed]
[removed]
Your welcome dude! I'm glad it was helpful
I just need this piece of shit to go up so I can get out of my position and never touch this garbage company again. Fuck Amazon and fuck Jeff Bezos especially
What is that and can I shoot it in my jugular ?
What’s the opposite of using debit cards, mutual funds, and home ownership?

Using credit cards, investing in S&P/individual stocks, and renting.

Yes people do make money in the latter category too.
cybertrucks would look sht in color... it should be that paintless aluminium... raw so every version is unique.
i mean you can make money in the market and enjoy sports at the same time
Leaked fuckin email!! Hell yeah! 500K deliveries likely.

TSLA to the 🌝 

https://mobile.twitter.com/sawyermerritt/status/1342915892498325509
yeah he is and his family
No because everyone in the replies is calling this guy retarded, meaning people aren’t even talking about taking out loans. They’re shunning people who even think about it
[deleted]
No, that’s not the case. McDonald’s had a bigger  market share before competition came.it’s mathematically impossible for market share to increase with more competition, same can be said with every company in the world. Competition is good for the progress of technology, bad for business. That’s why companies buy the competition, Facebook for example, Microsoft, google, apple, even Tesla. Unfortunately Tesla or any other company in the world can’t afford apple.
Longtime value investor, with IRAs since 2010. Made a little money in that long bull run, but TBH not nearly as much as I should have (combo: scared money + wife who is terrified of losing even *$1*in the markets).

Finally put real money in late in 2019 and started seeing good gains, then COVID crash. Scared out of most positions, dropped $80K. Then found WSB and FinTwit.

Even at 70% cash since May, gains have been returning. Learned I can't day trade, but can swing pretty well in a bull market. Turned tanker gang losses into small profits, have $9K in free GOGO shares, got into SPACS 2 months ago, and really dropping cash in now. Finally back over ATH this week, now still at 50% cash. Even scared money has a chance in this market.
Ruff Ryders anthem lol
[removed]
Imagine trading Jake Pauls 100 million on FD’s
XD yeah Santa was a little late. SEC show no love.
Super cheap s q q q calls if you’re worried about it
Only when he comes in off the bench though
[deleted]
https://www.investopedia.com/terms/s/sinewave.asp
wait what
That’s the one. Thank you bro ❤️
[removed]
Beyond the moon, to Mars.
I didn’t visit my family this year so this Holiday has been like any other day but worse. I can’t wait for the market to open again
Alex Grace
Baggers bro
[deleted]
[removed]
[removed]
[deleted]
I haven’t given shit about sports since I cared about making money, period. Nothing to do with the market
[removed]
Agree to disagree but I would’ve rather them have to score a TD instead of getting one lucky pass and have a shot at a FG
This feels more likely
wait a year i guess now...
Protip:

Nuvigil seems cool but long term use will leave you wild dehydrated and will fuck your muscles up, particularly your back.
That’s cool. Most self directed IRAs are very strict in certain investments. I know Morgan, GS, Wells do not allow it. But that’s good! Things are changing
??????? Yes even with regulation technology will continue to disrupt and deep throat people
Zero
Worst case is antitrust gets slapped on tech after Dems get control of the senate and then Google, FB, etc. get broken up

Calls until then
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
Mathematically, no...

But that GME king could probably do it all by himself.
ugh bummer... i don't like Ys... just not a big fan. it doesnt have individuality.
Maybe across a small room
Just like we drew it up 🐬
Me too my girlfriend bought me one. Never thought I’d like it so much
Lol. She'll leave him and he'll tweet that he did it.
Thanks I'm gonna commit and double down in this dip too
Yeah. Prepping helps with this kind of depression. I might be finna throw my life away over an ex but at least these days I don't feel like society at large can just crush me to a pulp and throw me in a landfill without me putting my life on the line willingly. I might still not be able to handle being alone but I don't feel the same dread as when I had no safe secure place to go.
Um....You might have that backwards.  Didn't the pre-nup run out recently?  Or is about to?
I didn’t say crash I said dip
You forgot the rocket emojis! 🚀🚀🚀
Remember Blockbuster?
Niceeee is he from Buffalo?
Anyone else not give a shit about sports ever since they started making money in the market this year? I think also sports being big gay this year helped
Im buying on monday and averaging in if gets lower. This is going to meme.
The FG was the right call. Burn clock to take the lead with 13 seconds left. Who the fuck would’ve seen that ending coming.
Yo wtf are those blue squiggly lines on your ticker chart?
Damn, banned 3 times?! You putting in work.  Sorry for smol pp. maybe you have a great personality.
[removed]
Right before ex-dividend date you buy shares which will qualify you for the next quarterly payout, then come Jan 9th aka tendie day the price jumps about 3% on average because most T investors are enrolled in DRIP aka Dividend Reinvestment Plan so the dividends are reinvested and automatically buy more shares which boosts the volume on the demand side temporarily. This means that you’ll earn about 2% in dividends plus the 3% in price moment for an 5% total. So for example, if you invested $10K and leveraged it 5-1 you can make about $2.5K by around next week. I’m gonna do that but with $100K 🤑🤑🤑
[removed]
Just the boys in blue reading wsb
Bro you guys make my dick hard
yeah and even back then when we were best friends in 4th grade he had a bills jersey he wore to school lol. what a character. great guy.
I’m excited for the drop, want to get in at a better price.
[removed]
Lol nah that was the end of that

She was a bartender so we’d see her around

She was kind of manly tbh, coincidentally  (or not so coincidentally)

I banged her sister one night and threw my back out couldn’t move. Her sister was kind of a crack head tbh so whatever lol.

Nuvigil will fuck your muscles up don’t take it
They have a good pipeline of EV cars with the hybrid fusion and explorers (Hooefully full EVs in 22 aswell) and the forerunner for them right now the mustang E which is coming out in Europe right now and the US in 21, meant to be a model Y rival. 

They have been lagging on other key full EVs though that I predict in 22-23 they will announce an EV bronco (Currently set for Q2/3 21 for gas and diesel) after they see how much it sells like hot cakes. Imo they will climb past $10 in the new year for another 20% or so upside. However on the flip side I have been seeing a lot of option puts for $7 for Jan21 for a potently drawback before the retrace to the $10’s+. Right now at ~$9/ share they’re currently at about a $40b market cap which I think is undervalued if $NIO can be $60b and $ABNB has over $100b market cap, the old dogs have a pulse of hope too.
“All I want for Christmas is a ten bagger” 🎶
Do i start with the weed then move on to mushrooms or do I just blend it all and inject?
Internet koin is a leading signal recently 🤷‍♂️
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/NYCambition21 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
What I mean is actually paying some form of low cost managment fee and getting a firm like ISHARES or advisor shares manage the ETF and cover all of that.
Wsb robinhooders gonna meme baba into cnbc
SPACs

Yeah I worry how long this can continue. Worst possible case would be a long stagnation or very slow rise with no volatility
u/savevideo
Yall think if every member of WSB put their dicks together it would stretch around the world?
Was it really on April 1st?? Bad timing 😂
You should def not give your g-ma iodine until you consult a medical professional
That’s just the nsa
I just got HBO Max because I got it with YouTube TV.
I have 20 billion dollars of NIO calls 2023
Lmfao
YOLO it they said ,buy the dip they said
YourPillow
Retard
Doesn't matter, keep buying calls.
I sell drugs
Hahahhaha
eat the puss
HBO is decent. watching now acutally
2018 lmao
Chances Mango leaves Melania after the 20th?
I like to think that the some low level associates at Melvin are printing this out and sharing it around their office and Gabe Plotkin sees it and gets screaming mad.

Also kinda of funny, they have a 1.7 start rating on google reviews. r/wsb has clearly already gotten to theses reviews.  The best probably being:

 "[**Casper**](https://www.google.com/maps/contrib/112389928784643527339?hl=en-US&sa=X&ved=2ahUKEwjQiu63rO3tAhUKGVkFHUZ-DDwQvvQBegQIARAM)[1 review](https://www.google.com/maps/contrib/112389928784643527339?hl=en-US&sa=X&ved=2ahUKEwjQiu63rO3tAhUKGVkFHUZ-DDwQvvQBegQIARAO)6 days agoGME goes BRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR"

There is another review from someone named "Hydrate". Pretty sad if real:

" [**Hyrdate**](https://www.google.com/maps/contrib/106800848020614371728?hl=en-US&sa=X&ved=2ahUKEwiv0sffrO3tAhXpFVkFHdqpBDYQvvQBegQIARAq) [11 reviews · 1 photo](https://www.google.com/maps/contrib/106800848020614371728?hl=en-US&sa=X&ved=2ahUKEwiv0sffrO3tAhXpFVkFHdqpBDYQvvQBegQIARAs)4 days agowhen my dad saw his life savings disappear due to gme puts, he got a heart attack and died. My dad worked 7 days a week, for 30 years to provide me with the $50,000 that Melvin Capital lost me. "
[deleted]
👍👍👍👍

I don’t disagree on either of those months, just urging some caution on FDs etc
ya... so Elon needs to show us the next concept...
I got my vitamin C info from these guys who also wrote up on iodine:

http://orthomolecular.org/resources/omns/v13n14.shtml
I would bring my hairline down a solid 1.5 inches
You forgot the Model Y.
Sounds like a plan to me!
So did he get dumped or was his gf cool about it
raiders are FoMo
As someone who’s tried clearing snow off a driveway with my trusty brush torch I can tell you that this is fake. That driveway was already shoveled or they have a 300 pound propane tank behind that thing. Flame throwers against snow are the equivalent of a boomer telling a WSB autist to diversify and passively invest in index funds.
99%
[removed]
Tech just has too much money right now. They can buy their way into anything they want. Just wait until NVDA or AAPL get in to clean energy or something else. Their potential, right now, is limitless.
As Sweet Perspective has said, you need to answer the bubble thing. You need to better explain why you view this as a relative risk of a stock. This is the greatest risk reward I have ever seen and that includes the crazy market we are in.
Honestly I would have fit right the fuck in and thrived there.  I'm pretty mad I didn't catch the tail end.. I could have.  - and fuck Robert for saying all that- hope that was a script.
Perfect. Invest after it's gone up like a true retard. You belong here.
Women ew
[deleted]
Model S has been around since 2013 I believe
Lmfao !
What do you think all the business loans were for? The Fed said it'll just keep doing that. Congress tried to legislate that away but last minute they softened the language implying it'll keep going.
[deleted]
[removed]
[removed]
[deleted]
USE LOWERCASE MORE OFTEN
Did they not have some asshole with an RV just try to detonate one of their switching centres?  I wonder whether the price will be affected by recent events
If big daddy Elon doesn’t make a blacked out Texas edition truck and call it the fucking Texla I fucking quit boys.
Ramsey is such a twat
Funny
Yeah I would maybe speak with a nutritionist or naturopath. The recommendations drs sometimes give are trash cause we aren’t getting the nutrients in our food like we used to. 

They say take 250mg of Vitamin C, but I was legit able to get rid of my allergies by taking 20000-30000mg/day during pollen season. 

Do your research but also think outside the lines. I’m sure our grandparents arent eating fresh fruits and organic juices daily.
[deleted]
PLTR, GME, T H C B, TSLA, B F T
“Rules were made to be broken, like buildings, or people”

Name that game!
Oh it was worse.
Then go to Seattle
Khloe Kapri
She's pretty much got it made at this point. She can let him golf his time away in Florida while she's getting railed by secret service agents in NYC. Wait a few more years and boom, cash out.
Tua is arguably worse than some of the guys in a backup position.
Shaved pussy and hairy ass hole. Happy trails especially 5 o’clock shadow happy trail. 
Hairy nipples
Love it! I actually think IV for Apr21 and Jul21 is reasonable all things considered (if we consider GME's HV/IV over the past year)
I just asked Alexa "How do I disappear," and after the obligatory bit about seeking therapy, she continued to explain a shockingly detailed way to go off-grid.  That was unexpected.
Oh, I see. She is making a traditional 401k contribution. Now it makes sense. Good planning.

My wife has a Roth 401k directly as I thought OP might if he is highly compensated. 

I myself do interesting things through a business. I'm pretty paranoid to mention them though. ...may erase/edit this comment...
Go to the gym workout drink lots of water and you’ll move like 2 or 3 points up the attractiveness scale
[deleted]
John McAfee cray AF
SPACs, GME shares, PLTR shares and leaps, EV leaps, 25% cash reserves so we don't miss the next rocket, 5% for the shroom boom and weed stonks, and the rest we yolo on tech
You're wrong
out back behind wendys
[deleted]
electron herder
Bro she is 🍉
Why JOE?
Dave Ramsey was the original Autist
I tend to find both stocks are quite volatile around market open and will probably wait at least an hour before my YOLO !
Yes it will eventually but maybe not for another year
At what odds did you buy that for?
 first gold 🚀 first platinum! 🚀GME GANG RISE UP 🚀MORE SHARES MONDAY COMING 🚀AHH AHH 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀
It’s a rule here idk if you knew that
If you have ever downloaded a video game to a console, you know that there isnt enough room to download them all, nor do most people feel like waiting hours after buying it to play the game.  Perhaps distribution networks will catch up in the coming years so you can store your game in the cloud and pull it when you need it ( stadia ).  Also, gamestop lets you reserve the game months out with $5, so you can essentially put it on layaway and get the copy day one, the second its released.    There is also a limit on how many consoles a retailer can get in stock, so while all the online only retailers are sold out, gamestop has direct distribution to the end users.  They can also act as a service portal ( if positioned right ).  Gamestop also offers exclusive content with new games as another way to get people to buy from them.   Finally, i buy all the games i want to play used, from them, i imagine there are many more people doing it as well since not everyone needs play them day one nor wants to pay full price( which is more of a protest over the $70-80 price for me since they sell millions of copies ).  


Its not all roses, but with a transition to a technology company, you could see things really take off for them.  At a minimum, console season/year is a win for them which means a win for the stock(usually).
so 2 months is how long you've watched them?
NORMIE TRASH RREEEEEEEEE THIS BETTER BE IRONIC
Have this friend. Sick sportsball player in HS. Sort of chad I guess. Kind of a moron

Anyway his gf found FB messages and he was like meeting guys at parks off Craigslist to do gey stuff 😂 . This was like mind blowing unseen. Shocking.

This was maybe five years ago. I’m not even gey and even I know in 2016 you go on grinder not Craigslist 😂 

Fucking small brains, man. Can’t even be secretly gey competently.

He used to always call our other friend a little gey boy too. That guy died revenge laughing when he found out.
0
Feels like it's been ages Tesla came up with a new car... model 3 launched in 2017. Cybertruk was unveiled 2018 or something and wont be production ready until late 2021 or early 2022... Elon gotta show us the next bad boy for 2025.
how does robinhood calculate 1yr returns? is it time weighted?
I am coming baby lets go ! 500 and 1k more on Monday.
0 she loves her life too much for that
Ok boomer
Even with 230 controversy/reform?
BABA ≠ stonk confirmed.
80%
gib exp date
Bro stocks are mooning too hard
its already everywhere. its all over europe its in japan and asia, and in the US. Expect cases to accelerate. More lockdowns maybe. We're back in fear mode, not optimism mode. Might be a pullback.
Ok you win.
Bro can you not think about porn for one minute
Returned a game to GameStop today just to mess up your profits. Though there was some fool in there buying a digital game in person, so to the moon!
its true 😥

what happens when a girl likes you wants to have sex with you and then sees ur small pp and laughs
So check my phone obsessively for the next few weeks?
Lmao
Yolo > lose > kill self > respawn > etf's until you can yolo again > rinse and repeat
Ni Hao! Good to see you. China makes the best mobile networks I agree.
Terrible approach IMO, but you do you.
What are your favorite features about it
Pltr 🚀
Chances Melania leaves mango after the 20th
I hope not. This is the only sub that keeps me alive
Sadly neither my grandparents nor my mom ever gave me that advice. My dad may have been able to as he was doing pretty damn good financially, but he passed away when I was 6 and I don't think we ever discussed stocks or even saving lol 

Dave Ramsey will be my grandma as I learn the ropes.
Ford is pos and they don’t know how to run a football team
Yerp
AY $50
you still have $2374 to yolo
Only way stonks go
if you're married, i believe you and your wife can both set up IRA's and contribute 6k/year, even if you're the one making all the $
Join r/nofap
It's not about selling PLTR!! I love that stock!! It's all about maximising gains. I dont see it breaking 30 before January due to MM driving prices down. My belief would be to take the profits i have currently made from it and use them in the meantime to buy GME shares as i believe it's on the cusp of something big! 

If January 5th comes round and we still havent gone up whatsoever (although I think hype and public opinion is building that even a modest gain will have occurred from demand alone) i'll just sell the shares and reaffirm my position back in PLTR.

The only concern would be if the GME share price dropped somehow but that could only happen from puts as there are very few available shares left to short and if there is and they're exercised, then they just dig the hole down further unless Melvin can survive until their large put call and somehow leverage that. But even then their position is screwed!
[deleted]
5G says no. Lol
What is podracing
WSB & GME... name a more perfect duo. You can’t b/c there ISN’T ANY

I haven’t been this hard since HTZ 💦💦💦

I’m loading up on 2k worth of more shares this Monday after all, we ride or bust on this 🚀 to Valhalla

GME 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀, 🌈🐻 get fuked
Tech is the future. Ain't going anywhere
Yeah, i've been here for the last 39 years, so, what next?  Should I join the Meal Team Six?
No Irish are bog-trotters. Germans are Krauts. 

Everybody in this sub is a spastic retard though.
Apprentice tendie miner. So far I’m down like 8k, back at 0 🤡
PLTR CEO has crazy hair and that's the only reasoning I need to invest in them. PLTR to the moon! 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Too bad US steel has the X ticker already.
Good Christmas news for a GOEV call holder?
Hahah that’s what we do bro. I’m glad you two have been friends that long. That’s sick.
As long as it doesnt affect the individual calls I picked out spy could hit 340 for all I care
Lost souls 💀
Tja bror
I learned that at IKEA!
None. Joined too early (2015).
What year is it
The youngest is 13, the oldest is 17.  I imagine they'll remember the student loans more than "dad knew about my hobbies."
glad im not the only retard
Are you planning on getting in at market open? I see a lot of people saying to wait a couple of hours to a few. I'm planning on getting out completely of PLTR to yolo on GME
[deleted]
just wait for that IPO and then lets see who's laughing lol
😋😋😳💦
Election going well
[deleted]
Both yes and no. Blonmde girls are by far the most easiest to get but also the most beutiful imo.
[removed]
Ny autism says At&t puts
Who win
[removed]
I'd buy it
you a coal miner or something?
What a final ~3 mins. Crazy
You remind me of him a bit in that you guys both cling to this false hope that the bills will win the superbowl. I've been friends with my roommate for 20 years.... and not once have the bills won.
Raiders need to score the TD in that situation
[removed]
i wish rachel starr would fuck my brains out
Nay
With SPACs what do you look for? I know almost all have nav of $10, do you only enter around that price and just wait? Play options on SPACs?
to your free tendies van? 👀
[deleted]
I don’t even care - I’m just saying you’re gonna get banned
So is there a tech bubble? Is it going to burst?  Yay or nay.
I put my margin in ARKG on dec 3rd and I’m up 20% already. Dividend stocks are lame.
Because ‘twas the Monday after Christmas. The jolliest time of the stock exchange
Make Cathie Wood my mom
Literally what I wanna know
Yup, I’m probably already late the party as I see my FOMO already welling up after I inevitably buy only enough shares to convince myself losses would be controllable and watch X moon as I look back on my savings sitting there covered in boomer dribble and smelling like a mix of preparation h, essential oils, and press board furniture, convincing myself I couldn’t have seen it coming. Yup.
Your dollar sign is all stupid
New strain is in Japan? Old news? Panic Monday?
📈 👍 

📉 👎
I do faceting, but don’t do cabs. You could certainly facet an opal, I’ve done it a few times, but probably better off to cab it. 
Slightly different machinery for the two.
You go all in on $gme calls and take back your wife who is on the verge of leaving you
I'm a welder
That wasn't a girl
I’ve been watching BABA holders get fucked for so long that I know that no, it does not always go back up
🤣🤣🤣🤣😭
Need help to triple my account by eow
Own a few businesses that are seasonal so i can fuck around in the winter. Might get into real estate this year.
Omg that Dolphins game. Tua got cucked!!
[deleted]
zjz, pleas fly again

pleas
If you ever cruise keep at least 100 of each to get the on board credit.
Can’t you just let me be autistic? Why so serious?
I got back like 1/2 of what we paid after fighting with Airbnb for literally 2 months. Moral of the story is if you have an issue with a rental contact Airbnb immediately or they will be total dicks about it
is the conversion from inches to girl inches percent based or constant?
Yeah i get where you are coming from but I'm not convinced with what ROKT holds to be honest they are too deep in legacy aero. UFO is a bit more promising since they deal with Sats, though, garmin is strong.
China has better mobile services and app than the West in Tier 1 cities.  Educate yourself:

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5wxgQVjDviQ&t=155s](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5wxgQVjDviQ&t=155s)
Would you recommend marrying a Swedish women, just banging them, or neither?
God, the mod has been gone for like 1 day and we already get shitposts like this?
😯🤫🤭 sir this is a Christian subreddit
Hej retard
Stimmy talks going well.
[removed]
You may be a virgin but at least your dog remy is cute
Melvin capital had baba calls?
fuck micron 

i spent some money recently buying their shit on black friday but still fuck them
[deleted]
hold me brother.

https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/k6fmuc/mark_my_words_im_gonna_get_back_to_100k_soon/
Generally the answer is the one with the bigger cawk.
LGVW
Why not just get some MARA call with us.
fixed
Yes that's the point of investing at that level. Theyll probably leave a legacy to OP who will YOLO it on FDs. This is the great transfer of wealth of history.
My first purchase was nvax at 2.16.
Short answer yes, if any country in europe is like the US it's sweden
Why are we expecting to be up Monday?
Keep it down your mum still sleeping
I may get a few shares but I’m giving it a bit longer to see if it’ll dip further
Tin knocker
Positions? Better not have been FDs bro
Not looking too bad now. lol
he only signs the biggest and the best
Liquidity isnt the problem bud, its insolvency.
people who share their strike prices but no exp deserve to be taken out back
Those are the ones that do
Ford is for boomers
I completely misunderstood everything 👍
really? Which SPACs, what do you look for? trade options on them or stocks?
I'd change one of my hands to be super oversized, like foam finger sized.
"Fk"

Really bro? 

Say it with me: FUCK
I agree.
S at 6.18
Then get to work and make some money. Your new objective is to make money and fuck bitches. Get to work!
ok fair
Ban, not even close to a billy market cap
Am Retarded

Will switch on Monday
Your dog just flipped you off
Omg no use fucking MT! I just bought calls cause y’all fucking retards told me to
Location is everything
Flies?
expensive. superficial. humid.
No
Ms slippy’s car is green
I bet they make like $40k a year each, have 2 cars and a 1,500sq/ft house.

So in other words. Average middle class.

“My parents don’t have a boat they must be poor.”
Fuck ya I would
R r r right
If you're being real, the first obstacle is having a fucking ton of money to pay the lawyers, and fees to establish the trust and get it listed. The listing fees are on exchange websites, lawyer fees are not, they are dicks.

  
The second is some thesis for trading.

I'm not back testing it, that data is be expensive and I'm not getting paid any fees. But a balanced port of meme fds and nothing else should be good enough.
Top comment that confirms my bias, on a post that confirms my bias? 

Now this is what I call DD.

GME 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀

then

PLTR 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Your bf’s baby gravy
Fuck you man. What are you in right now?
Fucking same man except down 2600 already
Just hit 30... behind where I’d like to be, but building wealth for financial freedom. I have a million hobbies and get to do 1 or 2 a week if I’m lucky. 

I want to retire early and then teach college part time for the fuck of it. Get married, have kids and enjoy life. I’m Currently 50-60 hours working a week for a decent paycheck, but doing this for the next 20 years? Sounds depressing.
Pro tip:

Live like you have a huge dick, even if you don’t
Dam
U sonuva bitch... Imagine a million retards YOLOing at once.
Started 20 yrs ago with the old man. He was day trader in the 80's blow and ho days.

 NOW trading with dad enjoying the action. We might be on CNBC next year or broke. Either way we were in the game enjoying the action.

GME 🚀🚀🚀
DKNG 🚀🚀🚀
BLNK 🚀🚀🚀
I noticed they started to act really proud of me and they invested in xom.
My 1/15 $BB calls have a better chance of flying
Not moving anything from GME until the gay bear cucks are SQUEEZED
[http://gph.is/1eRRUmx](http://gph.is/1eRRUmx)
earnings in 2 weeks got me wondering too
Anyone traveling outside the country.
You don’t think any of it was related to being on the sho list for 13 days?
Traveling around in a dinky bucket is more fun than wasting away in some mcmansion full of drywaller piss bottles.
The problem is where that tiny house is located and how well it's built. Simple life rules.
Is it true blondes are for beginners?
>you’re already too retarded to be managing your own money

That's-a-me! 👉🤡👈

I started reading his book a few days ago because I've always been awful with money. Thankfully my wife and I have very little debt (around $1k in credit card debt), but I just needed to figure out a basic and efficient process that would keep me from living paycheck to paycheck.

It's already helped me a lot in figuring out what I was doing wrong and as I mentioned elsewhere I plan on following the process until I'm in a better financial positions, but also eventually yolo some extra money the wsb way.

It's also inspired me to actually learn about investing, stocks, day trading, options and so on, so if anything it's a good and easy to grasp gateway to this world for someone who has never even thought about it.
Don't do whatever you have been doing, since clearly not working. Find some new strategies. Trade small. Don't think you'll make the money back right away or else you're gonna end up losing it all trading on emotion.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Lmao beavis and butthead
Baba must recover Monday. Right guys??
Nah.
lmao I have an apple watch too and it’s pretty cool
Weird.
Cruise lines avoid paying American taxes... ain’t no one gonna bail them out
Not OP but I have 1800 sq ft in the Midwest in a nice suburb for $160k about 3 yrs back.
Imma start my own conspiracy. It's the damn squirrels, they always are acting shifty
F
And now WTF is vega
mods are dead inmates run the asylum now
Hello my fellow YOLOers! 😏 what are your cool and quirky dumb fuck long term China investments? Haha how fucking stupid! Please list them below so I can call you retarded and ensure you that the things you list are so fucking retarded you should kill yourself for even saying. Thank you. Please list below.
This. Ever since stonks came into my life. It has been a goal to live below my means so I can yolo huge amounts into stonks
wait why is 'female' offensive now? shit moves too quickly
2018 highs were artificial due to tariffs. Everyone rushed to buy before the tariff. Driving up price short term quickly, then crash.  Not same market dynamic as now.
Spacman is HVM. no Subway and no grocer
Yeah, because he had a garbo QB tossing to him. When Wentz was on he was on fire, Wentz just couldn't stay on though.
What makes a lizard person happy?
Sounds lame AF hopefully they work that out
Lol. OP wrote up a great post and you had to attack it with ad hominem opinion no one asked for.

You may have money, but you have no friends. You have no support group, and I reckon people don't like being around you.

And I'm the depressed loser? Haha, okay kiddo.
Here's my issue with your perspective: You say Amazon and Walmart do everything better and that they do more but the one bad example you give about GME is the thing that neither Amazon or Walmart do. They can only pay so much for used games to still make profit. They are a business and I don't expect them to lose money to make me a happy cx. Regardless I'm not one to resell games but I love being able to buy cheap used games. As for your first statement you must be new here or something because I see countless Americans talking about their love for GME so clearly "everyone" doesn't hate them.
i started typing it out more but ended up possibly being more confusing so here is a good link that explains it [https://www.nerdwallet.com/article/investing/mega-backdoor-roths-work](https://www.nerdwallet.com/article/investing/mega-backdoor-roths-work)

basically for instance what we do with my wifes 401k is we max out 19.5 regular 401k limit and then we make an after tax contribution of 500 every 2 weeks(paycycle) Every month we rollover our aftertax funds balance in the 401k to her roth ira.  and every january we both do our 6k roth contribution ( we do this often because the earnings on an after tax contributions are taxed until they are rolled over to your roth)
>Ryan Cohen

for hydrogen i recommend the one and only plug or at least nel, mcphy and so on just my 2 cents.
This vitriolic tirade against the mentally handicapped

>	All autists are retards but not all retards can be autists.

If anything that’s just a fact.
When in r/wallstreetbets...
I got in just for Ackman, but obviously hope you’re right. I think he delivers value regardless, otherwise nothing at all. There’s a reason why you can get a refund...
Tough scenes man. I'm not sure how old your kids are but if they are old enough to remember they'll probably look back at this time fondly because of all the time spent with them. My dad passed back in April and it's the "mundane"  memories I cherish the most like us just sitting around the house talking or playing in the yard when I was little.
This bitch still going down
now this is podracing
Throw some of that money at STPK calls.
Monkey paw, foreshadowing, freaky friday, sexy halloween cat. 

It just didn't hit anything they were trying to do, DC is just struggling any of the stand alone hulk's are better.
Start a sex toy company and buy up the competition with profits that you made from TSLA calls. Then start the "Plugging" health/lifestyle trend with celebrities etc. Coincide your IPO with the trend's peak and meme about it going to the moon on WSB. Print money. Eazy peazy, kegal squeazy. 🤑

Edit: $PLUG is taken.

Edit 2: $BUTT is available!
Do you see society collapsing around you, very slowly on the day to day scale but alarmingly faster and faster on the lifetime scale?
I don't know honestly, I just followed some random commnt a couple omonths ago and it worked so far
Maybe I'm a lizard person pretending to be a reckless trader on wsb. You never know
Millionaires in the sub are finally giving back to the community with rewards because we made them rich
Fk. You’re right. I’m in my early 20s, yet I talk like my dad. Fks wrong with me.
Best case scenario, BABA and PLTR both up 10% at open Monday, I sell my calls, FOMO into GME which then hits $30 a share. Sell outta those and short MARA while shit🅱️oin dips to $15,000.
We're retards, we'll get it .... eventually
You ain't wrong but Agholor couldn't catch a cold in Philly, they did him a big favor. 

https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=1dz7sFwpG6o
Yes and use the savings to buy more stonks
OG WSB approved
Maybe invest in [Victor](https://www.victorpest.com/)?
CIA mad at NSA 👁
Go all in on BFT and MVIS.
Lol @ technical analysis
I can never look at candles the same way.
only after the funds have been in for five+ years.  If you withdraw the principle early, its a 10% penalty
Yeah but when you hit your 100 bagger your face won’t matter. TSLA 1100C 12/31
Fuck I need HEAR to go to 35 before Jan 15 set your remind me’s bois otherwise its $ROPE time
It's literally the advice your grandma or grandpa would give you. Which is cool and totally works.
That dude just gonna end up burning himself
Wait Chimpu is that you
Let's
$90c 🤑🤑🤑
Yeah I agree but the show was still pretty good after him. Last season starts Wednesday on Amazon Prime
VIAC leaps
chill that’s my biggest fear
I have no idea what RNW is but based of a google serach it seems like a good investment
But Aunty Wood will tuck you in at night...
I’m in on this theory. No idea how to play it though. UVXY maybe but I can’t time this thing.
[removed]
Would you live in a tiny house aka cuck shed
F
ITT: a bunch of retarded pussies who don’t realize this guy can put salt down to prevent the melted water from freezing
Who is paying for roaming charges?
Ban
Stop trying to give yourself a B.J
muun
Fair enough, I'll admit this post was mostly to inform people (like me!) who want to trade the new SPACs since they missed out on the other ones. Kinda like how we used to have earnings threads (we should bring those back) So the blurbs I wrote were less due diligence and more describing these companies after reading 1-2 articles and then giving my general vibe.

Which like you said I'll totally admit is not DD. I just hope that it was able to spark some dialogue over these SPACs
Aahhh.  The demonstrations though.  Do you do private housecalls?
[deleted]
I mean, it was strange, doesn't mean lizard people are taking over
News? Idk bro. Green line fucking go up.
Found the paper hands
I'm on it pal. Leave the back door open, ill be there shortly.
Yes
Thoughts on MU?
VIAC
Please please please please please... trigger finger on my life savings... just say the word papa
> nifty 

OK boomer
[deleted]
I believe more than likely they’ll pop that 20%, easy. But there’s still the risk of your life savings in a stock flirting with possible bankruptcy. We have J Pow propping every thing up with easy money so it’s not really a worry and CCL has ample liquidity but “what if”. It’s not a great strong company/blue chip. 

TLDR: you’ll likely be fine but it’s stupid to put your life savings into 1 stock
Bro her tits are fucken amazing 

I would pay just to lick her asshole 

She is stunning she looks like a lord of the ring elf 🧝‍♀️
Khazar milkers
Short it for fuck sakes, you clown. Every single GME bear is always “On THe SidElInES”
Is being retarded in Sweden the same as being retarded in the U.S.?
You think I have "hooker" money>??????  Let alone "lines" money?????
[deleted]
Damn it hurts even more watching it live compared to waking up to it
>Next week will be 1 year I've been consistently trading every single morning and I'm down 65% YTD

My story is I come for stories like this 🤣
Just got my first ever Apple Watch. Things actually super nifty.
[deleted]
Better to just look at the list of stocks making new 52 week highs or all time highs.
I just set up traditional IRA for myself and my wife a few days ago and maxed them both.  I plan to backdoor them both into roth. Plus my job has both 403b and 457 accounts that i can max to 19.5k each year.  only thing is, I can only choose from some basic fidelity funds, and can't actively manage my retirement accounts.  the large cap growth fund is up 70% this year though, so still not too bad

edited to reflect that 6k max is across ALL IRA accounts per person
DKNG season
Ban. I’m uncomfortable.
What's next? Bats are part of the deep state?
CNK
What’s with all of the HBO shills lately? Makes no sense. I thought there were mods.
Rising wedges don’t always mean down. Could breakout upwards. Happened this year after market recovery.
Once he wasn't on the show anymore it was tolerable but it wasn't the same.  I was not a fan of Ivar
Yeah I've got practically the same with 30Cs. Hope it works out for us haha
You Europoor always forget we count in freedom bucks. Position or Ban!
[deleted]
I fucking love trading 10k stocks on penny stocks just to make a few hundred when it goes up 1 cent lol
Literally every other dream I’ve had the last three months, I feel like I’m just having an awesome time in life and bam I’m also rich???? Then I realize I’m dreaming and just start trying to fuck everyone around me.
Calls on Gal Gadot fart box though.
😏🤣
What ever you do, don’t $ROPE
It hasn't done anything for a month now.
Looks like a D GLY pump n dump
Sub 200 million market cap? I’m in.
DIS gains post back in 2019 when Disney Plus was announced. I remember reading on r/stocks or r/investing about an irresponsible subreddit and decided to simply check it out.
Do you mind explaining to me what that means exactly and what made you decide on that position?
dame u that confident wtf u must have Tesla or square shares
It was very strange
Thoughta on RNW mooning next year?
Wait til you find one with false advertising and Airbnb refuses to refund you
Union HVAC
[removed]
YEah, no.  I get that.  The biggest fucking "loser" is in a solid middle class neighborhood with a solid job and income, and has more supportive friends than I (we?) have supportive family.  I'm like hank hill in Bill's personality and mind, with a lifestyle closer to Barney from the Simpsons.
[deleted]
It was mid 70s in Oklahoma like a week ago. Def not normal
you must be an idiot to sell PLTR
Yeah well it's true. Problem is your frame of reference.. if you as your frame of reference typically makes bad calls (and you actually mentally tally up the wins/losses over time on plays you could have made but didn't) then maybe you need to re-shift your thinking to a type that makes better calls more often. I always look back at shit where this sub made me doubt my vibe, and it mooned more often than not. So. Maybe MY thinking is fine, but someone elses is warped/fucked/not in tune with market vibe. Basically what i'm saying is that we (regular Joes) may not understand the math that makes up good performance.. but we are almost subconsciously doing the math in our heads that make us make good calls and play them. Our mind itself is a black box potentially more powerful than any quantitative modeling in the world. Most certainly better because our mind can do both, the mathematical but more importantly the psychological/sentimentality and neuroticism of the market because the market is still made up of humans feelings. Financial quant models cannot take that into account.. or at least they cannot replicate it with any sort of accuracy.
There’s only one thing I tuck
Either that or hyperinflation in asset prices and a crash up. Choose wisely
Already?! I bet there were posts about that 3 minutes after it happened.
Turned off the dolphins game after that LV field goal. Thought we lost that shit. Checked my bovada just now and I’m up. Saw that my Miami ml hit. Calls on fitzmagic
You’re doing what?  Oh Fukushima I read that wrong... carry on.
Ok sure but that’s not ETF managment that’s your managment. Like how do we as in 1.7 M or the few hundred thousand that go in judge the equities and trades. This is a huge group new adds every month and year. New stocks new ideas all come in some pick up others fade. I’m not saying it’s a bad idea. I actually love it. I’m just saying there are a lot of moving parts and if we have a legit ETF firm working to try and put something together and then people can decide if they want to buy or not by looking at the holdings Or maybe multiple ETFs and the one with the largest inflows in 2 years becomes the ETF. Or a council of ETF managers built by I don’t know. If there is a real way to achieve this etf someone should look.
I’m a bidet salesman
Amazon is at lower than it's july 10th level.
You know the movie Lord of War with Nicholas Cage? Yea, kinda like that
Calls on more dilution
Y not Tesla?
thanks for the update
[deleted]
You didn’t buy into the june 6 month calls when they were only a dollar a piece? Seemed pretty solid to me, it’s on a dip right now though so only time will tell. 

BUY THE DIP

Edit, or was that QQQJ? 

I don’t even know what I’m dumping money into anymore.
this hurt me
The fuck? People already trying to turn that nashville bombing into some sort of deep state conspiracy theory. People have too much crazy in them
Basically all of it. I remember it distinctly, i was pretty worried it would drop under 9 that day for the first time in awhile
What watch?
I'm drunk, I'm from sweden and I belive that NIO will go to the moon AMA
[deleted]
> A time bomb

With a ladies voice on autoplay warning /r/investing to stay away
Thanks for the DD, considering selling off my February calls to buy some more for later in the year.
hmmmm.. some big titted women can be ugly af and I just don't care.
why are you A and not B?
Amazon is still below its July 10th level...
Same
That’s four 0.01% green candles in a row. A real beauty.
Favorite show ever, Vikings. 

It’s alright so far.
[deleted]
Only my third time, only one that was lame was when it was literally someone’s normal house and they were there the whole time
Why? Need more info than hurr durr moon rocket
🥪
5.
5 dollar.
5 dollar footlong!
Thanks for your valuable input.
IT Engineer
You forgot to include the rocket ships 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀 for Bill SPACman's SPAC.
WW 1984 is bad puts on wb
like i dont even mind CGI if its good and used sparingly

but this was an entire CGI fight, the main fight of the whole movie, and it was low quality garbage

fucking spiderman 3 all over again
😳
Do people still think there's going to be an inevitable "next leg down"? 

April 300p?
Aging won’t happen at least few thousand years. Can not even regrow limbs another few hundred years. We are destined to be cyborg
He was awesome as Ragnar.  Is that show any good?
[deleted]
#HEY, IM THE RESIDENT CUCK HERE
Yeah exactly.. that's why that "trading by FEEEEEEL" joke isn't a joke at all.. it's how anyone who's made money in the markets trades..
FORD =Fucking Old Retard Disease
Lol that’s not his advice you scrud
This is becoming a fucking issue..
How so
what app is that
MRO
You’re welcome. I try to give back a little to the community too, it’s the least I can do
Don't lose hope. Invest in $ROPE.
Will do, cuck.
[deleted]
50/50 chance of making major moolah or losing absolutely everything. Basically perfect wsb play
Congrats, still holding?
why CCL though?
Westwater resources going to explode
Eagles should have kept Agholor and dumped Wentz. SMH, such talent pissed away to the goddamned Raiders.
This this and this.. All of this.
Hey u owe me a good cock sucking get fucken to it
Haven’t watched much sportsball since the kneelings
Looks like 2020, the future isn’t depicted here
I started that :) but chickened out and deleted it a few days later since it had my actual name lol. Stocktwits loved it though!
One of us one of us..
You can only buy shell with RDS.A or .B

No I am not
Some dude further down linked an NSFW political sub... Abby Shapiro has got some linebacker shoulders. Good thing she got big tits to draw the eyes away.
I have 12/31 30c contract (12 of them) 
Hope for dome fireworks on monday
only finest ladybois
2*
X is on the move. Elon should buy X just to be TSLA's sole supplier. Take the steel in house.
This belongs on r/conspiracy
Pls daddy
He made history for being the first live action retard
I love you too baby💖
Stick a knife in that bitches throat and get that house!
Forward looking isn’t bad. They’re cutting debt and extending notes due until 2023. They even actually managed to cut net losses this year compared to q4 of last year. Is it a $20 stock? Definitely not. But they’re restructuring so we’ll see.
Lol go away 🌈🐻
I love you guys <3 go fuck my girlfriend please
Just another hedge fund manager 💀
I mean, the guy's advice is legit and safe stuff that I'm sure works, but idgaf what he says, if I have some extra money that I really can afford to do without I'm 100% gonna use some of it for quick gainz lol
Hey congrats or your success so far, rooting for you to hit 8digits haha, not really invested enough to do this or follow your trades daily but maybe one day when i finish school.
nice blog OP
I have $150 in my TDA account.  Level 3 options.  Give me a fucking play......Looolololololloll!
Yo maybe you don’t know and I can ask around somewhere else but from what I’m seeing online you can get toxic levels of heavy metals and iodine in high doses by taking tablets or eating too much kelp. Maybe we just have her do it like once or twice a week or some shit idk lol 

https://healthyeating.sfgate.com/can-taking-kelp-dangerous-5146.html
I always related to Bill Dauterive but at this point I'm gonna end up in prison for trying to kill my ex's boyfriend so I'm actually just a complete piece of shit compared to him. Imagine that, realizing you're actually nothing compared to the cartoon character you relate to because the writers came up with the most pathetic lonely hopeless individual possible as a joke. Still a fucking superhero compared to me. I'm sure you're doing better than this, hope that helps
Yes but it’s cheap

I end up owing 20k end of year and the fee is like 450

I may finally get organized enough to do it in 2021 msybe
Don’t do this.
[removed]
Oh ya. It’s ugly for sure.
It's a double top bro. Get out while you still can.
Put it might fill up while you’re jumping
I’m whipping it out in every single room just in case
[deleted]
4 episodes in Raised by Wolves and it’s funny how Travis Fimmel does almost the exact facial expressions he did playing Ragnar.
At least somebody in your house has a brain
I hope you tank Monday
Midnight cowboy
[deleted]
Cubensis can stay
[removed]
Work? I collect unemployment checks and YOLO them.
Fitzmagic >>>> Tua
[deleted]
I’ve had both good and bad experiences with Airbnb. Their customer service is not great. Think it’s overvalued but not taking a position since I know a lot of people love it.
[deleted]
No u need atleast some diversity
[removed]
Go do some lines of a hookers titties and then ask yourself the same question
I'm doing pretty much everything wrong, except that I'm way more involved with my kids than I ever was before being an unemployed loser.  Unfortunately, That's temporary and I'll have to (hopefully) go back to having a job and I cannot imagine a way to maintain a decent quality of life long-term without me going back to working insane hours again.
Did u check for hidden cameras
This is the way
Atleast it’s not a weekly/monthly call.. TBH it’s actually a pretty good play for next year
You would think, but SoCal always goes up. It’s insanity really.
Is that you in that one post?  Are you for fucking real?
That'd be cool. I'm a kansas fan, my roommate is a big bills fan.
Position or ban
I worked with a couple bartenders at a mega fine dining restaurant for a while who made over 80k
Space Internet, whats not to love. Maybe Boring company but fuck it these loons know more than I will.
but its not about their products because i think they are pretty good (theres a reason why apple choose them).

The problem is the competition with asia especially samsung sdi in the future (VAR1 started pretty late to produce EV-Battery) and of course the short sellers - in germany they are talking about a possible short squeeze so i wanted to hear your DDs about it before i buy the calls ...
Since no one is being serious, I guess I have to be the adult.

DD = Don't Do

When you see a post with that flair on wsb just check out what's going on in the post and don't follow their lead.  They're working on losing their life savings, we all are.  Don't do that.
Is the stock market going to crash I sold all my stocks to make a cash offer on a distressed house offered 12k over asking price but another cash buyer got it for 17k over asking now I’m hoping the market will tank on Monday with the government shutdown 🤷🏻‍♂️🤞
I'm already balls deep but if I had a third ball, I'd put that in too
[deleted]
TENDIE TIME BITCHES 🚀
Did you see that grown man catch that ball!!!???
I think you mean Fix It Again Tony
look at SQQQ long term, that would be WSB ETF
Be that guy who made millions in options while everyone else is still working Wendy’s with no end in sight. Might meet that guy, 
“You show me your paycheck for 75k. I quit my job. I come work for you.”
What is the purpose of National Defense Authorization Act? It’s not part of stimulus package.
ALPP, CHWY, IIPR, JMIA, MMEDF, MVIS, PLTR, RVVTF
[deleted]
Lotta people not getting the joke here. It’s fucking buzz light year in a suit
SeaWorld is pretty cool cuz they’ve got like whales and shit
Dem flapjacks
You’re right. Only in Texas and parts of Mexico.
seriously tho....why do u kick the fg there?? just score the goddamn td! so u give them 20 more secs..who cares!
Fantastic company with big potential
How bout that sports ball?
Duck and Fuck could be your channel. Quack quack quack and cum on her back. You can give be %5 royalties for the idea.
No, but a board of elected retards maybe
$MOON. 50 most innovative companies across most industries/tracks the moonshot index. Great way to get exposure to a lot of companies with big disruptor potential without having to buy lots of individual stocks and it’s reasonably priced .

Meme potential=YUGE
Def not.
Fuck it do a PayPal Mafia ETF as well.
My uncle owns a garage, he said Ford put his kids through college.
Retail is apparently outperforming funds pretty heavily this year
Staying at an AirBNB cabin for Christmas rn and I gotta say calls all the fucking way. Shit is so much more cozy than a hotel and pretty cheap too
😳
I mean we are made of water so can’t be too bad
LOL
Yeah, ok. Like I said before, the more people who think that the better. The reason for my belligerence is actually because I care about this community, want to see you all do well deep down, that’s why I share my thoughts, to potentially help you. but some of you are just so fucking stupid, that you’re beyond helping.
will u use your poker winning for cock ?
I write and counsel addicts.
[deleted]
This
[deleted]
[deleted]
Are you 17
Sir the president will not sign your pp please put it away
proud of what? losing money?
I would love to see them play each other to go to the superbowl
Educated does not mean intelligent. Nor does it mean one can pick stocks well. Between gme and tesla shorts...and baba calls. Melvin gonna have an ugly year
Corner
That’s cool mine looks like the exact opposite
Half digested lead paint chips.
I strongly dislike watching the computer fight itself.  Same thing happened in Iron man 2.  Like a 4 year old bashing two toys together making sounds with their mouth.

Dress WW and Wiig up in some actual costumes and get them to roll around and I’ll frame by frame that shit...
I agree, but I don’t think AI will be as important to genomics as people think. I can synthesize a library of 10^15 genes and set up a selection process to pick out the winner with less than a liter of material. Computers can’t search a solution space that large. It’s all about molecular multiplexing and experimental design. invest in companies with smart people avoid AI hype.
🥰🥰😘😘 u whore ill give u my vainy cock spread your ASSHOE for me
Ewww words can you just post uppies or downies arrows? Thanks.
Imagine following Dave Ramsey and missing out on one of the largest bull runs ever.

But also, those people are like fucking Jehovah's Witnesses and can't have credit cards either.
[deleted]
Yes it's almost as if the information is right there for you
I definitely agree that it's the best grocery store but I don't think it's a high grow th company. To my knowledge they're only in Texas and I think one or two other states. 

By far one of the best companies out there though. they've done so much to help communities all over Texas and came through big time when hurricane Harvey hit
[deleted]
Fuck you. I thought this would matter.
I think it's pretty simple. New Consol cycle, trimming loss leader stores, solid turn around plan from Cohen, precipice of new era of the video game market. It seems they are at a crossroads of so or die so to say with a lot of upside potential. The short case is that Sherman will drag it to the ground with his cold, dead, boomer hands.
If you scroll far enough down on the daily thread it always just turns into Cathy thirst comments
Jeweler
100% here
I’m not into fun though
Shit would flop like my cockles after reading FDS
ye go ahead and throw all u got in it, I’m currently up 117% right now
An important aspect of your thesis should be primarily focused around US-China trade war. I have done a bit of research myself as I believe an upcoming commodities supercycle is bound to occur. Regarding, supply and demand, while most notably countries in Africa are in dire need of soy, our focus should be on China. Understanding the rising tensions between US and China in the Trans-Pacific is crucial to your thesis. However, to shed light onto this my prediction is that US and China are slowly becoming neutral. I believe China is importing increased soy from US (and Brazil) to meet its demand of increasing agriculture in relation to population growth. While the newly founded COVID19 strain is taking a toll on trade in the United Kingdom and surrounding European countries with US and China, it must be contained and diminished accordingly for it to not affect solely the US-China trade. No matter the outcome I will still be bullish on the future of soy. Below are the recent headlines of US-Chine relations as follows...

  

* "China added US$10.9 billion of US Treasury securities in May, the first purchase since February, although the US$1.08 trillion total is slightly down from 12 months earlier"
* "Sources confirm that China has committed to making large scale purchases of US$200 billion of American goods as part of the phase one trade deal"
* "Purchase target for manufactured goods of around US$75 billion, with China also committing to buy huge amounts of energy, agriculture and services"

[https://www.scmp.com/economy/china-economy/article/3113960/best-2020-coronavirus-trade-war-us-china-relations-dominate](https://www.scmp.com/economy/china-economy/article/3113960/best-2020-coronavirus-trade-war-us-china-relations-dominate)
[WSB, in the 1980's](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dtc58sTsTpE)
Mvis is good but overpriced imo. The others are just starting
Kan ons Afrikaans ook praat?
[removed]
am i good at poker or did i just figure out the AI in this app 🤔
These Home Alone vibes
Nah Kansas is getting it again
Could you elaborate more on your experience with this method and what makes it successful?
Subway, eat fresh. 🥪
You just gotta switch it up man. Assess your life, and be harsh. what are you doing wrong that's within your control? 2020 has left a lot of things out of our control but if you give yourself an honest look I'm sure there's something you could be doing to improve your mental health. Its sounds boomery lol but it helps.
CRSR $55 1/15 call, $12 1/8 NKLA put, $30 GME 1/15 call- order placed for market open— sounds good boys?
Lol and yet his net worth is more than this sub combined
[deleted]
We’re about to squeeze the gay out of these bears!
I'm hoping ARKG has so much potential even if it drops within the next few months (hopefully not) it could explode in the next 10 years. After this short term investing I would love to do a buy and hold play.
A machine I programmed made it into your video, made me tear up :)
I fucking love you for this. I am so goddam glad I didn’t post this where I meant to originally. I love you fucking retards.
[removed]
[deleted]
I know this is r/wallstreetbets but this dudes advice is to:

1. Have emergency fund
2. Pay off debt
3. Invest when you are financially stable

His advice is to not potentially throw away money you need to survive. But again this is r/wallstreetbets so obviously that's dumb advice
I've never been so hyped to dump my life savings into something that doesn't exisit yet
[deleted]
We may be married to the same person....
If i dont pay quarterly taxes am I trading on uncle sams margin
Hang in there baba.  Maybe the next president will be nice to you.
So is trump signing this thing or nah?
# [PSTH ROCKET SHIP and PAPA ACKMAN take me to TENDIE TOWN](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kkx062/psth_rocket_ship_and_papa_ackman_take_me_to/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x&context=3)
I miss the vote bot
ehh it can be fun
Hold on it’s an action movie so what did they do? Talk?
no
Sports ball is gey
🤣🤣 Me too.
“You have 24 hours to get your affairs in order” - Reddit admins
It is what it is now, but how about a comeback story, they seem to be trying atleast.
[This will help things turn out for the best](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SJUhlRoBL8M&ab_channel=Melonhead622)
##1 top chart bro all categories
They should merge with H-E-B. Awesome family-owned business and the best grocery store in the US!
So what does that make followers of WSB?
Yes...ah, I see. 

I know some of these words.
You need to take a break and explore other ideas when it comes to supplemental income.  You may even realize that investing isn't for you and that you'll hire a financial planner next time.  At the very least when you do return to the world of trading, you'll have a fresh, clear mindset unlike right now where your emotions are all over the place.  Regardless of what you decide to do, taking a break would be smart.
go to $30 pton where you belong you pos
Shares AND calls. Big dick energy.
Is Miami a good place to live
Sir this is a wendy's.
We're going to have a 0% fee. I'm a holder, this etf, my own dick, it's important to hold.
Hahah I have a bills fitzmagic jersey
I’m a retard and didn’t know this can you explain please please. please.
Good, maybe they can investigate the short side manipulation of gamestop
What if the excuse makes me more money
Definitely why he is here
Calls on $ROPE
[deleted]
Wow, LRNZ has a sortino ratio of 26. This blows my mind. Maybe with more trading history things will change.
Melvin!
Welcome home
Why not an ETF called YOLO?  Only buys yolo stocks with yolo positions...
PTON is fuk, apple fitness+ is gonna gobble it up like your wife does her bf’s peenie
He deleted it.
[deleted]
I never thought I'd google "Dave Ramsey butt plug", but here were we are.

(Didnt find anything)
[deleted]
[deleted]
GG that was fun
Who's eating bats in the uk
Yeah I just figured that’s helmet spelling for alzheimer
Ban
WTF DUDE SPOILER TAG THAT SHIT
[deleted]
I didn’t even think of onlyfans.....there’s gotta be people out there into fat middle-aged bearded dudes with little ducks, right?????   Right?!?!?!?!
the raiders are garbage
If this happens im going to take out a second mortgage and put my entire life savings in day one options.
Dude were in a historical bull market, how did you lose money? Buy calls on an index
Hes mad hes been shortin the tits off it
Go Bills by the way. Super Bowl champs
[removed]
wow don’t insult trash pandas like that
Or finish the season we're on
It seems you and I both agree that we are not in a typical market right now, I would also call it historic. The dot com bubble was also historic, and so was the tulip bubble, the housing bubble, and so forth. I just cannot wait for the Great Rug Pull. Ask yourself, when an asset bubble pops, who are the ones left holding bags? Who are the ones who lose their jobs and are forced to sell their stocks at a multi year low to cover their living expenses? I’ll give you a hint. It’s not the institutions.

Edit: PSTH is not a high yield savings account, that is a fucking stupid comparison and I’m going to need you to explain why you see it that way, otherwise any credibility that could possibly be assigned to you is gone.
Just don't buy short term gme and be ready for possible pullbacks. Diamond hands are the winners with gme
There is also a really good chance he’s using all of us for a pump and dump and we just don’t know it yet, but that’s next level for us autists. GME and PLTR to the 🌙💦💦🌈🐻
No action, no big fight, no idea what the main villain is trying to accomplish, crap ending.
And awards... you morons
$ZNGA, got it when the stock was trading around $3, current price is $9.8
Are you dumb he said alzymers not Alzheimer haha
A time bomb. ETF's are for Nancy's.
Fuck no, I'm done with DirectX games. It's not 2010 anymore, dinosaur devs need to get with the times. If something isn't worth releasing a Vulkan version of as a developer, it's not worth hard drive space as a player
ngl belle delphines porn is underwhelming
I feel like all my karma is from you morons
True, the 90s were fucking crazy.
Jan. 9th
Raiders are trash pandas
PLTR 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀👍👍
You are at the right place. Everyone one here has taken losses. Only thing you can do is keep building.
Ah Greed. Another one bites your butt.
Especially when it comes to credit cards and debt.
Heard of nvax back in 2017 when they were <$5 and wanted to get in bc of their sick name and goal of curing the flu. Didnt bc i was a wussy and was on the weed hype. Major mistakes. This might work on penny stocks for u to catch some short term swings. Best of luck and let us know if theres any good choices
But that was apparent in the trailer
[deleted]
[deleted]
They’re.
Ceaser dressing
Calls on the dolphins
Mgni to $500 by end of 2021.
ww1984 sucks dick

i fucking hate shitty CGI
The freaking post is about collars. This is your original comment about collars being a "very bearish" position.

>Yes, and he used the credits to buy puts which forms a collar. It provides free downside protection assuming the call you sell pays for the put you buy.  
>  
>It's very bearish and OP will miss out on huge gains should GME squeeze.

I seem to have struck a cord with you given your massive ranting response. Let me put this in simple terms that an idiot like you can understand:

If you enter a collar and the underlying goes downsies, you lose money. Period. 

If you enter a collar and the underlying goes uppies, you make money. Period.

You would call that "very bearish" position? You can perform all the stupid ass mental gymnastics that you want to believe that a hedge makes your entire position "very bearish" as you put it...but its just false. At no point do you want your underlying to move down in a collar.

100x long stock has a delta of 1. An OTM put and call will always have a delta less than 1. You will NEVER profit on a downward movement. Of course somehow this is still bearish in your mind.
[deleted]
grunden is one dumb mutherfucker

edit: yes! i know i spelled it wrong! doesn't deserve it changed!
Maybe it is time. Ik we like to fucking wait until 10 people talk about one stonk, but it’s time
If you make under $40,000 (most college students) and have long term investments (held for over 1 year), you could sell the long term investment and buy it back (if it was a gain) and pay 0% long term capital gain tax. Just be sure to keep your total income below $40,000 including the stocks you just sold.

Also if the investment is a loss then you have to wait 30 days before you can buy back.

Link here:

[https://www.nerdwallet.com/article/taxes/capital-gains-tax-rates](https://www.nerdwallet.com/article/taxes/capital-gains-tax-rates)
I'm in both 😂
You think you're the first person to think of a wsb fund? 

STOP trying to socialize gainz because you're too braindead to make your own trade decisions. 

Fucking commie.
[deleted]
258% just in trading stocks? no options?
GME is still just a 1.4 billion cap. If WSB are mostly Americans and we all get $2K checks, that’s 2-3 billion in added liquidity. Could easily take GME to $40 in a week
the real play is DVA calls
I’m also waiting a bit to enter long-dated XLE, there’s gonna be some tax loss shenanigans
Are there any public butt plug companies? I figured they were all “privately owned”.
Okay it’s over, packers win
[deleted]
No it’s a much needed nutrient and we are generally low. The Japanese elderly live past 100 and are generally in good health till the end. One of the reasons is that their high iodine and fish diet helps fend off cognitive decline. 

Look into giving here a good dose of kelp based iodine and good fats (grass fed, wild fish) as it helps the nervous system.
Where did the initial investment come from?
Pretty much 😂 really to just draw my attention to probable sleeping giants I guess
My apple calls gonna print? Yes?
Good point. I really do need to find a path. Any path. I’m broke. Can’t find a job. About to lose UI. I do have 6mo of mortgage deferment. Been cycling through hobbies like skills are a hobby. Maybe I’ll just go to college so I can get some deferred student loans 😂
[deleted]
BABA $245 c 2/19!
Ok if we have a serious etf fund structure with an advisor and low cost structure I would buy the shit out of this etf. If done right institutions would be looking at it too.
u/zjz the type of dude to read his positions a bedtime story every night
That'll definitely encourage the employees to care about the future growth of pltr..
Your welcome
Calls on bidets and pltr puts on butthole cancer
Sure the more promising companies are private i.e SpaceX, Relativity, etc. but the ETF has some solid suppliers of all things aerospace. Most private space exploration companies source parts/components from the legacy aerospace/defence sector. I don’t think it’s a bad way to gain broad exposure.
Wait until Campo Alegre opens back up in Curacao , you can stay there sniff as much coke and smoke weed out in the open and 100 different whores rotated regularly ( colombians dominicans ) with their own rooms that fuck for 30usd per 30 minutes and you can make 3-6 hour deals for 120 ish. They have a bar , restuarant etc its a closed off colony with security and everything else you can imagine. Degeneracy galore. Colombia is your next best bet. Have not been there but buddies that have have said its fun.
[removed]
because i already got out
We’re about to squeeze the gay out of these bears.
Ask your wife's boyfriend for a loan?
Ryan Fitzpatrick just completed a huge completion without looking. 😂
dude eagles are endangered. u can’t do that to them bro 😳
Can’t find it
Puberty can be weird we get it
[deleted]
Username so ok
Yea cuz that’s not Elon’s pussy ass “flame thrower”
another way to find a list of WSB meme stocks is to use a stock screener and search for RSI overbought
Puts on your wife's boyfriend.
No, there is a reason why its an acronym for Found On Road Dead or Fix Or Repair Daily.
My butt hole stinks rn extra bad
It is now the prime hotspot in America after the holidays
OK, nurse. I'm gonna call it. Time of death, 11:17PM

Hey, tomorrow is another day!
[deleted]
My butt hole stinks rn extra bad
some fungus is so good it’s edible, some fungus needs to go
Tsla, gme, b eff tee, pltr 25% each
Next tesla already came out, its Canoo
Fit and Jan 2019 at 5.70
iPlane
I LOVVVVVVVVVVE
Never heard of her
both of you are retarded. but that's why we're here.
ok so we need a lord and savior who praises this shit to squeeze it. 

as it seems the board members are all selling so we will see if melvin capital is gonna break the resistance at 100
>I feel so lost and numb

It's called self actualization bud
Is your girlfriends husbands name the $PLUG?
First film was overrated as hell too
Splain
Think ima bet on the Cowboys with those odds. Fuck the Eagles
We found our new EV thanks! 200% eow
GME to $30. Gamestop will put an end to brick and mortar outlook and the new look will be as a tech company.

Next year is going to be huge.
[deleted]
Stop
Any GME put holders here? Come out of the shadows, we can still be a proud people
[removed]
3 day Reddit ban for clarifying autist/retard on my main.

Whoever reported me, fuck you you fuck.

See ya in 3 days.
Bro...
yes, this app does

https://i.imgur.com/SafYUCM.png
The strong meme game in 18
better than starting on 100
[removed]
idk I like mustaches on girls
[deleted]
NKLA for upside potential
Old ppl forget things sometimes but Alzheimer’s is very different. Like if they forget how to turn off the tv or unlock the front door, don’t remember names of people they’ve known for forever that’s Alzheimer’s
Gay ban
Zillow has been tearing it up this year.  I wish I had been Z gang.
anyone know what song it is?
40, that’s bold
[removed]
No wonder you lost everything
Cool cool. So I’ll quit my shitty job of >unemployed since April<, what’s the next step?  Hahahaha!
central conflict was kind of lame imo. “be careful what you wish for?” stfu
In post history you pleb; this isn't my post you GTFO.
I think hedge funds only use TA to determine entry price within a certain day, not over long periods too
All you idiots love EV stonks, but why the fuck are we not buying more Westwater Resources here?
Did you not hear Cramer? “Wsb is more powerful than any largest institution”
[deleted]
My god makes Batman vs Superman look decent
omg they go to overtime??? y u ruining everything 😭
nah bro, it just watched the vid, didn't shoot yet
Ahhhh the GUH. My phone autocorrects guh to GUH too it learns too quickly
Because Ford is garbage.
When’s dividends
Not bueno
/u/zjz the type of guy to tenderly kiss his hookers
[removed]
========================================

Anyone playing Grand Theft Auto this weekend? 

My TTWO 1/15 calls need to know!
Earnings estimated to be 2/11 so 3 days after that
[removed]
bro Dave is an OG retard YOLOer that leveraged the fuck out of his real estate biz, made millions of tendies then had his notes called, and went fucking bankrupt. true story.
Yeah the rest of my money is in 5/21/21 40$ calls
His advice is the fiscal equivalent of sending an alcoholic to AA. It only works if you have a problem. For everybody else, it holds you back.
mice self
Hey bud, this random retard from NYC hopes you find some meaning in life. Not gonna bother giving you advice but I can tell you I've been where you are and there are paths to a healthy life, even if you don't quite yet see it. Just don't start an onlyfans or start selling your pee, that's a lose lose.
Nah it’s in overtime you autist
I’m a pretty chill guy the only thing that can really get me hyped is looking at my account and seeing a sea of green in real life I’m pretty laid back
Definitely not symptoms of addiction. Literally probably anything but that.
Well since you're negative let them read make own decisions then 😂
🥞)(🥞
😫
Bad?
[removed]
[removed]
I feel you brotha. Only thing that helps me is to just keep walkin any path
What’s that?
Idk. Yolo on PLTR
if its any consolation you made someone 23k richer

it's a zero sum game

unless ur the fed
Always bullish
Pizza Hut
Bro palantir has all the fundamentals set for another run. GME has big money betting against it and really doesn't have a shot at the short squeeze bullshit people are selling you. GME probably will at the best hit 30 dollars before April. The shorts ain't giving up anytime soon and have plenty of fire power to shoot that shit back down to 15-16 in the near term. 

I'd stick with palantir. I'm in GME as well but would never touch papa Karp and papa Thiel investments for more GME.
Someone give me a TL:DR on the new Wonder Woman movie? Why is it so bad? Was looking forward to it.

One IMDB reviewer said “it’s the perfect ending to 2020 it was so bad”
FD XLE puts this week, roll profits to XLE leaps after EOY tax loss harvesting 🤔
The first 20 minutes seemed like a drawn out 80's Pepsi commercial. I know because I am watching right now.

This film is garbage compared to the first.
Haha was it BABA?
[deleted]
Thanks Nancy, now can we see your titties please?
wow spoiler alert geez
There’s plenty more subreddits that can give you better answers than here bro
Which answer do you want to hear:

1. You’re stupid for gambling. Don’t do it.

2. All in the rest of your money on PLTR $30C 12/31. Stonks only go up!!! 🤑💰🤑💰
It’s really hard to diagnose, often times it’s done off of symptoms and ruling out other shit
This is the correct answer...  however, I would have also accepted jalapeños and Mayo.
Let’s rape this douchebag. All in GME shares and leaps 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Sorry I keep kosher
That just hit my "favorite websites" list
33 with kids 5k plus 600 stimulus coming lmao eat my dick pltr will pay off 😂
nah yours don’t. they are just pretending they don’t know you. it’s super valid tbh.
[deleted]
Right now the current info is early 2021. I’m looking at it for timing between January - March and March - June also long the equity for safety cause it’s gonna be difficult to time till we get more info after New Years. I don’t expect to hear any new info  till 1/1/2021 at the earliest. But the investor day is happening in the first 3 months I think and it’s gonna be streaming focused with a look at the 2 year slate including some Godfather content. I also expect them to discuss new television project from the MiraMax Deal. Overall it’s a solid trade opportunity and no one seems to be paying attention. I was long Dis pre investor day with calls. Plan on doing the same thing with VIAC. Hope everyone else can get a piece before the price starts moving north in the new year.
No
Ah the classic begging to buy the almost top
Best of luck. I think its oversold too but the chinese government is too strong and jack ma flew too close to the gov
Selling $190 puts.  It may want to test the $175 intraday.  Definitely load the boat $160 the half price point.  LOL.
[removed]
Icln leaps
Anyone else watching this Liberty v coastal Carolina? 

What a wild ending, never seen anything like it. Tied up liberty is on cc 10 yard line with like 1 minute to go. Liberty running back getting dragged into endzone by cc, while liberty player trying to drag him back out of endzone, fumbles at 1 yard line. Lmfao
[deleted]
why do you have a broker? you paying him 1% a year to press a button?
based anti money lender
Damn I just saw these comments. ENG looks solid. Good balance sheet.  Huge growth last quarter
Ban
[deleted]
Getting money = getting freedom. Freedom to use your time however you want.
How do you know if your parents have alzymers?
Nancy here, stimulus talks going well
[deleted]
1 part sour cream, 1/3 part horse radish, 1/4 part spicy or Dijon mustard mixed with little sale and pepper and maybe 1 good garlic gloved minced.


Oh and do all this on a Hawaiian roll
Isn’t it mostly value play given how low the share price is/was if they simply turn profitable again?
Biggest turn off is mustaches and girls who like drama.
Your body is telling you it's time for a yolo. Doesn't have to be stonks. could be moving somewhere totally new or quitting your shitty job. Sometimes you gotta throw life a curveball
I sold after like two days then bought a bunch of Twitter stock
As a 27 year old retard,I really just want to make enough to go travel to Central America somewhere and have some thicc latina sit on my face. What can I say, its the simple things in life that get me.
Don’t think I’ll ever hit that high of the first week of PLTR tendies I got a couple weeks back, it’s all downhill from here
I fuck with it.
[removed]
I think that’s a good call tbh I have completely fucked my account with fdx earnings. I don’t see it dropping too much more but fucking stock sucks ass
A small loan of $300k. Can you give me your dad’s number? I can be his new son. You blocked his number anyway.
Mutant Ninja Covid. 2020 is unstoppable.
I want GME to be the thing that forces MM to lobby against Robinhood. I want this fucking thing to squeeze to Rigel 7.
Yeah, but looking at that run up you really don't think it's priced in by now?
[deleted]
thursday was green too

it's  not saying it will pass, what it's saying is the market doesn't care about the stimulus anymore
Its a loss porn sub
Out of all the many pornstars available, you picked Belle to rub one out to? 😞
r/politically_nsfw has what you’re looking for and more
ok its not like a plug powercell its more like a mini gas dispenser a pretty small storage for h2 - so not a big thing for energy more for vaperz, insulin pumps and dispensers

&#x200B;

it all goes under their microbattery line [https://www.varta-microbattery.com/de/](https://www.varta-microbattery.com/de/)

 The mercury-free hydrogen gas generation cells from VARTA Microbattery offer an optimal solution for mobile, stand-alone medical applications, such as vaccination or infusion systems. The VARTA range includes gas generation cells with highly pure hydrogen for all types of displacement of fluid, paste, gel and granular substances, or for analysis/sensor applications. 

[https://products.varta-microbattery.com/products/h2-cells/technology-description.html](https://products.varta-microbattery.com/products/h2-cells/technology-description.html)
How do you do it bro ? I am 30 and can't relate at all to anything below 26 the lack of maturity is mind boggling.
No🥰
Firing up a joint and some Netflix, happy Saturday lads
Uhhh beavis
Yep , I told my friend this but he’s scared of cards mean while I made like $1k+ back on my cards this year from on all expenses which include paying bills, investing in my side business and necessities. Just boring normal people shit
Thats how they used to clear the snow and how cities currently melt the snow piles ( though they have jet engines ).  I feel like many people on this thread have never lived in the north and know nothing of salt/sand that people put down to prevent freezing before the snow even hits.  In the north, the trick is to stay ahead of the large accumulations to keep things reasonable to clear.
Iron fucking hands my friend not all have it
Anyone else kinda worried about how popular BFT is getting? Are we gonna get cucked?
[deleted]
Houses man
Not necessarily - the purpose of custom threshold would be to draw my attention to a possible sleeping giant, not to simply replace the news.
As did I. Was a great pod cast 👍
Interesting I thought iodine was poison
Could anyone update me on the stimmy package?🤤
topping up GME
[https://media.bizj.us/view/img/3873531/cartman-south-park-twitter-ubjjpg-large\*1200xx946-532-0-16.png](https://media.bizj.us/view/img/3873531/cartman-south-park-twitter-ubjjpg-large*1200xx946-532-0-16.png)
[deleted]
Yea, well, ya know...that’s just like...your opinion man.
[deleted]
Yes! The guy above me mentioned them and I have confused it sorry! Still stand by what I said though
Agreed I spread my positions across the 4 following expirations.  Still think the UVXY is the better choice vs VIX, VIXY or VXX contango / correlation seems to be the closest. Thoughts?
I will be messaging you in 2 days on [**2020-12-29 04:10:47 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2020-12-29%2004:10:47%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://np.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kkwah6/fucking_genius_idea_we_create_a_wsb_trust_fund/gh4xj6g/?context=3)

[**1 OTHERS CLICKED THIS LINK**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fkkwah6%2Ffucking_genius_idea_we_create_a_wsb_trust_fund%2Fgh4xj6g%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202020-12-29%2004%3A10%3A47%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%20kkwah6)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|
Uber, you son of a gun, if I wasn’t already in I WOULD BE after reading this hotness

Anyone looking to enter:

TL;DR buy shares

Please be careful in this high IV environment and grab some shares, grab some options if we see IV drop. It’s not worth fighting IV and theta when you will still make money on shares. It is possible to be completely right about strike and date and still lose money to IV/theta

Edit: need rockets

🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
I realized as soon as I posted this that I put it in the wrong place, but I bet you rejects can relate, so fuck it.
u/zjz is the type of guy who would borrow your car and return it filled with gas.
Fair enough
Jizz
the 2018 situation didnt have a 9 month backlog of projects around the planet that were put on PAUSE suddenly resuming at once...cant compare the two situations.
[removed]
Apple's electric plane... AirPlane?
....
A bit of TA always helps

Too much TA = 🤡🤡🤡

100% TA? Never go full retard
[deleted]
Deez nuts.
California right now

> UWU Covidaddy me want your bulgy wulgy

the absolute state of America.
Good fuckin god, people.  It's 14 Dec data that was just made available this week.  The exchanges require the data to be reported TWICE PER MONTH,  and the data is made public basically a week after the 1st/15th-ish.  Try fucking googling something once in a while instead of asking the same dumb shit that other dumb shits have all posted before you.

Edit: you fuckin idiots will probably not even do that, so here's a link.  https://www.finra.org/filing-reporting/regulatory-filing-systems/short-interest
!remindme in 2 days
before that happens invest in GME

that's pretty much TSLA this coming year
[deleted]
Anything could happen. Its China. You might be watching CNBC Monday and there's Jack Ma doing a perp walk in an orange jumpsuit. No telling what happens, jmo.
I might but shares because that theta burn is real. Good luck.
Ugh DUMBO god dammit. I gotta start profit readying BEFORE submitting
>Roth 401k is only 19.5k limit whereas an after-tax contribution is \~57k

I'm not understanding this at all. Roth IRA/401k contributions are \*already\* after-tax. Roth 401k employee non-catchup contribution limit is 19.5K (after-tax contribution); employer contribution bucket can take this to 57k max Roth 401k limit, exactly as I wrote.

&#x200B;

>Yes a roth contribution and a after-tax contribution are completely different.

Again, not following this at all. Maybe a semantic distinction that has no bearing on outcome? Always happy to learn.

Yes on the megabackdoor Roths. Roth IRAs also allow for some very interesting options tax planning, which I wouldn't dare write to another soul.
[deleted]
Yesterday morning I didn't know who Belle Delphine was...thanks to this sub...I have seen her butthole. ❤
Yeah I’m waiting to hope in arkg leaps or ICLN leaps too. I own arkg and arkk shares. I think there will be a good dip at some point. Plan on maxing out my margin on leaps at that time.
I don't want to die, I'm not really depressed; I just don't see a future anymore. I don't see a path I want to be on from where I'm at.
Anyone else buy the SQ and BABA dip
[removed]
CLDR thoughts ?
just search it dude, its all over the place
NIO is now named GUMBO because that fat fucker who everyone is betting against will fucking fly
you are all fools. i am 69 with 1 pltr call
Buying $32 leap on market open
Man i hope fubo goes up this week those fuckers keep going down
I bought one and flipped it on eBay for $1300 a couple months later, I still miss it
Well done soldier
So, what’re we buying this week?
Same, 2 shares. Still holding.
No stimmy, unemployment bennies about to expire, GOP internal conflict. What do these all have in common? Bullish indicators, buy more calls.exe
Retard was wrong and can’t admit he was wrong. Anything worse than that?
Well I think cruises could resume here soon. May get a good pump before may. TBH I am a little freaked out by the ark funds because they’re so run up but maybe I’m just a (())
This made me cringe bad
it seems that for commodities there is a disconnect between the commodities price and its respective stock price. once that ER hits in Feb tho, the connection will definitely be made. BTW the stock is up 30% in the past 35 days is that not enough pump for you LOL
Trash post is trash
I literally gave you price targets for next week? What more do you want? I cant hold you f'ing hand while you trade and lose money.  Did you even read or just piggy back off the haters because you lack originality...
oh right, maybe they want it to look amateur. I prefer pro stuff though
[deleted]
reddit teir shit, ban.
Anyone else play this song for their high school grad?

Fuaark it brings back so many memories.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fcmFH5OvdtA
DUMBO
Sorry, its actually more DD than most stuff with charts and numbers and shit 🤣
[removed]
I'm changing the name of NIO to gummy. It wait. What was the elephants name? Gumbo?
[deleted]
Rounding the corner straight into Hell.

Mutant Covid.
Quit this bullshit.... It’s fully priced. The only rocket you need to hop on is GME 🚀🚀🚀
TLDR GME stonks go up 🚀🚀🚀

Personally I don't need GME to win in 2-10 years from now, I just need it to last long enough (like a year max, and that's very conservative for when this possible squeeze might happen) and for the share price to rise to a level that the shorts get really fucked from paying a premium that they have no other option but to buy shares causing a spike in price!

On an actual long term outlook the company is also extremely promising as well! If you want to know there are hundreds of of DD on the sub or watch this fantastic video 

https://youtu.be/alntJzg0Um4

Summary and other details:
- gaming market is booming and continuing to grow
- they have no debt and 600 million reserves, so their evaluation is way out of whack IMO
- recent closure of non profitable stores
- a desire for physical disc copies always to be available and a focus on selling a more variety of technologies 
- new console release which will be in the q4 earning report in Marcb 
- a holiday sales report in January 
- most importantly Ryan Cohen!! He has amazing e-commerce experience with Chewy and can successfully transition the company through this new period. He recently doubled down on shares  ensuring his involvement in some capacity


There is actually more i'm leaving out too. Short and long term plans for the company are quite strong tbh. Which is why a GME play is really reallly strong atm
Just stroke the furry wall.
Bet Trump is the one who plays the Weekend Dow
mayonnaise
I’m salivating now
‘14 Larkmead LMV Salon.
Au jus
So you’re saying STLD?
this isn't a porn sub, sir.
[removed]
why are they making electric planes now?
I know fuck all about the behind the scenes of ETF’s, but a WSB ETF sounds fun as fuck. Is this even a possibility? Perhaps if anyone on this sub is currently tied to Wallstreet we could get something started?
BBQ sauce
wow ur dick must really be small if it fits in a champagne bottle 🥂 🍾
I would have rather bought a spy 375c 0DTE  then pay to watch Wonder Woman holy shit
Give her a high fat diet and iodine
Horseradish
How did you put 200K into those accounts if those are the yearly limits? That's the part I'm not following. I believe (without going back to the original post) that you did that in a couple of years (maybe three?). How?

Edit: ok I see what you wrote. I think it's a bit misleading. You could have been contributing for a decade for all we know, but you make it seem like you started contributing in 2018.
I’m up 6.24 on hecla mining
Week-end Dow > Futures > Markets open
not a big real estate fan but good for you, hope it happens.
That's because they only post the data twice a month, roughly a week after the date... thus 14 Dec is literally the current, up-to-date data.   Google shit before you shit post.
>[Global Times](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Global_Times)

The Global Times (simplified Chinese: 环球时报; traditional Chinese: 環球時報; pinyin: Huánqiú Shíbào) is a daily tabloid newspaper under the auspices of the Chinese Communist Party's People's Daily newspaper, commenting on international issues from a nationalistic perspective.\[1\]\[2\]\[3\]\[4\] The publication has been labelled by some scholars and writers as "China's Fox News" due to its nationalistic slant.\[5\]\[6\]

The newspaper has spread unfounded conspiracy theories and disinformation related to the COVID-19 pandemic;\[7\]\[8\]\[9\] it is part of a broader set of Chinese state-run-media outlets forming part of the Chinese government's propaganda apparatus.\[10\]  


tldr- you are an actual retard
Mm... nah I just look at whatever meme tickers people mention and usually just YOLO into those
Did you try coke mixed with heroin?
No bueno
Doesn’t even deserve the title of retard. This guy is just a straight up moron
You got this - goodluck. I am just starting my career at 35, if its any conciliation.
Yes
I have a good career but the work just isn't interesting any longer. I'm trying to save money and keep the portfolio growing so I can retire early and income invest
Cracker Barrel
To retire and be financially free before I have kids.  Getting close.  Age 31.  GF age 23.
Cheers! 🍷 What do you drinking?
!Remindme 1 year
[deleted]
MyYolo
Does this moron not realize that by the time it’s gone up it’s too late lmao
Trying to get a life where I can stay in bed and look at my phone for as long as I want
$PLUG when it was around $4. Still holding it now
Anyone expecting Amazon to put out awesome holiday sales numbers this Monday??
Link it
go on robinhood then options and buy as many GME 35c 12/31 as you can
[deleted]
Bugle Boys
Don’t do it till the new year
Nice. Cheers you autist.
Hell ya man. Nothing saying green hulk dildos more than .04 peekend pow numbers
I got a share of apple
[deleted]
Puts on Golden Corral patrons.
Ban
Pics or ban
i’m freakin out man
shh 🤫 *stimulus*
If you lose money, you won't need to pay taxes! Get fucked IRS!
I wanna talk to his dad.
if...   it’s legit. Big IF.
I think she trends back down.... I wanna believe
good read your mod status at r/investing is hereby approved.   no seriously yer 99% right
Started in feb with a 366% gain overall. Hyped to keep it going
Yes taking market share from a company is always great. One thing it’s 100% good for is 🍏
No ticker, no strike price/date. SAD!
Yooo. Steel cock 3/19 30c gangggg!  Currently not doing well...
Any other VALEivers riding with us to VALEhalla?
Read this DD first. It should give you a basic background on GME. Hop aboard before it's too late. Or not, do whatever you want. 

 [The REAL Greatest Short Burn of the Century Part III: GME Infinity War : wallstreetbets (reddit.com)](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/k4csaa/the_real_greatest_short_burn_of_the_century_part/)
bullish
AOC got some nice boobies
Standard Operating Procedure for retards
internet is for normies
just looked the new belle delphine vid. Disappointing to be honest. She needs to improve her positioning, its too akward
Same
I had my girlfriend sign up in february. She got $PLUG at 4.xx 😤
NIO will fly!
I am trying to get enough to purchase a plot of land 4-5 acres in the southern Appalachian mountains and eventually put some solar powered tiny homes out there for Airbnb and personal use
* with qualifying deposit and referral link.....
[deleted]
in the process of typing up a novella of a discussion post about an economy of equal contribution: rat and human. think “Planet of The Apes: Ratatouille Edition.” Position: $69P DIS exp4/20
Covid Daily Death Rate HIGHER than Highest on Record.
I got that question too. Reddit is even gayer than the mods here
Same story. Still Had to turn the ac up
SPACs at NAV on margin are the way
[deleted]
Some Merlot.🍷
I'm drunk. I think NIO will fly
When's that?
How did u find this old ass comment
[deleted]
[deleted]
Imagine thinking WSB could pump and dump a company with a mkt cap of 25b and over 1b shares outstanding 😂 MT
I’m in.
Sell all that crap and hop on a rocket called GME 🚀🚀🚀
all options by the looks of it. try buying a stonk next time
[deleted]
omg thanks for the weekend dow update I’m so happy you provided that for us
I got Zynga at like $4.02. Sold around $4.70. Still one of my most successful trades to date.
Deposit more money, get access to margin, yolo it all on GME shares
Mark Hanna: OK, first rule of Wall Street - Nobody - and I don't care if you're Warren Buffet or Jimmy Buffet - nobody knows if a stock's going up, down or fucking sideways, least of all stockbrokers. But we have to pretend we know.
What wine are you drinking?
[deleted]
he’s honestly the financial advice *most* people **need.**

If you have no problem following his basic and barebones advice, you can move on.
I'm drunk...I think apple will fly
Tldr
A new use for their old 640x480 kinect
Literally can’t go tits up🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
[deleted]
> from Chinese press and investors.

They are unloading their bags and you're lapping it up lmao. 50% isn't even shit. I did 100% on ARKG last week and I don't gotta worry about no bullshit. You quoted Global Times which is a fucking TABLOID that they call "China's Fox News"
just dollar cost average my friend and diamond hands
All June 30 34c 30 35c
Tesla leaps
Back in the oil bull days, refineries were exploding, rigs capsizing. Nobody gave a fuck. Now is no different w/ steel.
xl 2 valhalla
Miami is my hood lmk when you gays are down here
[deleted]
Big if true. Rich family member die?
My grams didn’t recognize or know who I was today. Calls on Alzheimer’s
like you are some deadbeat reporter know whats going on between jack ma and the CCP. its a huge risk. theres alot of unknown here. thats why its selling off so hard. like some fucking clown reporter knows what xi jinping is thinking LOL.
I’d rather die less poor
Who is thsi Melvin capital you guys are battling?
[deleted]
No but kinda
On one of my teams I had kamara, brady, fournette and evans. What a glorious day. I’m running away with the championship. 

In my other league I have kamara and evans. I’m expecting to win that championship too by a good margin. I’m truly blessed.
Is good huh? ☺️
🔱eekend 🅿️ow is saying with certainty that stimulus will pass. They have a man on the inside with Trump 👀
Put a bunch of money into my trading account that have i accumulated over the past 10 years, bought the dip in march and have been riding the wave since.  I was only up about 30% before that, then doubled over the past year.  I was a bit hesitant a first because i already have money in a 401k and i dont like all my eggs in one basket, well mostly as i have some beecoin.    


Since lurking and then joining WSB, i have been seeing daily swings of 5-10k ( not sure how you people do it since i am constantly checking my account now ).  I used to checked it once every few weeks or when news came across my feeds for one of the stonks i was in.  My personal feelings right now are that options are full casino, doesnt matter what stock.  I play a lot of black jack at the casinos when in vegas, so i can recognize game when i see it...  currently toe dipping those though.
This will blow your mind

https://www.reddit.com/r/thecorporation/comments/kbesqe/the_equity_nirvana_and_doom_loop_cycles/
all of them 1.7 million
Neither, it’s about Tendies. Ban.
[deleted]
Doesn’t take into account IV.
Short or long tho?
Deal
[removed]
I want to play them for the upside but I'm waiting for a catalyst. Mudrick just went in but hes been selling shares
Africa
Can’t tell if serious or trolling. I don’t know of any working adult that hasn’t heard of Zscaler or Moderna.
Bought 01/15 10c for .58 when I first stumbled onto it. To bad I only bought 5 contracts back then. Loading up for March ever since.
Damn. Guess everyone should sell their shares in like every single hot stock right now since pretty much all of them have 5x in last 6 months. We are not in a typical market right now man. You gotta figure it out or you’ll regret it the rest of your life. This is some historical shit.  And for the record I have 12k in Psth for months now. I’m just not buying more bc it’s for all intents and purposes a fucking high yield savings account.
Wtf. Way too many + signs. Clearly doing things wrong.
[removed]
No
Drunk rn and really money getting isn't on my mind atm. Disappointed in myself for that so....

What's your motivation for "money getting"? 

Don't want to hear from fathers or high schoolers please, and if the goal is a watch or a car I will refer you to the Oscar Wilde quote. "There are only 2 tragedies in life one is not getting what you want , the other is getting it."

I want to hear from 27-35 year old single men and women.
Most of its funny af tbh. Bunch of salty women who let loser cum in them
uk
What?!? I never got 100 bucks.
That's literally what this place is for
british
you're pretty ignorant about Chinese affairs.  I've read alot of Analysis from Chinese press and investors.

You literally don't know what you're talking about which is why you're going to miss out on the easiest 50% of your investing career.
Mine
[deleted]
New Mypillow
This guy thinks
[deleted]
Is r/wallstreetbets about internet culture or memes? **YES OR NO** 😤
Yeah hopefully fdx does something other than go down for a little while that would be great. Already cut losses on my 270c’s. Heavy bag holding feb 300 and 290
1/29 17p
I live near there and this shit happens not infrequently.
Fuck you, Brian
I believe it is British American Tobacco or $BTI
[deleted]
Get a lineup and basic Spanish.
Initial private offering
fancy
Motha fucker pissed me the fick off
Just here for the music
It won’t be stripe. Get triggered, bitch.
belle delphine is not american? where is she from?
If Adam Khoo is buying more baba , that’s good enough for me 😁
Tampa orlando Jacksonville ft Lauderdale Daytona beach
Contributions can get pulled tax free, those contributions can be rolled over from a traditional IRA and used after 5 years... So basically you should be buying gme through every fucking avenue available
I’m going to admit that I was very wrong about the stimulus. I really thought they would find a way to push it out. I was very convinced that trump would want to go out with a bang and somehow get it done. Going out like a little fizzle though. Then when Biden comes in there will probably be another grid lock about it again. Different president same problems 🤷

Positions: SPY 375C 9/30 and selling a 376C 12/31
In Vito we trust.
He doesn't have $5 of advice worth to give
[deleted]
Take some profits
What’s the outlook for RIOT on Monday? Sadly not holding any calls but do have some shares.
Who’s ass do I gotta eat for a flair round these parts
they're called hookers, please
You’re not doing anything wrong
the one you're not in
[deleted]
Eh, Hitler was pretty cool I guess
GOEV. 🛶
So are stimulus talks still going well or not? Where’s my $2000 at?
burnt out? it didnt even start LOL the stock has had 4 analyst upgrades since the original DD and the price of steel just NOW hit 2008 levels. commodity plays always lag when it comes to the commodity in question and the stock associated with it. people here talking about GME and TSLA still and hating on a solid play lol gtfoutta here
I got PACB because of him like 7 years ago...just breaking even now, didnt ever sell cause it was such a small position
[deleted]
Also, EBAY. Do some DD on this one. I think there is something there and LEAPs are still affordable.
You can just buy them 6 months out and keep rolling them.
[removed]
You won’t find anywhere else in Florida even close to Miami when it comes to Hispanic chicks, and you get some variety too
Charles’s Schwab doesn’t give you 1 free share. They give you 100 bucks.
Meme connoisseur
KC Chiefs v NO Saints will be the superbowl. Chiefs by 3 in overtime.
It’s tech steel tho bro! Lol
Whats the next/current meme stock?
Load tf up on calls and meet me at the moon brother
The Chinese don't investigate people or companies they like, they investigate people who will be be locked up forever or companies they want to be state run.  They know BABA is a beautiful cash cow like you do but have different interests.
No one cares abt covid. It has such a low fatality rate. It wouldn't matter even if everyone in the world gets it
Haha jokes on them I'm already homeless
What else do u want fucker
Where is this intel?
That sounds nice right now, or white wine with pasta
The slogan for 2021
[deleted]
2nd strain coming. Vaccine may be effective but may not. I personally think if it was effective we'd have heard about it by now. 2+ weeks is plenty of time for them to have confirmed this. Somethings not right.
I suppose one of the methods would be to buy puts on exterminator companies
I’m in
position or GTFO
Meant 2022 LEAPS
My
Ovaries 
Fucking
Cum all
Over your
Mum
Read it. It will probably help and gives a less retarded, more data driven perspective.
I'll save another $30 for some vintage Belle Delphine bathwater too
[deleted]
Fucking boomers
hookers and stocks go hand in hand my boy
[deleted]
[deleted]
my badddddddd wow theres a rocket ok gonna build back half of my positions first thing tm  


and appreciate ur research/insights as always  🙏
does it let it play around with IV?
True on ARKG. 
I’m also a believer in AYX, I have 2021 LEAPs but I bought them quite a while ago. Looking now, the premiums are kind of stupid for 2023,  pricing growth in apparently.
With a hammer maybe
going to try to buy Mondays dip due to the factory explosion ... thinking April / June calls
He got INO right, company sucks the big one.
Just started trading on June. In the stocks part of my portfolio I'm up 258%. Feels good man.
It's called gambling addiction. Trading stocks should not feel this way. It should feel like a day job, where you do some work and trade, then leave it after market closes.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Great example of the WSB kiss of death. Ran up for 2 months and then peaked exactly when WSB learned about it
There should be a secondary market that plays the casino exclusively on weekends and holidays.
Oh daddy let me hear some more
[deleted]
Why is the co.in at 26k? 🤡🤡 20k was the entry point I guess.
flair checks out! lmao....im actually visiting south florida from san diego right now and the amount of fine latinas around here is horrible compared to SoCal
Then you haven’t been to Miami lmao.
I'd also add that once these assholes figure out they own the rights to produce any film adaptation of Harry Potter (you know, the #1 selling book series of all time. OF. ALL. TIME), they should be able to rake in the HBO Max subscribers with Harry Potter TV series. Can't be that hard to get J.K. Rowling to sign off on it. Sheesh.
Rogue Territory

Look at Blue Owl for jawns
https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kidiv0/aapl_ev_is_good_for_tesla/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf

It’s a good thing for Tesla
Keep 10 for a bottle of Lysol for your neckbeard nest.
Good DD
Kanye has also be quieted saying he’s the “only one to check Nike”
Wow. MGNI. What a bargain, thanks for the suggestion. I don’t see any downside to investing in a company that has gone over 5x in the last 4 months. Much less downside than the biggest spac of all time backed by $20 per share with free warrants attached. Loser.
just download the app OPC
I'm bout to get some margin in this ho
Dude every day I consider making a DD and then I think, nah, lemme just stock up a lil more first
I wish I had some good cheese with this wine. 😐
please dont

buy american
I lived in Florida all my life. It had always been like this. So stfu
[deleted]
9000 dollars on red
I guarantee you WSB can not pump and dump a 23b company with 1b+ shares outstanding. If you can actually explain why it is a similar situation then please do.
salt
Just a creep old man you use to buy cigarettes off of lol. I remember me and my boy would stand outside liquor marts and offer a bum the change if he bought us a bottle of tequila. Wild times.
With nonstop, pop pop of stainless steel. ELON x X
We would need to start our own country to avoid taxation.  Retardistan? Autistria?  Any thoughts?
Better than scratch offs in my stocking
Read? Wtf is that?
🤤
GME probably gonna pop Monday to complete the Batman
I’m amazed that people are still sleeping on RIOT
Simp4cathie
[deleted]
AMC is currently at 2.55 

Maybe one day it’ll go to the moon
PLTR is exactly what you’re looking for retard
[deleted]
Woke up today thinking it was already Sunday and tomorrow could wake up to green and red dildos, and feel the rush of both dopamine and adrenaline.

Then realized it was still Saturday 12 noon and got depressed.
Whole Lotta Disappointment
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GxZuq57\_bYM](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GxZuq57_bYM)
Oh no this one is definitely a flame thrower. Check out X Products Flame Thrower
Today pretty good, but a lot can change in a year or so and it doesn’t account for that
My dude with the DD said long term/leaps. Niggass really be buying weeklies on em and expect to be itm lmao
Amneal pharma, March 10th
https://youtu.be/SD7sw0bf1ms

Watch this video over and over again until you get it. And if you still don’t get it watch it again and again. That’s what I did
“Too slow for me” holy fuck we’re at the top
r u in the netherlands?
This includes pegging with the gf
Its Florida. What do you expect
[removed]
Withdraw \~15k (or whatever is just below your starting amount) and set your timeframe to 1 month or 3 month. It will display it as being up an absurd multi-thousand % amount. 

Then you can re-post here for bigger karma with a title like "started with $500 and gained 5000% in 3 months"
Gonna donate my $2k stimmy to belle delphine
Earnings are down 85% YoY last quarter and that won’t change for Q4 or Q1 2020, given the country’s lockdown policies this month... I see it going down much below $9 for a while
[deleted]
I totally agree. Thanks for your input, goals are necessary otherwise you may as well just be gambling. People like you give me faith in humanity
Have to assume IV
I'm only selling puts and calls so I'm not that worried
You are the true definition of an internet troll. A hater. Man, woman, child, or inchworm.  whatever you are know this, A hater + troll = depressed loser. Seek some help and turn your life around.  It’s not to late yet.
i think if the numbers are right, then its pretty accurate actually
These guys > 🌈🐻
Are you legit dumb?
fuse
That and the fact they seem to think you get the full dividend on a single date. The div would only be 1.875%. As silly as the logic is though I still think its a somewhat smart play and think T is going to have a bit of a run leading up to q4 ER.
Plus he would flip houses in 90 days and lost everything 😂🔥🤯
You know that feeling when you’re flying and hit rough turbulence, and it feels like your prayers are the only thing  keeping you from crashing? Like if you just hope hard enough it’ll work out? Can anyone confirm if this works for stocks? Like forget the science and engineering of it all, just hold on to your little peen for dear life and pray.
[deleted]
After 10 minutes of research I am certain I won't go to jail for this as long as I report the failures correctly.
Guh
ok easy there
[removed]
Jack Ma is one bad speech away from being disappeared and the Chinese people are selling off their BABA. This isn't America where you pay a fine and get let loose. He already happily pays the bribes when they squeeze him, this is China. If it was a matter that would be easily resolved by a bribe or fine it would have never gone this far.
Now is the time. Look at the top apps on the App Store right now:

HBO max is #5 overall for free apps and #2 in entertainment (behind tiktok). This stock may actually move once official numbers are reported.
Do you know what sub you’re on?
Gme is a pump and dump. If you do it be smart and attentive.
NVAX is gonna drop a 97% effective bomb on the world during US premarket Monday morning. $200 by EOW
First day here?
started right after march after the huge dip. Bought some shares knowing they'd eventually go back up. I think i started with around 1500. Went up like 20%, discovered options in September when everything dipped, lost like 70%

 Bet on NIO then PLTR and made 3k, which i immediately continued gambling with and lost. Kept buying weeklies in other meme stocks and kept getting fucked. 

Down to $400 currently. I think im done with options for now. (at least weeklies).
I don’t get it either. I have no conviction to play it either way. I will watch this play out from the sidelines and try to learn from it either way. Also put money on BABA calls expiring Thursday, so not worth listening to.
dorks with money, I presume.
China bill ackman will take China public via spac
Fellas is it gay to jerk it to Buzz Lightyear?
That's wild.  I didn't know he tweeted that.

I'm still shook.  This is one of the craziest things that's happened on web.
mommy and daddy money really went to work for you
3 martini lunch is more important
[deleted]
November was a magical time to start trading, nice timing. I hope it continues to be that way.
> apples to oranges

But you can still compare them.
TSLA - I haven't looked into what that is yet though
Yeah I know man, I'm old and don't care about going out that much and I feel it.
how accurate is [https://www.optionsprofitcalculator.com/](https://www.optionsprofitcalculator.com/) for calculating leaps and such?
I only ask for money for holidays it's the play. It's free yolos can't go tits up
DD🚀🚀
Lol I love the turn this post took
[deleted]
Positions?
What’s the news
Market can't crash while the fed is doing 120b a week in asset purchases + zirp.
Clicked in because I thought it said “first time gangbang.” I’m on the wrong sub.
Umm yes let's forget the UK
Its had 4 Analyst upgrades since his original DD a few weeks back...
Bro, MT is a massive company. Compared to tankers? Cmon now. You’re comparing apples to oranges.
I was never joking when I said I'd smash Nancy Pelosi
lol, says a lot about the fashion sense of WSB. All neckbeards. 2nd Acne. Also Neuw Denim and Nudie Jeans.
Do it again
Man I dropped that credit card and basically gave myself a raise, uncle Dave is right about some shit and completely off on other shit.
I’m fairly certain they will go with tokopedia considering they’ve even spoken about it publicly
Why are you putting this dd in this forum?  This is daytrading. Tell me what’s happening on Monday not next week month or year.  That’s why the hate. Try. r/option or /r/stocks or even /r/wallstreetbets. All three of those forums are much better places for your DD.
If I were you I would Just go all in ($45k) on IPOF 02/19 $10c and don’t forget about me when it goes to $21 in 2 months and you have $200,000.00 in your account
Interesting re your current plays. Tell me more. Do you think they have more to go? What are your positions?
The RV bomber in nashville damaged the ATnT building in nashville which shut down cell phone, tv, internet and 911 service throughout the region
Roth's are the most flexible in regards to withdrawels. Your contributions you make are able to be withdrawn at any time. 
Check here for the exemptions for taking out yours gains before 59.5.
https://www.schwab.com/ira/roth-ira/withdrawal-rules

6,000 a year limit and your gains are untaxed. You know why the government puts a 6,000 limit a year on it? Bc they want your tax money. A roth is a good deal. They allow your 6,000 contribution for 2020 to be made up till April 15ish of 2021. Which means on January 1st you can contribute for both years for a total of 12,000.
I wonder how many acres of ramen you can buy with 50k
Yeah I was about to write a post then remembered this was for kids who don't read good. Decided to do a graphic instead. Took some time, but glad you retards like it.
Bullish enough for me but seems obvious what is it relative to general spending?
[deleted]
Your mom
This man fucks. Also check out APC. Don’t buy mall jeans OP
what positions you got baby? lets talk about em.
20k->1.9 mil this year
VALE had a much bigger factory catastrophe and it didnt affect their stock price much so we are good.
It’s only gay if you cum
[deleted]
PLTR 21c 1/15
Jumping into an empty pool
So when the market dips you have no recovery. Smart!
I have CVX, PSX, and RDS.A shares 

Everyone go fill up your car tomorrow at 5:50PM
He edited it my dude. Most of this stuff wasn’t there when I first saw it
[deleted]
I’m all in
Exactly.
One of the better mods this place has had.
Still not touching BABA but I appreciated this
Same!
Yeah, the price typically drops whatever amount is paid out/share....then generally recovers within a week or two. Or just sell it 30 minutes before close on the run-up. Easy $$
[deleted]
They are trying to unload direct tv for 15 billion as well. They paid like 60. I do own 37c 2023 leaps tho. HBO could finally hit a home run.
wow that steel shit with MT got burnt out pretty quick huh
i know its kinda a joke on here but i think cathie wood actually is hot
[removed]
Mawp mawp mawwwp
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QXw6YZltKJk](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QXw6YZltKJk)
I guess I should YOLO my $6k into $GME? I already have 100 shares but i'm hungry
prolly cause u didn't even watch wonder woman 1 thru 1983
TL;DR - No shame in enjoying trading, but have an end goal.

You’re in the market at the craziest time period since dotcom. Trading has a way of sucking you into the minuscule day-to-day movements, really gets the synapses firing. Most of a stock’s lifetime % movements only happen in a few trading days. You might find this shit more interesting for now, but make sure you make time for family even if you can’t relate to them.

IMO there’s no point for trading or investing without some sort of end goal. Buying your parents home (very tax efficient gift) or helping pay for your siblings and cousins’ education will do a lot for the inter-generational growth of your family’s fortunes. To me that’s more important than yachts and cars. 

Trading for the sake of trading will statistically leave you no better off than Jesse Livermore.
I hope they start pumping this piece of crap Canoo. Not even sure why I bought it.
So true, I was however able to catch it magically   couple times in the past with cash rich adrs that have weird payout schedule and covered options. Like shi and snp.
176x April 30c's bought at $1 a piece. break even is $31. For every dollar the stock goes above $31, i gain around $.50-$1 per contract. PLUS the time value added to the contract. My $17,500 could literally be worth $150,000-200,000 if we go past $40 boys
Just wondering who would follow advice of someone who hasn’t proved they make any tendies.
I really wanted an interaction between him and Michael, that would've been amazing
Depends on the fam, fam.
have u actually been in a gamestop? they still more plastic trinkets and shit than anything. no way the becoming the next amzn. neeyah pleez
Read his second fucking paragraph.
Only time will tell
No.
Free money couldn’t be spelled more clearly
It ain’t going down for a LONG time if it doesn’t drop on Monday....which it should fucking MOON if all you autistic retards buy shares like you’re supposed to 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
True, but I think the hype might give it a nice push over 50
What did you do with yours? I sold it right away and bought pltr lol then ended up buying fcel the other day like a retard
Hearing rumors that Trump is going to wait until 11:59pm and then pretend he can't find a pen, then say "oh well" and go to bed
Yeah but this could be Maverick from Top Gun for all we know
Not funny, I'm not laughing
[deleted]
Let's back up, since you've turned this retarded debate into collars now, when I was talking about writing calls. You said this in reference to OP's protective collar:

>It’s not a “very bearish” position it’s slightly bullish

Selling calls and buying puts are BOTH bearish positions. Since you're so fond of Investopedia maybe you should look up what the fuck it actually means to sell a call and buy a put. Selling a call obligates you to sell shares, which isn't a fucking long/bullish position. Buying a put gives you the option to sell at the strike which again, isn't a fucking long position as you're hoping the stock goes lower than whatever it currently is. That's the entire point of buying a put - to short sell stock. And upon this moronic rock of yours, you've built your stupid ass debate with me. Let's continue, as I doubt you know there are 2 types of collars.

- Bullish Collar: When you SELL a put and use the premium to BUY a call. (not what we're talking about here)
- Bearish Collar/Protective Collar: When you SELL a call and use the premium to BUY a put. (what OP suggested but didn't do)

>Protective collars are considered a bearish-to-neutral strategy. The loss in a protective collar is limited, but so is the potential upside.
>https://www.investopedia.com/articles/optioninvestor/08/protective-collar-bullish-collar.asp

Continuing...

>Selling a call is a short position as is buying a put. It's a double short, so yes, it's very bearish.
>>You’re wrong. The max profit occurs at the strike of the short call. (you)

You jumped to max profit which is irrelevant to whether a position is bearish or bullish. Every position has a max profit point. If I buy a put there's a max profit point somewhere below where the stock is trading. And I already said you can be profitable by having your shares called away higher than whatever you paid for them, either with a short call or a collar, as long as the strike is above your cost basis, you can be profitable. But that doesn't make it a fucking bullish position. Do you understand yet?

Let's say you have a $20 stock. You can either sell a $25 covered call for $2/share, or use the $2 to buy a put for further downside protection. If you sell the call now, and the price goes up to $24, that call is probably worth $4 now, so you're $200 underwater on your short call because the stock didn't move down, it went up. That doesn't mean you can't keep the original $200 premium and however much you make off the shares being called away at expiration. It means you can't exit your short position/buy your contract back without doing so at a loss, which is why that contract is seen as a loss by basically every trading app. It's simple. You sold something short, it's now worth more than what you sold it for. You would have to lose money to buy to close. I'm not talking about expiration to close.

Now with the collar you take the premium and buy a put, so there is no credit or debit. So the best you can hope for is that your shares are called away at the strike price. Otherwise if it expires just below, you make and lose nothing. And if it falls into your put hedge, you'll still be at a loss since the put won't 100% cover all downside, but it covers most of it. So yes, max profit is at the strike. Can't make anything above it, can't make anything below it. But it is STILL a bearish position. The entire purpose of a protective collar is to hedge against downside risk.

>I sell calls every week.

That doesn't mean you understand jack shit Mr. Investopedia.

>This strategy is often used to hedge against the risk of loss on a long stock position
>https://www.investopedia.com/articles/optioninvestor/08/protective-collar-bullish-collar.asp

Used to hedge a long position. Hedges on long positions aren't bullish. From your own link:

>“Additionally, the investor might also consider it if they are bullish on the stock over the long term, but are unsure of shorter term prospects.”

They're used for short term protection through volatile events, most commonly earnings. Protective collars are great for earnings plays.

>Since they are willing to risk sacrificing gains on the stock above the covered call's strike price, **this is not a strategy for an investor who is extremely bullish on the stock**.

That's from your own fucking article.

>Your confidence is amazing.

The irony of this statement. If you're going to get in someone's face, make sure you know your shit beyond misquoting Investopedia. I'm done with this idiocy now.

Putting all that aside, I wish you luck and hope you make money.
[deleted]
Ive been doing this for years. By right before div payout and go all in and sell after. Makes you rich so fast. Try it!
Just your average wsb brain malfunction
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/randomherointotreeo the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Everyone hates GameStop in America. They are greedy cheap fucks who try to give their own loyal customers $1 for their trade in games. Their reputation is shit and Amazon/Walmart can do everything GS can do and more/better.
by when? i’m looking at the 17.5c for march
Yah, it’s probably good to split a 401k between Growth, Aggressive Growth, Growth and Income, and International, if you’re 65, but that’s for someone that doesn’t constantly look at shit. I have friends that have never even looked at their 401k.
He's a child so.... XXX or SEXY
Stocktwits is pretty sure it is Subway or Chick-fil-A. Because both of these are fin tech unicorns.
Will be $200 after the 5:1 split this coming May.
😂
Roku, SQ, TTD
You mf
I love that this is literally the argument that got the shorts in the trouble theyre in now hahaha.
Get a real job at a reputable company like KFC or Kroger and get a steady pay check. Then check this sub and laugh at all the losers while they piss away their money. You’ve got a steady paycheck and they’ve got nothing
This year might be apple's best year.... iphone super cycle, they had to increase production by 30%, m1 chip, and of course electric cars. as more info gets unveiled it will moon more. apple might be winning the battery race as well with toshiba's scib batteries. they might be just after tesla in this EV game. apple tv might get bigger productions and apple fitness might come up with something like peloton bikes.
[deleted]
All in PACB on monday.
I know automotive painters making well over 100k a year. You can kill it in the trades.
yup
I cry every time I watch Marley and Me, if bark box doesn’t moon I don’t know what will
The guy thats in teeny tiny pieces.
It'll be warmer in a few months, if you're northern
It's because of a man named Ryan Cohen--i edited my comment to include that bit
[deleted]
It's in Canada too
[deleted]
Re: BABA calls

The editor of the Global Times already wrote that the BABA anti trust probe isn't political.  They just want a more vibrant tech marketplace.

BABA will likley get a fine then be let loose.

***AliCloud and Alipay are BABA's growth engine.  From it they are forming AI and DataAnalytics to support community group buying and Just In Time manufacturing.  Think  mobile platform for a decentralized Costco model!  Basically, groups of friends buying the same item allows you to buy it cheaper and in bulk.  They are unlocking variable pricing with data analytics.  Prices vary with scaleable buys. No more fixed price.  Social media intersects with ecommerce.***

$PDD is after the same prize but Ali has more cloud and AI infrastructure.

You're buying an Amazon and a Costco and a Stripe/Paypal and an Uber for sooooo cheap over a 5 year long term hold at these prices.

China already has a vision for their tech society 5 years from now and BABA will be a huge part of it.

BABA calls
[deleted]
Retards like u boast gains or losses for award/points. I prefer  doing it for tendies! 🚀🚀
You are welcome
FOMO alarm
so its not a joke
How in the world can it possibly be spacex/starlink?
We may have a correction of sorts but that was truly once inside in a lifetime. A blind man coil have put calls on anything and made money.
Online sales up huge for holidays
[deleted]
U.S steel (ticker: X) was founded by captains of industries. With it, they’ve built America’s first modern cities. It’s only fitting for Elon to take over to lead the next industry revolution
Jack Ma should just announce BABA does EV. The stock will go to moon
IM ALREADY DIAMOND HANDS
Japan’s got a 12% positivity rate lol. They don’t even test there. 

Also the UK strain has been found in Japan now. 

That should be enough to push us to SPY 390.
🙄
He gon learn today 

https://media3.giphy.com/media/4nRiHFFTzmJZC/200.gif
F and HOME
I like IPO, what's the play?
I’m pretty sure the IRS has to pay you if you go negative trading options
I thought it would be a better play. Got in <$3 and it made it to like $5.50 or something so I thought I was doing well. Now it is sitting at $4 forever. We will see.
Serious question: I’m sure I’ll be downvoted, but what on earth possesses any of you to invest in a dying company? Does GME have plans for revenue loss, or are they merging with another company? Is there some reason you think it’ll take off, or is it just a meme some people take too seriously? It strikes me as akin to investing in Blockbuster Video
We open it for the comfort of not seeing our account balance go down.
VALE
Holy fucking shit this is gonna MOON 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀. TSLA 2.0 GONNA MAKE US AUTISTIC RETARDS MILLIONAIRES
Gold thing I’m to broke to watch it
Why he so fat then?
We close brother. Just be a little more patient.
BFT
Damn, baba calls expiring next week? Godspeed.
[removed]
Should be XY for mankind.
Buy high sell low!!!!!
Chinese SEC
NKLA went tits up .. nobody ready to throw even a dime at her now. Got discarded faster than a used condom
i like it as a reopening trade. will take a look. thanks. ARKG not a fan of since options don't go to 2023
there’s always some kind of US Military Aircraft patrolling damn near every corner of the world (especially the Middle East), but what I heard suggests it’s a larger volume of aircraft than normal.
GME options
Every damn time I see this I'm thinking I need to go to blockbuster and make a post
[deleted]
This has nothing to do with stonks, but mods are gone so.... WW84 was a hot pile of garbage.
ITM LEAPS are the way to go.
why don’t the PSTH nerds who are praying for it to be stripe just dump their shares and go in BFT? it’s a company that also has a royalty on people spending money, with a chairman who has a better record than ackman.
The editor of the Global Times already wrote that it isn't political.  They just want a more vibrant tech marketplace.  BABA will get a fine then be let loose.

AliCloud and Alipay are BABA's growth engine.  From it they are forming AI and DataAnalytics to support community group buying and Just In Time manufacturing.  Think  mobile and distributed costco!  Basically, groups of friends buyiing the same item allows you to buy it cheaper and in bulk.  They are unlocking variable pricing with data analytics.  Prices vary with scaleable buys.

$PDD is after the same price but Ali has more cloud and AI infrastructure.

You're buying an Amazon and a Costco and a Stripe/Paypal and an Uber for sooooo cheap over a 5 year long term hold at these prices.

China already has a vision for their tech society 5 years from now and BABA will be a huge part of it.

BABA calls
[deleted]
Express jeans are super comfortable.  They have this hyper stretch material.  Sounds dumb, but it's not.
[deleted]
You are. To her.
MSOS LONG on CALLS AND THE EQUITY
Sir, this is the Bellagio.
[deleted]
When you do as the Romans do.
$2K stim will pass on Monday in the house but will fail in the senate on Tuesday leaving tens of millions with no safety net and probably homeless. These r the people boomers voted for, Jesus Christ
Hahahaha I watched the big short the other day “ I’m jacked, jacked to the TITS”
My best performing ETF of 2020 was GRID by far
Ok. Well put some in MGNI. TRIT to start.  You can send me cash at end of year.
🚀
If only it was as easy as OP thinks...all the money managers would be doing it
Had to limit his focus to r/stretching
Wrangler retro
That would be awesome but I think subway is prob closer to the mark lol
tell me your ten baggers 🔮
What you guys holding and for what expiration? I got lulu and baba calls for next week lol
Damn, the spread on TDOC leaps is rough. I’m in SPG leaps, they’ve printed nicely so far. Look at ARKG.
The next tesla is either CRSP or ARKG 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
GHlV lPOC, FUSE.
Japan going EV only by 2030... EV’s should get a bit of a boost
Japan going EV only by 2030... EV’s should get a bit of a boost
What in the world is MOFCOM
I at least want like Iron Man quality, or WW1 quality, I think that’s reasonable.
I hate to break it to you but despite having no federal income tax in Puerto Rico, they still have local income taxes (similar to state income taxes) that are basically at the same level of federal income taxes. It’s not too different from taxes in Florida or Texas.
That’s how a guy who has never posted gains before does it? Cool.
Go long Viac on the upcoming streaming investor day
Tell me now how Ryan Cohen wont turn the GME into an Amazon for video games and e-commerce.
[deleted]
But but I have abs :( and my mom said I'm funny AND cute
I do this often.
I’ll tell $125 ASAP
One more day boys!! 🥰
Honestly fucking hope not, the last thing the U.S. needs right now is an excuse to spend even more money on the military.
Ban
Only buying 2023 leaps, and GME doesn't fit the bill.
Yolo that shit into a brontosaurus
“The family finances” doesn’t count as a hedge fund
[deleted]
Give THE MAN OF STEEL a title already! MODS
Need high-growth names. Those are the ones that are likely to 2-3x over the next year or so for 20-30x returns in leaps.
Uniqlo. 2 years running on them skinny. Hella comfy and great fit
[removed]
I just want one lick. That’s all I’m asking
[deleted]
BA puts
RTRD etf 🚀🚀🚀🚀
Try it
NAV is $20. Stock trades at $26.03 today.

When you take the $23 warrants into consideration, if you bought 9 commons, you're average becomes $25.47. Huge value.
[removed]
Snowflake gang is stronger than I expected
Lmao
Unfortunately, you’re not wrong
Walk your dog
its the algos that dump not people
Fed Ex and UPS calls? Thoughts? See their trucks everywhere and their stocks have pulled back a bit now.
Uhmmmmm pretty sure it's a force dude
MT, DM, NIO
Starlink
100 at 30c, same expiry. Hoping for a modest 100k.
I am new to stocks. Can you explain what your positions mean?
Exactly! You know what I'm talking about, lol.
DFEN
Same here I don’t follow his stock advice cause boomer shit
go back to r/investing
GME 4/21 20c
No news on vaccine being just as effective. You got a source for that? If it was just as effective it'd be all over the news as fact other than theory.
no. no i don't know what you're saying. eating pussy is lovely
🤣🤣🤣🍻
I'll take "excuses" for $163,000 , Alex.
What software do you use?
Everybody has a plan, until the big fat red dildo shows up on the one min bar
Whats with all these Delaro ads?
im not rich haha
For me, every month I'm like, "Why the fuck am I paying $300 per month for roaming?" What the fuck is roaming?
Just sell shares? That means your are short. I am short on tsla with avg price of 655.
Is this a great idea or what!?
apple...?
Folks got me a new comforter for Christmas and it’s cozy as fuck, but it looks like it’s made out of 100 squirrels. 

Like Vegan chicks don’t hate me enough. 

#🎅🏿🔪🐿
Tbh my whole mindset changed after finding this subreddit, and seeing all these gains from other people😭
Before, I could go 1-2 months not checking my Robinhood, since I knew they be ok (boomer stocks and etf). Now Im all in PLTR. I actually spent my Christmas checking Robinhood all day. Funny enough, I had to go get some groceries on Christmas Eve and saw some dude in the checkout on Robinhood lol
wtf?
The image helped me read because I'm retarded.
Gay bear confirmed. 🌈 🐻
Hey, I knew that. Let's do it again!
You seem so insanely confident which makes me confident in the position.

Why are these price increases in steel not directly reflected in the stock price? It seems we've had a bunch over the past 2 weeks I've had the position open, but MT ~~is~~ doesn't wanna get any higher than $24. Are analysts really not picking up on what's happening, or is the stock price just lagging a bit?

Thanks for posting. I enjoy your DD. If you keep getting banned, you should just create your own subreddit and post all your info there (price upgrades, scrap increases, etc).

Edited typo
Enough to get margin at the very least. There's nothing to laugh about when it comes to investing. Invest your $50. Just don't do options and build it out. Get 10k in index funds in a Roth before you start trying to be rain man or something.
Dropped 1k into RKT weeklies for er and lost it all and was like “meh, oh well” but I always have my McDonald’s app ready to go so I can spend as little as possible
If it is Subway I am hitting the sell button so hard I might crack my screen.  I hope it is SpaceX/Starlink related or Stripe or RH
I had Kamara and Evans.
by chick you mean dude?
MSOS
I cannot get more erect
Did that Now I have to
Use Webull lamo
I'm throwing $50K into shares & calls this week!
Unless a wash sale has taken place and not closed yet
Following
why do people even listen to citron? isn't the game obvious? they just dump down any meme stock thats hot for a quick short. its such bullshit that people actually fall for it. and fuck whoever citron is. seriously. fuck his family christmas time too.
[removed]
[deleted]
I get mine at Costco
Bad move
Fucking google.
Me. Send me the money and trust it will fund things.
VIAC
I thought the same thing, if I can just get the money back from all the games they duped me out of (I go 5 cents for a trade in once for a game my mom probably spent $50 on when I was like 12) it’s all worth it, I’m in!
2008 was a housing collapse, banks didn’t have liquidity, Lehman went under. The opposite is true now. Macro - yes, many countries are under pressure - all if not, but we learned from 2008 and liquidity is plenty. European countries’ central banks are using negative rates to force their banks to lend.  Stimulus is going on across the world and so are infrastructure packages.  This is not 2008.  It’s the exact opposite. Market is hitting ATH’s and all big US banks are calling for even higher highs in 2021.
[deleted]
With RC at the helm, and Michael Burry long on $GME, I see $$$.
$BRK.A
Thanks for the DD. I set my buy orders limit at $1000 for X. Hope it fills, see you all in tendie town.
Crazy. That’s dope though. 

So who did it?
You seem boring and basic
Thanks dawg
[deleted]
[deleted]
Aren't they always? What did they see Aladdin on Christmas a threat or something?
[deleted]
The fact that you got out without at least leaving the tip in is what disappoints me.

🚀
Levis 569
[deleted]
You’re gunna have a alarm for when a company goes up? Great idea retard
I’ll cry yo tears of fucking joy
Yes.
I need to hurry my ass up and get a trading account. No way I'm missing this
Thanks 🍺
Yeah, because thats fucking repeatable. Are you really trying to tell people that you can double your money every year? If that’s true, I’m done making my own investments and you can just do it all for me with a 40% performance fee. Because not only would that make you the best investor alive, but the best investor ever. 

I guess if I had the kind of skill and market foresight that you have, I would leave guaranteed money on the table too.
Market red, stay in bed (fuck work).
None of these ppl know shit. Acne studios
Great my calls will print
All companies have a specific date to report their earnings. You have to look at that data to understand " probable sleeping giants"

That's how I do it
We all know every good, complete yolo portfolio is over saturated in the back door acquisition sector.  Wtf is this shit
And I believe that most of reddit is dumb pretending to be smart
Disagree VIAC calls will print on investor day news. HBO MAX is desperate moves will back fire. Boomers don’t want to pay for the same thing twice. Long PLUTO TV FOR #1 FAST play and VIAC content Pure Play as they become the number one third party producer in addition to O&O model.
Accounting for roughly 21% inflation, the steel prices are still at $800/ ton compared to 2008 which is the highest its been by a lot since 2008
[deleted]
Cash out of SP funds, yolo 45k on RIOT weeklies.

Cash 3k out of TD. Take it in cash. Use it to wipe the jizz out of your pants when calls print and you ride into 2021 as a millionaire
SpaceX ain't going public. Investors just want to make money and live on an island. Not really for SpaceX stuff.

Elon repeatedly said if he has to IPO one of his company, it will be Starlink Next... but then agian, Starlink is under SpaceX now. So if Starlink ipos it can moon on spacex success.
To infinity and beyond! Lol jk. 

Ban.
[deleted]
Like I always said, it's like a video game for me now. I've enjoyed the game for the first run, got to see the ending, but now I want to play again to enjoy the New Game+, collect all the weapons and items, and see the secret endings by grinding away for hours.

Making money has become a game for me, like I can drop 3k on 0 DTE GME calls and not bat an eye, yet I spend hours just browsing Costco only to leave with a pair of $20 pants. The mental accounting and dissonance is unreal.
Floor seems to be 25 right now
Why do people mention Subway? God I hope not, but how does it even come up?
No
Then we are gonna trade water market.
big fucking tendies
Ah another fake post, good thing the good mods are leaving
They specifically like to target people like you. Poors who recently got rich and don’t know how to protect it thinkin they slick.
Big B?
>Technicals. Charts. Support levels. Volume spikes. Short interest. Executive teams. Rumors. Customer sentiment. Employee morale. Insider trading. MSM manipulation. Comparable market caps. ER reports. Upgrade reports. SEC filings. Meme potential. I literally watch and study every facet I can about a company, and do so quickly.

Quick question, how do you study employee morale, Glassdoor ratings?  Also I do all the other stuff but rarely look at SEC filings since there's usually a news release or Twitter has the info. What do you look for in SEC filings?
If you don’t know which stocks to purchase on Monday by now, idk what to tell you
I have no idea, I didn’t follow them long term.
So you're telling me I should wait for Sunday night to post the model update with some epic DD?
Diesel, Armani
Fusion power IPO’s next year, hope to see this energy at 100% capacity by the time I die.
I can understand the logic and even though I don’t agree with it, it actually worked for me. I can’t say the same for my other 4 siblings though. Once I was backed enough into a corner I decided to help myself and start a business that has been very successful for 5 years now.

But yeah I can understand his logic because that’s what worked for him. He knew no one was going to help him so he created his own success. He was hoping that same situation would work for his kids.
Kunkka ftw
buy low pressure. sell high pressure. 

you're welcome
We could just sell everything online
/u/zjz, the type of guy that borrows $5 then pays you back 10
Fair enough,  we'll see. 140k to 180k is a huge sequential jump
Buzz Lightyear lived on a commune. Fuck would he know about making money, or the responsibilities of Men.
I don’t have a position yet. Good time to get in?
I was always a credit card person.  Used my debit card maybe 3 times over 20+ yrs. Hardly ever paid cash for anything. When I switched to only Debit and Cash, it formed anxiety. I’m over it now.

But yah, I have to have a mental talk with myself about every purchase I make, but tossing thousands on a contract doesn’t bother me. Lol
Honestly you’re not wrong. This stock is so shit but it legit doesn’t move and legit cuts the check every time.
I saw we start mypillow2.0 and kick that fucking my pillow guy back to the farm land he deserves to work on
My positions suck so maybe
I liked my lucky brand jeans.
He's going to delay tax by losing it all and reporting it as a capital loss. MY MAN🤲🏼💎
CNBC Report: water is wet
100 here. if it stays low enough by 1/4 i'll buy 100 more when collateral is freed up 🚀
[deleted]
[WSB after 2020](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZHwVBirqD2s)
Guess
[deleted]
If true then oil. Mango gonna do something mega dumb at the end here?
Paige. Get the Lennox black shadow. Tight, but crazy fucking comfortable
Big uppies or downies for SPCE this week?
How much is this in bald eagles currency
[deleted]
[deleted]
American Eagle or Lucky Brand
Double check your research. Roth 401k is only 19.5k limit whereas an after-tax contribution is ~57k.   Yes a roth contribution and a after-tax contribution are completely different. Even though they are both after-tax monies. 

Many 401k providers allow in service rollovers for after-tax contributions (not roth) and your able to roll them over to a roth ira which is referred to a megabackdoorroth. So each year you possibly could be putting an extra 57k into your roth ira
its almost as if you have no idea how the price of a stock behaves after ex-div date.
Me too but also could be a possible yes.
[removed]
Zm puts baby let’s ride
True
MT is the play.  March April June calls.
What is the base price of $PSTH? Most SPACs have $10, this does not look like one
This
yea puts on Boeing
I'm sorry 😑😑😫
Net Worth would be more impressive, everyone has made money these last 6 months.
Nice
I got sprint. Back in December last year. lol
Metal gang no
Buy more Tesla
Finalllllyyy... A WSB retard who did a little bit of DD
they took him out for fitz magic

rip
he was my favorite character, absolutely brilliant. I was actually surprised he got to be in such a normy show, he didn't belong there at all, it was like a miracle
Goddamn you might have it figured out lmao 😂
Fuck
I heard stripe was a hard no
googled didnt find sht
Fuck Rod has spoken again  


Shit should I buy back in
Stripe subway and stripe
[deleted]
Most gracious we are, steel daddy
Wtf? In Georgia(US) everywhere is open. So many parties going on.
Dude I have no idea what you’re talking about. I’m fucking stupid when it comes to option. Do you have links to where I can learn more of what the hell you’re saying?
No, I mean short read. ILMN utilizes long read technology already. If they don't see value in short read, then why did they want to acquire PACB? Faster is better. Short read is faster, the error rate is just higher for now.

EDIT: My bad. He right. I don't read so good so I flip flopped then.

Here is a video for other people who can't read good and want to learn to do other stuff good too. 

https://youtu.be/_XWRrmsPy9Y

And for those that can read:

https://www.phgfoundation.org/documents/long-read-sequencing-introduction.pdf
Duck outta here
Gonna get downvote for saying this but please don't place options on BABA. Buy and hold if you have to, buy the dip and then buy the dip from the dip, but don't fuck with your savings when MOFCOM is involved. No one knows what they want or will do.
[deleted]
Started in November and betted on PLTR on the first trade. Since then I have doubled my portfolio to 80k. I thought it was really easy and I could replicate. However since then, I have been down to 65K and now back to 81K. Now I have realized, I was just lucky the first time round... will see how well I fair in the next 2 months
[removed]
do i kiss my escorts? serious?? of course i kiss my escorts!! da fuq?
Please peg my gen z bumhole. Look at my post history to see my bod pic
You've got one more day to make up your mind, hurry, before the market opens!
look at the 2 hour chart for RKT and buy it
Surveillance footage and satellite imagery scanning algos
What are your top prospects for the merger?
We could sell mattresses online
Currently priced in you mouth breather
No. The imagery is too strong for me. Its like how they always wrap it before blowing.
Any weekend news that matters?
You get it man.
We have standards now?!
No LEAPs available but QQQJ is a good bet, premiums still have to increase about 100% to get it in line with similarly priced ETFs
[deleted]
Could happen
Have you looked in your mom's mouth?
WSB around the world, what are you doing for New Year's Eve? Party? Downtown at some club? They won't even open right ? Not in Canada or America atleast. I'm spending it at home lmao
Red Thursday 

Green Friday 

Red Monday 🤡
Then break them.
Lol market crash imminent
i remember once blasting my gf for making me leave the house before 4 to go on a walk before the sun set & all i could think about were my CCL puts😅came home and saw the stock up, i flipped. Trading brings the worst out of us sometimes
This fucking guy doesn't even know the acronym. We are the new ballers.
Broke: Gets poor from using risky credit lines on property flipping.

Woke: Gets rich from telling people not to do that.
Nio dated after Jan 9
Lol
It's basically the equivalent of selling a naked call
He would have made more money than his entire account flipping burgers in less time it took to make this screenshot
Why?
Hmmm. Might have to do some rebalancing if that happened as my portfolio would probably be ~ 50%  c r y p t o  related at that point....
I am. Can you help me find my penis?
For the ticker symbol of course. No DD just a wild speculation.

Edit: Elon also merged with Peter thiel’s x.com to become PayPal
lol how do u find the whore houses?
Over population is a myth. People starve and die today not because there’s not enough food (there more than enough), but because of wealth inequality.

Technology constantly has and will continue to raise the planets carrying capacity. Besides the more people we have the planet the more money corporations will make. Cant make money on a corpse once the burial is done
😮 never heard of this 🤡
Identify it how? Like license plate?
Honor and praise Godfather.  I come bearing rockets 🚀 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🎁🚀🚀🚀
I'm guessing this is the stuff zjz's bot would have taken care of?
Hearing something about an unusually higher than normal amount of US military aircraft/fighter jets in Middle-Eastern airspace rn... Lockheed Calls??
[deleted]
In before the FBI announces Nashville RV guy had a history of mental illness/schizophrenia, was on anti-depressants and follows QAnon.
[deleted]
only gang i will never be a part of is gme gang. i refuse to believe that somehow that pos business can have a stock that goes up. just makes me mad thinking about it. ill trade cat shit futures before joining that gang.
HOLY
To be honest, I took some small gains from watching you retards pump GME, so I don't have hate for it. But the sort of negative politics the GME pumpers play is super off-putting and makes me not want to be associated with it, so if I make plays it will be in silence. I'm not trying to be associated with dumbasses like you and OverpricedButthole. 

Ever since the retarded "short squeeze" bullshit, GMEtards have just been insufferable pricks. And regulars in this subreddit can tell from the aggressive shit talking and ghetto lexicon, (and the fact that they have been outed), that there is an outsider crew at the center of this. 

So yeah, ill buy more calls when GME crashes again to take advantage of the momentum stupidity can create, but for both my beliefs about their future and the negativity of the GME crew, I'm not making any big plays with them. There are simply too many other great plays out there to care if I miss the mythical GME short squeeze, or the destined Cohen revival.
Is P S T H going to acquire Robinhood?
[removed]
Imagine thinking PLTR is gonna be red Monday it was red Thursday you fools this retarded stock literally just reverses position every single day
You're*, looks like we both need a helmet.
UNFI is sub-$1B. Someone ban this fucker
Wait they were talking about the Apple car a year ago?
One day, the stock market will close forever.
No, I mean short read. ILMN utilizes long read technology already. If they don't see value in short read, then why did they want to acquire PACB?
One day there will be a bible written about /u/zjz
WSB ETF is actually a great idea. Who manages said ETF? How is that done?
so RIOT and MARA gonna moon next week. any other plays?
Begone lizard king
no but my grandad ran a hedge fund i can ask him :)
Stock splits? Can you explain why you brought that up? Maybe you're conflating that with locked up shares becoming free to trade? If thats what you mean it isn't a split
GME pumping on here makes me wanna blow my brains but MT & steel to the moon (or close to 2008 highs lol)
So T goes up from this news or down because they don’t have a network in the SE anymore?
Sold I’m in!!!
Literally giving my wife’s boyfriend a job
That’s a weird dollar sign
Retard
That definitely won't happen. It would IPO for sure. Elon has wanted to take TSLA back private. He won't want something else to go to the market unless it becomes a requirement for him to keep it afloat.
Drawn and quartered.
You gotta be obsessed to get beyond average at anything.
This suited buz makes me wanna pee red
PLTR software used to identify the RV used in Nashville bombing
[deleted]
[deleted]
For real, I have no idea how but the comments are shittier.
Already in for 6600 shares. After reading this, gonna load up another 2000 shares Monday morning. 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
It’s proof your retarded
Honestly bro, find a spac that’s near NAV with low IV and has options. Take IPOF for example. The 02/19 $10c options closed at $2.33 while the stock closed at $12.20.... wtf $0.13 of extrinsic value for 52DTE. 

You’re telling me it won’t go up $0.13 in two months... it went up $0.73 this week!
same for people who put the toilet paper roll with the paper facing towards the wall

the fuck is wrong with you
The ones in colombia try to kiss you if you are a white gringo, they desperately want to get out of that shithole
Baiting bots means two things.
Proof or ban
[deleted]
She’s not listening bro
I am new here and have no idea what you are talking about, but I am in. I have seen wolf of Wall Street and I am getting similar energy. When does Margo Robbie come into play?
It’s called a addiction. Fucking gay retard autist addict.
Okay so I’ve been GME a lot. Why exactly has Gamestop been making a comeback?
only 100 here too put every share adds extra fuel to the gme rocket 🚀🚀🚀
I remember when I was 15.
I see 0 option positions here.
[deleted]
Leaps
[deleted]
Couple goodies... Rescue Me and Friday Night Lights
It’s deep atleast
Yep
I feel attacked
Why
[deleted]
Going deeper on my VIAC position did the DD and see Pluto TV driving everything else. Combined with the new slate of paramount plus and it’s a huge upside. Doubles in the next year because it’s still so undervalued. 🚀🚀🚀🚀 join the next big streaming play with Pluto and VIAC the investor day in the next few months is gonna play out just like Disney. Waiting on final word on date but early q1
I don't quite agree with the point of having your funds locked in retirement tax advantaged accounts as a hard rule.  There are ways like a Roth Conversion Ladder or Rule 72(t) to where you can withdraw early before age 59.5 with no penalty.  Just takes some planning.

It can be stupid to trade aggressively in tax advantaged accounts because of the limited amount of cash you can put in per year ($6K now for Roth IRA), so it's not as easy to replenish if your plays go south.   That being said, I personally have been YOLO'ing in my Roth IRA, and it's been working out nicely.  Not having to think about tax implications makes it so much simpler, despite the high risk.  2020's a fucked up year though and everyone's making gains.  401k is pretty boomer-ish but I'm considering some other plays going into next year.
CCP priced in (loses 34 a share in one day) 🤣 the tard is strong with this one
You trust someone here to manage that account?
Lame
No the lucky strikes one
is there a fee if you withdraw before 59 1/2 ?
Holy shit I'm gonna cum
Why don't we (not me I'm a poor) just collectively make a business, invest in it, watch it skyrocket because wsb knows what the people want and don't want, and then cash out and possibly repeat
[deleted]
Stop reading whatever else these retards say, and read this:

Put $2,000 into $GME shares. I'm sure you've read the extensive DD on those. If you haven't: basically, there's a person named Ryan Cohen who founded a company called Chewy. He's an expert at e-commerce, and he's trying to take over GameStop and turn it into a high-tech gaming e-commerce behemoth. Furthermore, GameStop is heavily shorted (basically a lot of money has been betted against the stock). This means that there can be a "short squeeze" that can make the stock go to $100, or even higher before coming back down. All this makes it a tantalizing opportunity.

Finally, with the remaining $1k, buy some monthly options for the $IPO ETF. It basically represents shares of stocks that have an initial public offering. It's been going up, as recently stocks such as AirBnB and DoorDash have rocketed. That shit is going to moon with Roblox and Affirm.

Options: They allow you to profit off fluctuations in a stock, whether up or down. Mostly meant for short term, but can do long-term (LEAPS) as well, for a higher cost.

Call: a contract that says you can purchase 100 shares of a stock for a set price (strike price) by an expiration date. If you see $GME 24C 2/19, that means the contract is giving you the right to purchase 100 shares of GameStop for $24 each by February 19th, 2021. You buy a call if you think the stock is gonna go up.

Put: a contract that says you can sell 100 shares of a stock for a set price by a date. If you see $NKLA 10P 2/19, that means this contract gives you the right to sell 100 shares of Nikola for $10 each by February 19th. You don't have to actually own the shares--you can just buy this contract, and sell it later for a profit to somebody who does own the shares. Basically, buy puts if you think the stock is going to go down

Margin is borrowing money to buy shares. Usually works out fine, unless the shares in question jump off a cliff ($BABA). You can do it (especially with $GME), but at the end of the day it IS a loan. Even if the chances of it paying off nicely are very high (as with GME), it still is a choice to make whether you want to be in debt for a period of time.

The losses you see here? They are 90% of the time from people who put large amounts of money into short weekly options with close expirations. These are cheap, but have a very high risk/reward ratio. Basically gambling. If you stick to monthly options and shares, you'll be fine.

I'm writing this all in the span of 5 minutes, so there's a lot more to learn. Spend 20 minutes watching some youtube videos on options trading. If you don't feel like it, then just put your money in $GME and some in $IPO. Or all in $GME. Because both of those are guaranteed to go up.
Teach me your ways. I hate amazon and Walmart with a passion. It’s actually somewhat personal with me having experienced WM’s business ethic as a small business owner
[deleted]
Anyone who pours milk first with their cereal needs to be locked up in a mental institution
[removed]
Gm
[removed]
I almost feel bad. He thinks he is popular. The kids refer to him only as their buyer guaranteed. We had a buyer in high school. We never thought of him as cool. Lol
newports
Yeah buddy
A small one at a single mill, doesn’t matter
I occasionally post a pic of my robinhood portfolio in r/stocks and r/investing to brag
I never could get into the tiles...I got a Nokia Lumia for the camera but ended up ditching it because (to your point) the apps were terrible assuming the one you wanted existed at all.
if you didnt buy in march what makes you think youre gona buy the next big crash?

if we go into a bear market its going to be slow and grindy, not a quick hard crash like march.

learn to trade the market as it is, instead of hoping for it to become something else
Everytime I see that ticker, I think Mavis Beacon.
Shit.
Some day it will.
[deleted]
[removed]
At least 40
Every player I have is on fire, I’m in sub 1000th place, only 6 pts from first and guess what this mofo Tua is my captain with 13 pts. I’d have won 100k if he even got 15 more pts. Dude sucks dick, f Tua

Best game except Tua. Only dude. I usually win about 10-20k in DraftKings a year tho so no biggie. Taxes f me tho. Never cashed more than 6000 in a tourney
Get funny money
Shh, I sell puts to these retards.
Well that’s just not true, I make excuses as to why I cannot let my family money while making money in the market.
SRNE
I just wish I could never lose money and only make good calls, is that too much to ask?
[removed]
I mean you’re right, but the ice won’t be on the driveway so it still works. The flamethrower isn’t just a heating element. It’s also acting like a fan to push the boiled snow
Lmao
It was eh.
They’re talking a dirt nap
The gov doesn’t want another depression so they’ll keep stimulating the market with huge amounts of money  even if people lose their jobs and shit   They saw that they can cancel a crash so they’ll just cancel anymore that try to come up
[removed]
[removed]
U wan sum fuk?
IDK... almost all of these trades are at exactly 4pm.
True
deep fucking value literally made $5K on his April calls Thursday when GME went down 2%, wiping out most of WSB’s $2K accounts
SPY for 370c, January.

Can't go tits up, right?
Editing is important.  15 minutes of amazed face looking at fireworks.  I understand why you got all of that footage, but you don’t have to use every minute of it!  

...Same with WW trying to figure out what to do with her hands while flying like Superman...  like this? .. or this..  or this....   fuck!  The world is burning!!!
I'm about 7 months in now and up 30%. I wanted to start in 2014 but didn't have enough so I paper traded for a couple years before forgetting because I didn't have time and didn't see actually gains from doing it. Then in may this year I moved 2k into my td account. I bought into oil and made ~22% off that and then traded some losers and only lost like $200 and now I'm just playing credit spreads on spx and spy and wheeling a couple cheap stocks. I swear by the credit spread and have myself mapped to make ~100k in a year
i was pretty annoyed with the bot that would temp ban for new posts. i made a post i thought was actually a good discussion post and got banned. fuck that guy!
What’s that Covid cigarette stock again?? Wanna see how it’s doing
Pltr gonna die
It’s ok. But gal gadot is just so 10/10
You’re based I salute you
RIP u/zjz you will be missed
Does that mean calls on $SNOW
😔
lots of gay sex talk here tonight...

edit: dont get me wrong i like gay sex too (im not gay btw)
Yes! No!
Is it actually good? A friend said it was eh
MP...one of the few tickers that I'd be comfortable parking my entire account in.
Spy bears wya 

How y’all feeling
I’m gonna give you a preview; money ain’t it. I’ve made 250k at 25 years old (data scientist at large tech company)... it brought me no more actual happiness. I made 25k on peloton for Christsake. Whatever drive you have for money is rooted in some childhood fuck up your parents did to you or a girl who ducked you. Better to figure out what the root of that is so your trading improves. will also make your Christmas better :)
Where’s the THCB?
[removed]
Not bad at all. In fact, I’d buy the duck outta that dip
Software engineering.
I too am interested
Kind of looks fake in a way
[removed]
No way to know Melvin is paying because we don't know the exact size of their short position. But for the sake of this exercise, let's assume a static 20M short position. Now, borrow markets can experience short term contract rate locks, but are by-and-large a spot rate market. For simplicity's sake, let's assume the borrow rate has averaged an annual 15% over the past year. Now, the price is a huge variable here, too. Given the direct relationship between price and the size of the short position. Let's assume the price averaged $8 for the entirety of 2020.

$8 times 20M times 15% = $24M in interest, or, to really highlight the absurdity of them not closing (if the estimates used are in the ballpark), nearly 50% of what it would've cost them to CLOSE THE ENTIRE POSITION at the $2.57 low.

EDIT to actually answer the question, now that we're at $20/share let's just assume the current borrow rates hold true and err on the low end and 15% still works for our exercise. So 20M * $20 * (15%/12 [yes, simple math]) = $5M in monthly interest on a 20M short position.

Now for the entirety of the shorts, let's just replace with an average of ~60M shares, and triple each of the examples. (More to it than that, but like my podcast I'm trying to keep it accurate, accessible, and awesome.)
i like to lick their pocket books and butt holes
100% VTSAX
Yes but it’s not 1000% lol  and RMG actually is making money
What’s the ticker
[deleted]
[deleted]
Yeah Donnie get me that $2k x 5 baby!
nah when it moves hard. you might need some holiday sales reports next week on gaming to you give a bump.
Dude it's all over reddit just google belle delphine reddit.
🧢
I check to see if it's still snowing or not
No this is how you form ice, you need to salt the driveway as well.
🚀🚀🚀
WHEN PSTH ANNOUNCES SpaceX.  PT 100 minimum
BTWN is the move
SPY will never see $240 ever again in our lifetimes
Definitely not March, but I could see a kang gang scenario.
Most smart investors, it's better then a brokerage since you are not taxed on your gains. Yolo your 6,000 into 100,000 and your not taxed on your gains. You can trade just like you do in a regular brokerage such as options and margin
WSB etf to the moon! 🚀🚀🚀🚀
Ayyy. The alcohol helps the weekends pass by.
VIAC
u/savevideo
I own 11,400 shares. Holding until post-merger.
u/zjz died for our sins
weather go up
psa for new WSBer

if youre excited to trade based on some 🐻 DD comments you saw here

dont forget to post your losses for free karma next week
I hope by 1/30/201
Does anyone here kiss the escorts they see? I feel like I’m missing out by not kissing the asian women(I wouldn’t kiss any of the other ones, except a few, MAYBE). It seems nasty to think about, but in the moment I reaaaallllyyy want to, but I don’t. I plan on going to the asian whorehouse when they get the new girls soon.
😏 you gonna touch me or what
Thank god im not the only one who thinks they’re kinda gross. NOT GAY THOUGH I REPEAT NOT GAY.
Nice
It still isn’t pumping the stock bro
BABA puts
I personally believe that at least half of WSB is smart pretending to be dumb.
CNBC’s Make-it-reindeer
It was stupid entertaining non sense.
They can watch but just don’t make eye contact
Bring back u/zjz
I did get a sense of disappointment at the end.
Only up to $3k per year for capital losses (and it just reduces your overall income so it’s like you’re getting ~15% of that 3k back)
Imagine being the idiot buying all those puts they are probably selling on their short shares.
yes
I open my RH account 20 times a day on the weekend. I don't know what the fuck I expect to change but I'm still gonna look lmao.
Just watched the new wonder woman movie. Gal Gadot is prolly my new 10/10
ICLN
Ok, not the kind of mood I was expecting tonight on WSB, but I'm fine with it.

''Gentlemen, bear witness. While I’ve been mourning the nights that never were, one of them has been unfolding here before me. This is no get-together. This is a party.'' 

Let's get gay
BABA pleas fly again so the calls I bought Thursday print  😛 💵 💵 or 🔥 💵 🔥
Literally just saw you digging your dinner inside the garbage at the Wendy’s back alley. But then again, I’m imagining you’re in debt, so 10x that would be really in the negative. Don’t go long $ROPE on us just yet bud!
But no vag?
my man, even down joans herself is up 5% ytd
Lots of ppl holding PSTH, when are we expecting a merger announcement
Ok 

Buddy

Retard
Crushed a Miller while writing this cheers mate
I need a fast forward button. I can't stay with my parents any longer.
[deleted]
Seeking autist to teach me about weather derivatives
Sweet jesus... and I thought my up 30% SPLK LEAPS were good.
MARA to the moon🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
They are way more overpriced. Night and day on value differences here...
[deleted]
The fuckin blinking and exhale afterwards always gets me
Both terrible etfs, all space exploration companies that are worth a damn to invest in are private.
It Didn't.
ARKG ICLN TAN PLTR GME
There might be a selloff after the new year because people deferred gains due to taxes
Where can you watch it? Who was doing the plowing? What ethnicity were they? So many questions
[removed]
Man, you are absolutely right. It fucking triggers me when someone says with certainty that it isnt stripe, probably because they chose to walk away from this investment and the “no such deal” tweet strokes that ever so sweet confirmation bias for those who haven’t bought or have sold PSTH.

I believe it will be stripe, but I also will not say with certainty, that I 100% know for sure, that it will be stripe. Because I don’t know, but I believe.

Baupost, Guggenheim, and other notable institutional investors have taken up massive positions in this. I encourage anyone reading to look into that for yourself. These guys, instead of investing their own money, are giving their money to ackman to invest for them, essentially (and they are rewarded with warrants). I would like to add that these investors bought in after you, me and breadfruit. These guys do not believe this is going to be a restaurant chain, otherwise they truly belong here on this sub
Go back to r/investing
That’s actually a pretty solid one
[removed]
You guys think the COVID dip in March and the rise up till now was a once in a century opportunity without any consequences, or will there be a correctional response in the market and a second opportunity for people to “buy the dip”?
Calls on this guy. He got all south Florida drunk
[removed]
This is a terrible idea if the temp is still near freezing since the water melts and just freezes over and forms ice instead of snow. 

You’re suppose to clear your driveway and then salt it.
Amazon 4000c 12/31.... You are retarded. And you're describing straight up addiction. I'll drink to that, cheers bro
hmm... I like your flair 😳
Grand Canyon
[removed]
It didn't. It was solid and seriously who the fuck is expecting Schindlers List quality from a DC movie.
AMC lol.
Had to troll a little

Edit: I got flagged you really can’t say “all in” on that sub. They sent me a fucking lecture message
At the support, might dip a bit more before flying again.
Ban.
Scheduled all my classes around trading hours 😪 imma technicals guy too so I’ll spend stupid time just looking at charts and doing my lil drawings
Wow this sub is fucked lmao. But it’s hilarious but we need zjz
It’s just like the whole movie was a waste or something. Nothing was accomplished
Don't play GME FDs unless you're willing to lose everything (gamble). I would only be speculating in options dated Apr21 and later expiry, and investing in common stock.
[deleted]
Don't buy any PSTH. Good luck.
Same team!!! Not selling tell 125$!!! 🚀🚀🚀🚀
2,000 plus 2,000 plus other family members was his latest tweet. Not sure exactly what that means I'm guessing 2,000 per parent and then a certain amount for kids.

This is huge for the markets, a family with no kids will get 4,000. Of course who knows what this might get negotiated to but wow huge cash influx to working people.
Quite clearly.
Anyone have any good ideas for leaps?
>I actually can not believe people are still buying NKLA.

People are still betting 10 cents on the dollar that Trump will be inaugurated. Some people just don't like money, I guess.
Nah. The 9/25s were yolos. The 1/15/21s are up 600%
I would love it to be green but I fear our mango in chief will drive up the volatility.
[deleted]
What u do for living now? :)
From Canada so technically EB Games for me but same thing so I just said Gamestop to prevent confusion.
Man likes his butt plugs so much, he runs the factories at a loss. What can I say?
I hate you so much, fish boy
HOLD
Give us the deets 🥰🥰🥰
I'm drunk south Florida. 

1/15 nio 50c
GME 🚀🚀🚀🚀🎄💦
I wasn't looking at the cum... I just meant that she looked good, and her tiddies were popping
fucking a vagina actually makes you gay

real men only fuck eachother
Can't believe tomorrow isn't even monday
Will we see GME green this week, I’ve got $22 calls expiring and have lost 60% of the equity already. Not sure if I should cut my loses or hold out for it to come back up a bit. I plan on moving heavily into GME regardless of the result of this play, but hoping I don’t lose a good chunk of my buying power with this one move. Seems like GME is picking up steam and many will be buying in on Monday so maybe there will be some upward movement.
Comuninst overlords don't want the company to be too successful so going to start breaking it up and taking parts over for the good of the people...not good for stonk holders
Jesus 35c...why? Just curious
I still find joy in the holidays and spreading good vibes, just find more joy in making money. Overall I’m still down but I learned not to go all in on FD the wrong way when AMD er decided to shit in my mouth. All things considered I do believe I have a problem, but ain’t no crime in printing 🚀
Just lol. In-n-out is a no, the CEO has already said they won't go public. Stripe is a no, the co founder already said so on Twitter. Spacex is a no, Elon has already said Spacex won't go public.
Dang, good thing COVID isn’t dangerous. Well except for the financial ruin it brings.
GYNA VIRUS
I would say the fact LAZR is at 33 or whatever still is a gift and yes dump it for pltr
Merger date hasnt been announced yet, when it does itll skyrocket
Next one should be Kevin seeing the old guy at the pharmacy) aka margin call) and running out the door
Haha you again! You got good taste in music my man. I was a big record collector and DJ in my previous life and played the kind of stuff you are posting.
"REMEMBER IT WAS CHINAS FAULT"
31, 300k between ROTH,401k and individual account. Get in commodities, the bull market has begun.
What’s a dingus
[deleted]
It was a turd company. Its slowly turning to silver, but if cohen gets it, it turns to gold and the crazy 2 day short squeeze targets actually become realistic valuations.
Oi
Bruh sounds like you are not straight to me
might even buy more at this rate
some days i obsess over my positions and wont leave my computer😅even plan things for after 4pm . It honestly is an addiction, can’t ever see myself not investing. Can’t wait for Monday to come😬
It did
thats pretty cool
42x Mvis 8C 1/15. Pls fly
[deleted]
What country did you say you’re from again?
I will be messaging you in 4 months on [**2021-04-27 03:26:51 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2021-04-27%2003:26:51%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://np.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kkpccu/gme_is_done_rising_no_more_fomo_but_you_can_still/gh4t5tj/?context=3)

[**1 OTHERS CLICKED THIS LINK**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fkkpccu%2Fgme_is_done_rising_no_more_fomo_but_you_can_still%2Fgh4t5tj%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202021-04-27%2003%3A26%3A51%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%20kkpccu)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|
I just know it’s small 🍤 (tiktok reference)
It can be not options, it just has to be big. Like that one retard who piled 50k into gnus at 20 cents. Wonder when it if he got out
Better than Wonder Woman 1984
But it's not really a secret cause your parents know you're autistic and your dogs pretty thicc.
😳
Greg
Controller gaming with greasy KFC fingers high spectrum autism. No shit you're happy about it
Puts puts puts, who is in?
You’re not ready. Stopped reading at “index funds”.

Sorry man. You gotta have a certain ng/ml testosterone level here.

Check these out instead 

r/dividends 
r/investors
r/scaredmoney
dude needs more zinc in his diet. it was pretty weak
Yes
Same
this is what I have always said. The only way its gay is if you are the one getting fucked
Long and not much happens. Pretty forgettable
[deleted]
1 year in, down ~30%
Okay I just went in on CRSR (Thursday :( sad) . 40C Jan 15. Give it to me straight. Am I fuk?
Yeah the cumshot fr the best part 

I'll never eat out a girl. It's just yucky. Vaginas kind of gross lol. Like a penis is physically appealing to the eye and well shaped and feels good lol. Like I'm straight, but I like 🅿️🅿️ better if girls would have one Haha you guys know what I'm saying?
Lol. Worth 10x more than you could ever even imagine. But thanks for your stupid lame ass comment. Par for the course. It’s past your bedtime!
[deleted]
I’m going to buy puts on GME a half hour after market open if it’s up over 10% on Monday. just for shits and giggles
I dunno man. I did 117% last 12 months
[deleted]
Remind me! In 4 months “did I lose all of my gains? Or is u/JasonColin a poor fraud?”
Gme for sure
I received AMC, it was about a month ago.
Dont tell them that.. go along and volunteer to be the guy they send money to.
I got in back at $5 per share, it’s already up x4, Reggie Fils-Amie and Ryan Cohen are on board, there’s just too many things falling into place for this to be a fluke.

Edit: thanks OP for cool award, also I’ll be buying more on monday in your honor.
Backdoor you clown
GME
That ladyboy place again?
Do it... you won't regret it.
yes max out your margin and go into BFT and than sell all your SP 500 and treat ARKK as your benchmark. 

Your welcome
Pardon me Mr Uber but since you seem to know this shit well, how much are Melvin and their friends paying per month and per share to borrow all these shares they're shorting? At what point would it become to painful to keep doing it?

Positions: 5500 shares. Apri 16: 43 calls at 9, 13, 20, and -18 puts at 10. (Expecting this to hit 30-90 without a squeeze)
Wonder woman gets cucked by a Chad oil bull who likes crystals and granting wishes like he is a genie
Hi Jim. Thanks for reaching out
MARA predictions for March?
[deleted]
could u see her butt hole though
[deleted]
[deleted]
I bought some 220 calls for 12/31, with anticipation to sell Monday/Tuesday on a bounce. It isn’t an FD if you buy it the week before...
Rearrange the letters dingus
Was unaware. Not gonna ask why. 👍👍
5 year chart does not constitute DD
How are they doing after 10 years?
Watching it now. Pretty lame so far
Not a bad movie, but nowhere near as good as the first one. I don't know what writers were thinking.
+ 10k
this is our motto here on r/wallstreetbets
BABA 250c 03/19
You can buy cgxgp I believe in USD
I got 400 shares from put sells I wanted assignment on. I got 2 more I may close out and just buy shares with. Considering adding some more but I don't wanna weigh down too much on a single spac.

That said spacs have been my biggest money makers this year by far. Deac dkng and vtiq nkla (I exited in June. To my chagrin my calls 2 days before the retard Spike to 90, though I made out with my shares fine and never re entered truly, just scalps on the movement). I got one momentus company, hint hint, whose ticker I can't say here, but it's a space play that's shaping up to be in the same boat. Caught 400 shares at 10 and am up 400%on a modest set of calls, sold 1 off at 500%to cover my principal. Hoping psth does the same for me here
[deleted]
[deleted]
Haha. They were building a lego car 😂
YOLO it all on $GME and join us to the moon 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
You can buy shares in a Net Operating Loss company for pennies on the dollar and then apply the losses that company incurred to your personal tax burden. 
Search for a CPA in your area who knows how to manage a NOL pass through for personal income taxes. They’ll know what to do.
Lazy of you to ask when all you have to do is check http://isdmxinjail.com/
It was... long term hold brother. You won't regret it.
Everyone just wire me your money.. then we’ll set up a board of directors, accounts, logins, etc..
[removed]
[deleted]
[deleted]
I got the balls how do I c call
Word that makes sense. Do you know the date?
this sounds fun. I want to finish too
Any port in a storm
Exactly, his advice isn’t for the financially literate
Backdoor Roth. Make sure you got the max in your (Roth) 401k too if you are a high earner (57K limit).
You’re jealous, condescending, broke, and retarded. Lol.

Thank you OP for your advice!
Exactly no homo though.
45k split between GME and PLTR
😳
OPKO health at $4.10
the only good part was the cumshot lmao
Actual DD? Where am I?
Well why would you buy weekly calls on something people said was going to move next year?
I had to look this up and do my DD. If it happens then holy chit
Imagine a feminist wrote a superhero movie.
Stare at wonder woman
I do it in the bathroom and shoot it off into the toilet
Wtf? I got i-bio or something at like 3$ and it dropped. 10$ is way better.
At least with Herbalife I get a neat protein shake..
Well, TSLA went somewhere, and tankers didn't. Someone pumped it and dumped it.
This dude thinks I care about my life. Lmao

Dave also didn’t have ARKG
[removed]
[deleted]
Wonder if there is some insider knowledge of section 230
Not to be that guy, but you’re wrong and weird. I’ve made piss loads of money in the market and still find mad joy in Christmas. Post your positions otherwise we will think you’re a poor who made 2000 and thinks he’s Jordan Belfort. You should stop trading if you are ahead, because you’re addicted my guy
[deleted]
[deleted]
[removed]
[removed]
Wack. Buy the sports car.
That Belle Delphine vid was pretty weak...

Still got to see teddies so no complaints.
Tbh trash
Is lazr still a thing or should I just dump it in pltr?
Anybody thinks Apple gonna pull an Intel on Goldman Sachs and become the next big bank?
[removed]
Why?
gay sex is only gay if the balls touch, correct?

otherwise its just like having sex with a girl. theres practically zero difference. dunno why more people dont do this
FCEL like 2 months ago
Ok boomer
I didn't think it was very good
There aren’t even options available yet. It’ll really take off at that point
[deleted]
FUcking Trump still can't fucking finish his Tik Tok job.
Yes
wow I aged 50 years reading this comment
No, lol. They are call options.

Warrant deal only applies to the commons. That's the whole point of tontine. To stop a sell-off, ergo the stock will only go up. 

Ackman firm only begins to make money if the stock goes up by at least 20%. He needs this to be huge.
[removed]
Nobody tell him

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
It's what the shares are worth if the deal DOESN'T finalize by the date, and a refund is given to the shareholders
the real question is why are you not going public. Dude you get a rockstar haircut and say you are an edgy software company. Act all cool and special in your interviews, and you profit easy. Cmon dude, its not that hard being a CEO
lmao we don’t care about your Roth here we want to see your Robinhood all time 🙄
I'm lost.
Alright, just went full retard because of you fucks. YOLOing right now. On Monday I'll trade all the rest of my shares for more calls. GME 🚀🚀🚀
Privately held lol
Trump isn’t actually trying to win the election imo. He is setting up for 2024, which will probably be the 1000x easier to win. Biden/Harris will need navigate through Covid, a stock bubble (you can only print so much money), falling dollar, China getting more powerful, multiple middle eastern conflicts, and China going after Taiwan. 

I’m sure there are a lot more. Point is the next 4 years will be brutal.
Their retirement fund sold some Tesla, but this is they kicker: they bought more BABA. Shit. That is bad fucking timing. Maybe WSBer runs it?
Got axed by S
I’m invested in cineplex. Your DD is too long and has no rocket ships so I didn’t read it.

1. The cineworld deal is NOT happening. Cineplex has has said as much in their last earning report.

The issue is who has to pay the termination fee of about 25 million dollars.

Cineplex is under the 625 million dollar debt level and these transactions they made would keep them that way as well. (Selling head office and Scotiabank investment)

Cineworld and AMC are in big trouble . AMC is probably weeks away from bankruptcy they have too much debt and the interest they pay will cripple them forever.

Cineworld is in major trouble and if they were somehow forced to do the transaction they would claim bankruptcy. I believe this will not be resolved till September in any case so cineworld can see how things turn out and either pay to settle or just include this in the bankruptcy.

Cineplex is the only major Canadian movie theatre chain nationwide and movies are sorely missed. If you guys sre happy staying st home watching Netflix or whatever then that’s good for you. However, movie theatres in COVID free or reduced areas bounce back immediately after COVID is cleared

There will be bumps in the road but by June we should see 15$. Assume terrible earning reports until then with the only silver lining being reduced costs
You idiot, you fucking Baffoon. WHY would GameStop sell something they claim to stop? FUCKING STUPID IDIOT RETARD! Palantir more like planet yeah, PLTR to the moon 🚀🚀🚀🚀
[removed]
Funny r/stocks thread with a bunch of concerned boomers 

https://www.reddit.com/r/stocks/comments/kkn3uz/a_lot_of_reddits_meme_stocks_have_520xd_in_just_8
[deleted]
There’s a little fomo on some of them for sure, but still enough out there fairly priced
[deleted]
Dude, you should make baby steps and you’ll be the WSB version of Dave Ramsey!
2/19 31s and 4/16 33s
Shares and calls on VALE I'm ready
You like action and how fast money moves.
[deleted]
[deleted]
30 Contracts at 25$ strike for June Expiration... oh what the fuck -- 🚀  🚀  🚀  🚀  🚀  🚀  🚀  🚀  🚀  🚀  🚀  🚀  🚀  🚀  🚀  🚀  🚀  🚀  🚀  🚀  🚀
Buy more RIOT got it
I agree with you. I bought some CGX because $9 is a steal. Great work. Q4 2020 earnings call Feb 11th. 

Definitely hard to understand this company if you aren't Canadian. They have done a good job of investing back into their locations focusing on the experience. Scene cards, Phone App, etc. 

Lots of the comic movies they help hype and I know a ton of parents my age love taking their kids. Do I think it will die off? Yes. Do I think thats actually going to happen before the company can react to it properly? No.
Get that shit waxed. So simple.
Thats called being addicted. It‘s literally the same as drugs, your brain only getting that sweet dopamine from that one specific thing.
[deleted]
Startup going well
Gotcha. So... No stimmy then at all?
No, magic points
T h c🐝
QCLN, TAN, ICLN
[deleted]
MP is a legit stock too
I appreciate you’re post. I have to say I think you’re off base on $BRPA (NRXP). This drug will likely get EUA in the next few weeks. Given the number of vented hospitalized patients, the failure of Remdeathsivir and convalescent plasma, the profit sharing agreement with $RLFTF this is 10 billion minimum earning company. The biotech Pharma usually trade at 3-5x Earnings. With outstanding shares at completion of merger you’re looking at 50-83mil. Market cap of 30bil min. Low end estimate 200 Share. Top end 375$. Given warrant 1:1 desperation of BRPA to complete (fucked if not) this is going to complete. Next stop moon. 

Please do you’re own DD. Opinions only.
**There is something to be learned from this fight.**

1. Don't bring a toothpick to a machete fight
2. The NAV of PSTH is $20. That means that the equivalent stock price as compared to traditional SPACs that IPO at $10 is currently just $13.

Plus, most don't have 2/9 warrants attached, the next biggest SPAC size is Chamath's IPOF, which is $1.6B (PSTH is $5B with an option to go to $7B) and Ackman has obtained a very serious investor list.
[deleted]
[deleted]
You and me both Buddy
I believe you're here because you're addicted to high risk trading and this subreddit.
What an idiot
He's such a fucking boss when he's actually using his brain to communicate. 

It's just his tweets that self-drive me nuts.
I can’t contribute to my Roth IRA. Are you doing back door IRA as well?
Where would the big pushbacks come from? There are no more available shares available to short? They have started using puts! They could try spin some news in the media to stir up some bad press but everyone left in it has diamond hands 😎💎 and we're actually starting to see some positive news about GME!
"Netscape Navigator"...I remember!
God you’re so g🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈yyyyy!
Positions or ban
Actors be actin’
Quick $50 with what little margin I have available
I’d say 3-5 trillion in Next 3 years is realistic prob 5
PLTR has just acquired $150m in contracts and you’re debating selling over some video games ???
No... what made you think that?
I think it was kind of a feedback loop.  It seems too much of a coincidence to have the announcement have been on the 13th day for it to have been unplanned.  I think the announcement spiked the price, which led to shorts covering, further spiking the price, retail FOMO, and you have a 20% jump.
I HAVE WON THE MAN OF THE YEAR AWARD


..given out by my mom
Damn. I came face to face with her in real life. Gal gadot 😍
They aren't but are much harder to find in the European market. Stupid.
It’s hard not to smile man.
If you don’t buy GME shares, you’re a 🤡
Wish I could brag about my Roth IRA but I make too much to contribute any smh.
[deleted]
This. Between that and The Office (albeit it is on Peacock not hbo max) I see a lot of people leaving netflix in the immediate future.
there was literally no point to your birth either but you don’t see me complaining about it on reddit
Don't worry about that, because it's not hitting 150 lol.

IT'S GOING TO 1000 BOYS
Credit cards don't save any one money. Study after study has shown people spend way more with credit cards than they would have with cash or debit. Far more than what they get back in rewards. Doesn't matter how responsible the customer thinks they are. People do it subconsciously, or without realizing it, because the pain isn't felt immeditately (card doesn't have to be paid back until later versus immediate pain of paying now with cash) and it's easier to pay with a card. People spend more when they think they're being rewarded for it.
You like to live dangerously, but the only thing that'll get killed is your bank account and chances at retirement before you're 80.
But his arms are fine.
When they play with your butt cheeks
This is the way
[deleted]
Why’d you quit bettin?
Where does a guy like me get one or two of these
What's your gross profit margin? I'm thinking of starting a business in that sector?
This is the way
Yes I LOVE THOSE
I’ve been reflexively opening my stock apps over this weekend (and every weekend) and I’m always disappointed to see GME not printing cuz someone decided that you can’t trade on weekends/holidays
Zoom hates America.
🥂
Holy shit mom look at this one!
Beat it off to her
Can’t wait for the EV multiplier on AAPL. That shit is going to be 10 trillion market cap any day now
Meat pancake??? Like a burger patty?
Trader Joe’s?
You meant MT?
You  need a seatbelt. Sit back, we're just getting started.
Now flip it to a mill
I've always wanted to know what happened to him after

Like did RH reach out and say "sign this and never speak out it and we are closing your account goodbye"
[removed]
wtf
When i first saw this video I was just starting so I didn’t know what the shit meant or what was going on. Muah. Perfection.
I want to be mean to you but ngl this is too wholesome. Cheers dude 🍻
Around 48
Can we ban this shit and op. Leave that trash on /r politics.
Oh ok cool first time doing this
They make me so damn happy! 🍾
You’re literally like a god to them, I envy you greatly
There was literally no point to this new Wonder Woman movie
[removed]
COTY,  an almost three bagger in three months.
Sirus or whatever that demon space radio beam service is.
But it makes my trust fund look like the empty jar it is.
Omw to get a nice Asian massage
3-4 days after the lockout check volume to see how many new shares have potentially traded hands, base your buy off that. Like every IPO existing shareholders have waited a long time to sell. Some, not all, will dump their shares the second they can especially considering how hard the pandemic has hit some people.
I’m addicted to high risk trading and this subreddit. I founded a technology startup, why the fuck am I here
lol 49
Guh
adn they keep falling for it
Fuck this guy
Mando was the only good part
MT = Moon Trip 🚀
Bro I’m feeling this cider I just drank and my nephew talking to his dad had got me in the giggles feel. 

He’s really like “Daddy this is gonna take hours and hours and hours and hour...... and hours”

My brother in law responds, “oh really? That sounds like a long time!”

**Three seconds later**

**“WOAH DAD WE FINISHED!”**

These are the moments you live for that just make you genuinely happy. Swear on it. Life is good. 🍻


Edit: holy fuck I left myself open to so much slander. Lmao they’building a lego car at the kitchen table.
Yea I’m a buyer at 200
MM gonna do what MM do
Ewww
Amen brother
That’s the dream
I let him watch because he actually doesn't give a fuck, he doesn't even look or anything so
[deleted]
Yeah hot girl feet 🥵🥵🥵🥵
Smallfeetpets
Chinese stocks are too risky for me with their government, so many other American stocks that have popped.
 שקט האויב מאזין...
Might sell my Tanker shares and load up on some more VALE and MP...
All-in
Altria owns Phillip Morris USA. Publicly traded PMI is known as Phillip Morris.
[deleted]
The first one wasn’t so bad. I like things taking place during WWI (when both sides were the bad guys)
Peanut butter
[deleted]
He has some good basic concepts related to budgeting, but once Dave starts talking debt and avoiding credit I check out. He’s just scurred.
ew girl feet? 🤢
 upvote for iron Eagle
This isn't r/politics bruv
ROBO and BOTZ. I like ROBO more bc of how they are diversified but I totally think RAAI (robotics, automation, Artificial Intelligence) is going to be huge from now on. It is just getting started disrupting construction and restaurant industries.
BABA is a steal right now if you are in it for the long run. They have the ability to cut out the middle man aka Amazon... Direct to consumer is the future of all e-commerce. My DD = I work in manufacturing.
I’ll look them up, thanks for sharing!
Ummmm, it was.

Fun Fact: 17 of the last 19 pandemics have come from Chy-Na. . . Not new. 

Is this post about options or stocks?
She is ready to give head!
>Water freezes faster when hot.

IIRC that's either been disproven or only happens in very specific scenarios
100%. You either have to be compeltly unique or know someone. Everything else doesn't mean shit.
[deleted]
Wait 60 years? I did that Thursday and have 4 days...
how many shares is that
Was this posted ironically?
Jan 2023 calls?
When jacking off do you guys kick your pets out of the room or let them watch?
Half of 23.6 isn’t 14.29 but I hear you. I like SQ as well but I see more future revenue streams for TSLA that isn’t currently being priced in. My two biggest holdings rn are both of these companies.

Also I bet they comfortably beat 500,000
DoorDasher
Same!
Best Christmas movie there is.
One of his talking points was about the emotional pain you get from handing someone $50 and getting nothing back vs swiping a piece of plastic and getting said plastic back. 

Sure you can earn a whopping 3-6% on purchases but if you’re holding physical cash it helps you decide better on unnecessary shit....then you just saved more than whatever Amex would have gave you
Get out there and sell, Sell, SELLLLL
[removed]
Go watch pornhub feet femdom it's better.
If anything this is bullish on apple, he even admits they will make a good car, and will be a competitor.
I was searching Reddit for a chicken tenders recipe.
Did he just double the triple?
KNOCK KNOCK STOCKS GO UP THE GAINS LEGIT

WHEN THE STOCK DROP FROM TOP YOU BUY THE DIP
Yuck
im getting $38 for my VTI dividends hell yeah
Better lay the pipe right so you don’t have to lay it twice
I dont get it
I think there will be a massive amount of covering, since the price is now sitting at $20. But I’m wondering how much of the volume on Oct 9 was related to the MSFT deal
People don’t like Dave Ramsey but a lot just misunderstand his position. His advice and “programs” are literally rooted in the idea that if you’re coming to him for advice, you’re already too retarded to be managing your own money so just pay down your debts and stash the extra in index funds or mutual funds managed by competent people.
Why's you get Robinhood gold for a $600 account?
whoa none of the fish are fucking dude calm down
Prolly go to 40 then settle around 30
Ford
Longview is trading pretty high. Nav is 10$ ish. I like Longview and butterfly, but it's up crazy this week. I think around ticker change it'll trade like lazr. Quick in and out if you can time it right.
Media fear mongering.  It spreads easier, but vaccine is just as effective.  Nothing to see here.
Ok boomer.
Nah u good fam....

strike?
European shekels ?!?!? did i miss israel joing the EU while watching my $AI going 🚀🚀🚀
It hasn't announced any companies its in the process of making a deal with. Thats why it's not in the news....nothing to talk about yet. Right now its just a spot to store cash
You mean SAC’s top performing trader? I doubt Melvin will be the loser here
I’m a retard and I approve this message. FUCK HIS WIFES BOYFRIEND 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀

I FUCKING HATE GAY BEARS 🌈🌈🌈🌈🐻🐻🐻🐻
It's not done dropping though
I'm watching it now. I want to see Gal Gadot do anal.
$PLUG. It was about $4 at the time. Sold it for $8 lol.
So how do the warrants work regarding call options? If I own a call option prior to the merger announcement, handhold that option through the merger, do I get the 2/9 warrants?
Because it’s Wonder Woman
Hey I'm a retard. I'll go watch the YouTube link in your op.
March happened because we all thought everyone who got the virus would fucking die. We know a lot more now including treatments and therapies so no, I wouldn’t bank on another March scenario but you’re welcome to buy some puts
I chuckled and upvoted, but you’re wrong.
[removed]
Where’s the best feet pics?
[deleted]
[deleted]
[removed]
Please elaborate more , I made over 200k in my work this year , and I lost over 160k in my addiction
[me](https://media.giphy.com/media/j0YV0HqO178Gs/giphy.gif) every time I see those 3 fucking fish and a tree
10 contracts of 10p 4/21
A 2 dollar stock
Yup, you are an addict.
Based
🐝🐝🐝
shit
Maybe
FBI, this guy right here
Can I get a TL;DW? Was considering watching but all the reviews are pretty rough
[deleted]
[deleted]
Where do you see that he's buying US Steel I can't find that
Google coinbase. They are going public elsewhere.
that was like February 2020
Let’s go weekend dow!!!
Why? Keep hearing this.
Why do you think it'll crash now?
My only thing with PS TH don’t they have warrants at like 23 or something. I don’t understand it that much but doesn’t that basically mean that’s what the shares are worth when the deal is finalized
Simple really... Money doesn't buy happiness. It *IS* happiness.
[deleted]
I’ve probably got 100+ downvotes on GME at this point. I could care less about it, but my account $$$ is still riding high.
Tardism doesnt have a spectrum.
I'm not mad at anyone here
Lol I got cash because they never credited my account with a free stock. They gave me 10 dollars
[removed]
I think bottom is more like 180. I'd straddle.
Not even index funds...he wants people to invest in high fee, front load mutual funds offered by his network of “SmartVestor Pros”
Did you not just watch the video? Go to his YouTube channel, literally hundreds of us know him outside WSB as Roaring Kitty & he stunned the world revealing himself to concurrently be u/DeepFuckingValue.
This better mean my July T calls will print.

Also, being important enough to attract terrorists is very bullish. All in.
I’m negative 2k delta GME. *taps head*
Go upstairs and have your mom help you
Damn :/ plot holes?
By all means, dispute my argument. Or just resort to sticking to your own misinformed conclusions. I’m in the business of making fucking money. I believe this is stripe. And if it isn’t (and this is why I believe calling you a retard is an understatement) this is still going to pop off even if it’s some dud like subway. This is the ground floor, it baffles me just how fucking weak your paper hands are
I remember you hitting it big with Amazon after that earnings lol
Can someone eli5 what the different lines in the screenshot are? What app is this?
I'm totally out of this - what's the big deal that is the same person? Do you have a link to any information what this means? Be great to understand what this means
Most super hero movies are trash
Turn those machines back on!
Nah, read recent news. Simple Google search yo.
Would love to hear how you think there will be a housing crash? I have $NAIL 2022 LEAPs, material shortage and costs rising, skilled labor shortage, near 0% interest till 2023, a focus on getting more minorities in affordable housing instead of renting. I wouldn’t be surprised to see a 40yr home loan during the Biden Admin... but I’m genuinely curious as to why you’re shorting what ‘should be‘ a strong/safe market, especially with the dollar decreasing. Fuck bonds, buy land and real estate. We learned our lesson in 2008.
Big time man
>!boo 👻!<
With how I pick options I’ll have to get a 2nd job to afford an 8track
Don't have enough for all of them but currently all in GH IV, hoping it goes to 20
[deleted]
[removed]
Buying cigarettes for teenagers is great; it's easy money and you get to know what it was like to be popular in high school.
[deleted]
😳
Big fan of debit spreads, but I want Options Clearing Corp. to open up the $40+ strikes before I sell anymore calls I think. Had been doing $15/$35C
who the fuck has a roth?
Cuckolph
Ban
Never been there but I’ll answer your questions
Meme scholar will be a legitimate profession in the coming years.
The new Wonder Woman was fucking trasshhhhh
December 24th is also the 13th consecutive day on the list.  Monday could see some covering...
[deleted]
You fucking blind?
Hello Jim
BigDickDeerDan
No we’re not retarded
So is THC🅱️ priced in or is there still room to grow?
do them as soon as you can but anytime between jan-april
Dongus
A hunch is basically your subconscious brain making millions of calculations on data that you've intaked, so yes trust that shit.
I got my flair like august 2019 lmao
I thought so but Hulu has a shot ton of animated shows if that’s your thing. There’s a ton of good TV too. Original content is average
Congratulations to anybody stupid enough to buy puts on T
They are just making it worse for themselves in the long run.
[deleted]
A retard on the bus was yelling "I have something you dont have I have something you dont have?" "An extra chromosome and 2,000 GME shares"

&#x200B;

Thats all the DD i needed. More chromosomes = better right?
Yeah that is it - seriously mega green.  There is no way trump actually letting the bill expire is bad news.
What y’all thinking this week? Green ?
Sounds like it’s time to buy into the forbidden unspoken alternative internet money
Gaper
Ah you read the same article I did.

T h bR might be my choice.
You want in gme short term to bounce back into pltr? You have that backwards. Gme is not predictable and isn't likely to just run without big pushbacks. That said, gme will probably end 2021 higher than pltr and has vastly further to run during the squeeze
[removed]
X to FUCKING MARS
Buy calls for Jan 8. YOLO
🥭 doing that stimulus math 🤣 

https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/1343027900740734976?s=21
[deleted]
Good call might do that
Rudolph Giuliani
Thank god we have auto pilot and summon.
Yes. But I’m hearing WW sucked.
Jim Cramer is such a beast that he cucks so many guys wives and girlfriend raw dog, his doctor put him on the "playboi cocktail"- which is a combination daily doses pre-exposure HIV prophylaxis, Valtrex for herpes, antibiotics to cover gonorrhea and chlamydia, and he is already immune to over 100 strains of HPV already. Once, just to flex how well this works, he reluctantly went a gay gang bang and let strangers cream pie his butthole. He its an important process that must be done at least a week to keep his immunity up. He absolutely hates it apparently but I think he secretly likes it.
Emma Roberts is proof that the only thing that matters is who you know.  Convince me I’m wrong.
If the dates were only late Oct/Nov..
Ban
Nobody tell him
[removed]
Noice
Lower chance of riots in general I would say
You're coming off as the dickhead with this post, not the 19 year old you're talking about.
Also, fuck you 🌈🐻
it's hilarious to see losses in this green green market
i only use it when its free to me
Just buy PLTR bro
Higher if you live in the turd world
gaydeer
😆
^^
That’s a good laugh
Lots of tax talk on the main page with all these big wins. I suggest anyone who has large gains or even large salaries look into the Net Operating Loss Entity pass through. The cares act raised deductible losses to 100% for 2018-2020.
I think long term it will be a big winner. Right now, not for me, think it will fall further then maybe get a few leaps
Mainly ARK funds ICLN PSTH and this sneaky bitch WCC. 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀⛵️🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
[deleted]
Hanukkah has always been disappointing for us jews with stingy parents. Why should PSTH be any different?
Also CLIF
What strike are you looking at?
Wow so am I, now this is a company I can get behind, Tesla calls with stimmy check ASAP.
JUST THROW SALT WTF
Very often
If you were a reindeer what would your name be?
Don’t know why people are expecting a red week. Right now the fight is between $600 checks and $2000 checks. It’s either going to be slightly green or mega green.
If vaccine isn't working on it then PANIC.
[removed]
Welcome
what the fuck is this r/investing?
Chances of food riots in 2021: Higher or lower?
Got my whole family in on it, boomer dad included. Sent him some wsb dd and he was in
Never if you don’t withdrawal is my understanding.  Treat it like a Roth IRA
I have 10 shares. For fun
wait you’re alive
Fuck, I'm such a degen... I'm actually dying of boredom cause futures aren't available...
What if it’s coinbase?
Looking back, you did pretty damn well. Your dates were off, but Hey, You Call It Correctly
Tfw you sort by new and see a post by steel daddy 😍😍
Look up Roaring Kitty on YouTube. That’s him 🥸
Dude, reading his post the day before this came out, and then actually seeing this video was probably the highlight of my year.
this is the gayest thing ive read and I read a lot of gay erotica
Hi guys, housing crash, short VNQ, that's all y'all cunts
Anyone from Pittsburgh willing to answer a few questions for someone trying to move there in the next few months?

Short position on RKT
Long I POC, G HIV, and PLTR BTW lol
Out of the last year of trading I was only green for about 7 solid beautiful days.
They always crush 4th quarter though. It's the other three quarters where they take major losses.
New news to me. Zoom shared user data with Beijing 🌈🐻s come out of your caves.
Just did some DD and here my favorite SPACs that I feel are undervalued at the moment. Currently only holding G H I V but I'm opening positions in the others on Monday.

G H I V - Largest SPAC deal ever. Currently undervalued. Merging with United Wholesale Mortgage which is basically another RKT (but trading at $13 vs $21)

T H B R - Indie produces semiconductors for EVs and has billions in backorders. Their competition trades around $100. Potential 5-10 bagger.

E X P C - Blade makes EV helicopters and is undervalued at only $11.

N P A - AST SpaceMobile will have a space based mobile network that will allow 5G without additional apparatus using patented technology they have. Also only trading around $13.

P S T H - With a floor of $20, this trading at $26 is like another SPAC trading at $13. This is one of the most hyped SPACs out there and doesn't even have a target yet. Bill Ackman is all you need to know. This will climb as soon as a merge is announced.
[deleted]
I believe there’s some debate on when he actually received the bill. People are saying he received it on Wednesday the 23rd, which means the 10 day mark would be Jan 4th because it excludes Sunday’s. Since congress 116 is adjourned on Jan 3rd, the bill will most likely die instead of becoming law because of the congress changeover.
[deleted]
I remember the sea captain's steering wheel, whatever ya call it, desktop icon.  What a waste of a great visual.
2 lines = 2 screens 1080P with Magenta Plus
Is that not an entirely different industry in an entirely different situation? Wtf does that have to do with anything? 😂😂 Remember when everyone thought TSLA was overvalued?
Nice haha good to hear I'm not the only one thinking like that. I think I only have like 1 vaccine stock, used to have INO but not since Cathie dumped them.

Yeah I have those 3 and really like them, herd an interview with her where she said CRSP, EDIT and NTLA had foundational patents in the space so grabbed those 3 to start. Grabbed NVTA since she said it was leader in testing, also grabbed VCYT in testing space since herd it was a lung cancer testing thing and my grandma died from lung cancer so was like fuck  cancer 🖕so a little emotionally attached to that one,  PSNL which seems like half testing half crazy vaccine stuff? PACB since seems like it's gonna be basically new ILMN, and ARCT since I remember Cathie saying their vaccine might not need to be kept as cold and be a one shot thing.  Also was able to find Evogene / Aquabounty in ag-tech space bottom fishing off her ARKG chart :)

Really want to get some BEAM for that new type of editing which I think they can do?  and CERT for the technical side of  stuff but don't have the cash for those ones yet.
wait what are taxes
**Man you guys need to at least skim the DD. This is negligence.**

**ALSO THIS IS PROOF OF MY CENTRAL THESIS ALL ALONG THAT NOBODY KNOWS ABOUT THIS SPAC AND THE PRESS IS DELIBERATELY NOT RUNNING STORIES ON IT UNTIL IT POPS.**
Riot pumping back to 2017 levels?
Incoming CDC dir. says new covid strain likely already in America. Priced in or should we keep our finger on the sell button and expect a repeat of March?
I like winker
Life savings into X no fucking stops on this rocket to Uranus
Q1 2021 - SOURCED FROM MY INSIDER
I was also trying to find that thread today lul
Steve Carell finally gets a decent sized tv , but still ends up smashing it .
My tell has always been dream mirrors. If I can warp my reflection a little, I’m lucid.
Retard
[removed]
The perfect girl doesn’t exist
your gut reaction is correct
When do you have to do your taxes for roobin hood?
omg I’m so honored you think I’m winker he’s my shitposting idol lmao
They took friends off of Netflix and put it on hbo max. That almost convinced me
All these  🌈 wealth management books speak of making your coffee at home and saving money. If anything this quarantine proved them right as I’ve saved so much money not buying SBUX
Let’s talk about Roth IRA! What do you have? I’m in year 2 of mine, maxed out on VTI first year (6k and have about 2k in this year I put in VTI. I should have maxed out already but been naughty and playing in robinhood instead. Thinking about filling up the rest with something beaten down like XLE that I can hold for years while collecting nice dividend. What do you guys keep in your Roth’s?
The biggest thing I learned was that no number was enough. Here I was staring at $16k in my RH account and just a few months prior I was literally eating rice and ramen noodles with $5 in my bank account. I realized afterwards that I became so detached to how much money I had that it didn't even seem real to me. It's like I didn't even care about the money, I only cared about the game. Trading became a game to me and I lost touch with reality. I would lose thousands of dollars and feel nothing. Gambling addiction is real.
so you guys still arent going to buy PBW?
GHI V

BF T

GI K

PDA C

SE AH

CRH C

FUS E
Opportunity cost : sometimes it’s better to sell than to bag hold for years.
Fuck I hate bears but I did appreciate this comment
[removed]
I’m tryna exploit
I did the math and you owe approximately $2,494.01
😕
Google the mpemba effect
It's free for a reason.
Or you can’t help yourself, only for three weeks every decade.
Think or swim
With all the supplied artwork especially.
I got it at 13 ish lol 400 shares and adding. It will go up a lot. Let’s see. You wanna bet?
I was told there is going to be a short squeeze
Yes they’re made out of steel
Yeah for real, I’m not seeing it
It's all random imo
[deleted]
No and don’t let any intimidating “DD” calling you names because you don’t read magic lines on a chart
Last time I saw you post I didn’t even have a flair yet lol
No, if you insist on having a book, just print this sub reddit and staple the pages together, it's not rocket science. Maybe get out the crayons and draw a pretty picture on the front so you have a nice cover.
Yes
Hell yeah seriously nothing that could make the market go down this week
same it’s boring af just watching an apple lol 

If I’m to stare at fruit I prefer bananas anyway
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
Jesus.
Mythic Quest
Lemme know what happens. I posted this once and got destroyed so I’m too scared
Melvin is a stupid gay ass name
Remember, how back in April everyone thought tankers are free money?
This is amazing (for anyone thinking about not clicking) 😂 I propose this as a proper shitpost
Thanks buzz. Ban.
[removed]
I have a Cheddarflow sub. Been trying to see unusual activity and AMZN stood out since it typically doesn’t have dark pool trades according to the data that I can review.
summarized lol jesus read a book and get less retarded
What’s TD :(
All in April calls
❤️mars soon comrades
My Netscape says it needs an Update.
that’s a winner too
[deleted]
“Bro you should have 15 years living expenses in a high yield savings account just in case ok”
Welcome, Melvin
It hasn't. Full remote work was what I had always dreamed of. Now I just need this lease to end so I can move to a cheaper place in the boonies.
You can venmo me the money and ill buy them for you
I guess if you hold the shares through the merger you get additional warrants - idunno, I never heard of that before but I’m also kind of retarded.
[Irs has said they can't go after the rich and get tons of poor's instead](https://www.foxbusiness.com/money/irs-audits-poor-taxpayers-easier)
Is there anything good on Apple TV? I got a year for free when I bought my new phone but I haven’t so much as looked at it
Dumb move, should have jumped on the IPO hype train with ABNB and DASH, dumped their shares at some ridiculous price and GTFO.
blumpkin time
It’s all fun and games til that refreezes into a solid sheet of ice
[deleted]
Its control the narrative V2 lmao
I'm just patiently waiting for my VALE to pop
Came here for the GME, stayed cuz 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Wait there’s robot flex arms now? That’s dope as fuck 🦾
[deleted]
[deleted]
check out this scotch glass i got for xmas [https://i.imgur.com/z7ksshq.jpg](https://i.imgur.com/z7ksshq.jpg)

freezes a big triangle ice cube on one side of the glass so it doesnt melt as fast. breddy neat
Mines are $31. You dumb
Lol winker u trollin hard tonight
GH IV, IN AQ, BT WN
Ok good luck with your new religion
At least you don't have to worry about PMs from mods, they're all gay.
lang & schwarz, swb/fwb has options on it i believe

[https://www.ls-tc.de/de/aktie/gamestop-aktie](https://www.ls-tc.de/de/aktie/gamestop-aktie)
Just one screen sd
Breaking: No, it's STILL not Monday yet.
> You got a good feeling? Don't doubt ur vibe.. cause a hunch is really all you need to have.

You definitely belong here sir.
mt prob going on to be on sale monday they had an explosion
Stupid fuck its positions and ban. We’re not here to teach retards and autistics. We’re here to exploit them
BALLS FUCKING DEEEEPEPEPEPEPPPPPPP
wait did they just reuse the Christmas banner from last year? lazy af mods lmao
MT about to blow up, strap on rockets.
Can we break Dave like we did Cramer?
[deleted]
IM SO JACKED TO THE TITS 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀
I think you missed your chance
Inspect element is a very nice tool
What about DM?
Hanukkah been over. Ackman better do something with PSTH. Dead money tied up at this point.
[deleted]
So you learned one technical term and now think you're smart. 

Yup, pretty much completely retarded.
cant read so fuck you
What? Tell us more.
That Parliament sample!
Thanks internet explorer.
🦾🦾
[removed]
Puts on Ohio Teachers. They should have came to us for advice.
My wife’s boyfriend knows the way.
[removed]
Hope you have Brady, apparently
I think they are selling cash secured puts on baba and collecting the premium on the puts lose of value they sold
🥵
When your mom says dinner is ready.
Tanker gang taught me the lesson of wsb pump and dumps. 

RIP tanker gang
[deleted]
ARK ETF's looking oversold
Wtf this isn't a 14 year olds birthday party
Why do we need to read?
[removed]
"I don't have time to shit about"... As you post non stop on wsb. Okay champ
Aight, ill keep in touch by following you
you paid your tution there, hope you learend something, what did you learn?
is it making you cry again?
I’m buying up to $50k in incremental options positions for mostly Jul21 this week.

LFG indeed!
Now that’s the kind of shit that makes me hard as fuck!
Present
I am illiterate. Does that mean gains?
Yeah I think him allowing unemployment benefits to expire, the eviction moratorium to expire, and the government to shutdown might throw a small wrench in the parabolic ascent.
IV will probably keep rising as we go imo
Any retard here who knows if there is a way of buying GME Calls in Germany ? I got a nice amount of shares but i would like to buy some options too

🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Hmm.. in researching MT this seems like a no brainer. Maybe I’m missing something. Still mine as well load up on some more 25c leaps, they’re cheap as hell.
Take my fucking money
Stand back and stand by
NIO gonna moon Monday.  $70
Big fish have legal teams. You're the easy fish
you idiots should sell your MT for a loss and pick up some MP 🚀🚀🚀
40k is pretty peanuts as far as trust funds go.
for real tomorrow it’s going to 🚀
which spacs tho
Quarantine hasn’t been so bad - all this free government money actually gave me a savings account 🤷🏻‍♂️
[deleted]
Dude it's 2020 the correct term is incompetent nazi
110% IV on 1/2022 holy shit
There is no spoon.
[deleted]
Definitely real loss porn, funny as fuck complicated/extravagant memes. I think at one point any post with less than a 10k loss or gain would be banned. There were a number of people with actual intelligent teachings, several large scale and professional traders, often I'd come here for news as it would be faster than any news organization. Made big gains on a couple things from the daily thread simply by in the first group of people getting news. This place is a disaster now, rarely amusing, always very annoying which leads to last part. Noobs weren't allowed to post fucking clueless posts asking for help, one would be banned for asking about simple trading concepts you can find on Google in 2 seconds. I only glance in randomly now as this sub is useless.
[deleted]
Son of a bitch I’m in.
[deleted]
Deep in the hole on my 12/31 DKNG calls, gonna need a Christmas miracle next week
Sold me. In for another $10k on Monday if it’s green and $20k if it’s red. LFG.
I'm not going to recommend anything but all stock trading is logic.

So whenever you learn, if you understand the logic of it. Then you are good.

So if Youtube videos / reading online fail you to understand that logic. Then go for books for sure.
In other news water is wet and america fucks the poor
Full story, who is this champ?
[deleted]
NIO gang? Existent or na?
[removed]
I’m holding coz they’re only worth $50 now
imagine actually having an emergency fund  😂🤣
RIOT’s gonna moon tomorrow
Lol "intentional act" not "terrorist act".
fuckin A
this
Can’t stop, won’t stop, GameStop!
Guys, you realize that this is a guy who’s talked about only investing in two stocks for the longest time before gme right?
Is this r/maledatingstrategy?
If the stock opens below $28 on Monday I would advance positions, yes.
spy 6/9/2021 420c
I get that most people are trying to make money off the squeeze but I see a lot of comments on other threads from people who are genuinely bullish on GME for the next year or two and that's what my post is in response to.
ICLN gang check-in here
TA says we're oversold from last week's dip.
Old. News.
[PP](http://www.haukfitness.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/08/im-fat-and-happy-fat-guy.jpg)
Green as hell because of stimulus hopes
Reporting in
[deleted]
GUH!
Weak. BAN
Lol nice, would you say leaps on etfs are overall a safe play (your non-degen side question)
Why do I need to read it
It’s certainly possible
It was a valiant effort at least. I'm smarter than I look
Idk but I’m going all in on roblox and bumble when they come out
I might not even file my robinhood taxes. Surely there’s bigger fish to Fry out there than me
This must be a sine.
Interesting 

What are you implying?
Any price above $0 is overpriced
ICLN gang? Existent or na?
[deleted]
If you don't YOLO, what *life* is there to even live? Wage cucking till you're so old that your dick don't even work anymore? Damn Boomers forever gonna boom on our dreams.
Just try to buy PLTR for $10 and if you get filled you know it is a dream.
Yep people always hate and jinx it
Snap was an insane run. Still can't believe that crap has a mkt cap around $80B.

It should have partnered with nkla. After all legend says a badger dissappears after 10 seconds.
Started trading in 2017 after graduating college. Started off small with 2k into gold stocks, made about 20% gain before jumping on the weed bandwagon. Bought CANN (didn't look at fins, did paper math) swing traded for a bit with 20% gain until it dropped dec 2018. Averaged down with 5k invested. Brought it up to 10k and sold at 100% gain in April. Thought I was hot shit and moved to another low cap weedstock where I watched everything go to shit from there. Tried to average down in September with 10k but was to blind to leave weed stocks. 

So finally, pandemic hits, I have 22k invested across purely weed stocks with about 8k portfolio value. Rebounded to 18k by may still didn't sell. Watch it drop again with me holding my loses. Decided fuck this low caps sucks I'm blind something needs to change. Started selling my losers (still holding a 15k loss on one stock).

September comes, I borrow 23k at 3.45% interest (perks of working for a bank). Put 15k into a large reit (worth 18k today), put 8k into the mso train (worth about 14k today), finally took a massive L on my 15k loss (5k remaining) which is already up to 8k. Finally back to breakeven.

Learned the hard way cash is king. Stick with a clean balance sheet company, fuck penny stocks (large caps can have the same crazy gainz without as much risk), and most importantly when an industry is hot and bloated, don't FOMO and move on
What about corn gang? 🌽🌽🌽
I’ll be ready to buy a dip. Businesses/schools are too integrated to make a change quickly.
picked up 7/2021 420c's

going to pick up more next week.
Shit I forgot about this. I got cucked.
BABA back to $240 by oew
Melvin is a betamale name
Interesting. How does one see the dark pool prints? I saw someone on Twitter post that AMZN is historically bullish in January. I have shares and calls.
better than r. investing where I copped a 60 day xmas ban for calling a dumb redneck a dumb redneck. damn cheek of it. 

I am boycotting them for 90 days for being losers until the dumb redneck mods fire each other, or personally apologise.  no arguing, these mods need to be shown a firm hand. 90 days.
Do we think Trump not signing the bill will lead to a red week? 

Bipartisan majority means him signing/not signing should be a non-factor, but temporary government shutdown could be a short term pain in the ass.
one of the biggest things i remind myself is that i’m not good at this, it’s just been a lucky month. once you start getting to confident or complacent, that tends to be when you get whacked. the 2-10 contracts are all over the place, like it could be a spy on spread or just one contract/spread on amzn which tends to be quite expensive.

good for you on the house! i wish i had more of an interest in something like that. as for the run up and down, meh, it happens. pltr looks like it’s been in a range, i’ve sold $25 puts here and there. i regret not throwing some money into shares when i was watching it at $10 but just too many plays. i might try to do a small sell off to take a break, but then again, i’ve been saying that since sept!

the chart lt looks slow and steady, but that first sept dip made me realize that my priority isnt money, so i should be careful and not reckless with it, but not get too stressed out so as long as im not overextended. then again, i became comfortable with going half a mil on margin! *applies clown makeup...*
Lol imagine not being rich and actually having to work? Fuck. Calls on anything. Pleas fly
You got it man, T is funny one.

Dividend coming up very soon.

Boomer stock, stuck at values forever.

Made impressive plays such as purchase of WB.

Possibility of either forever Boomer stock, or exponential rise as HBO Max streaming service.

Edit: I should say that it won't get much lower and it has a dividend. So there's no downside with shares, just opportunity cost.
I broke even on APHA after years of bagholding and didn’t sell it a few weeks ago. Currently red again...
I enjoyed how much you discussed delivery speeds. This is vital.

Trust Reggie, he’s on the GME board and knows his console video game autists rather well: https://twitter.com/reggie/status/1333146964238561281?s=21
> (happily, recently married)

Good thing you mentioned that but I'm afraid you're still gonna get PMs
You're absolutely right.  Theres like zero macroeconomic problems this year....
It’s like godfather.... just when I’m out they keep pulling me back in. I do try to avoid them but sometimes a degen likes to spread the wings.
What’s taks?
I read explosive diarrhea since those were the 2 main words that caught my attention
[deleted]
Bought puts on Thursday. Feeling really good
Melvin capital is the cringiest instution ever they just keep shorting GME and buying puts like leave us alone MAN >:(
Was thinking this recently. Disregarding selection Netflix is the superior product.
I wear a helmet when I go outside
Deep Cover
Holidays? Hell, I hate waiting 60.5 hours over weekends for the market to open (but who’s counting?).

You are experiencing the moving goalposts of personal expectations. Same reason your heartbeat rate stops jumping over a day’s $1K gain, then $5K, and so on. More reasons not to trade on emotions. It can easily lead to self-destruction.
Used to be great, right up until the mouse got it.
Keeping your emergency fund in a spac at nav got me straight horny.  🥵🍉🍻
I’ve been here. Just took a long break. But thanks.
Remember when SNAP was \~$6 and it was the meme stock of WSB?

Remember when GME was \~$3 and it was the meme stock of WSB (and still is)?

Time to go all in.
I just started looking into his system a few days ago. My wife and I don't have any major debt (around $1k total), but I'm just bad at managing my money. I just pay my bills and most of what's left over just kind of *poofs* away by the end of the month.

Reading through his stuff is already changing how I see things, I plan on following it to pay off my debt, set aside some emergency money, invest some long term, then come back to this sub when I have some disposable money and yolo it away.
So do it
Autists see something that no one else does. They see the writing on the wall before anyone else can even see the wall. Autists with unwavering conviction will bet their entire portfolio on their hunch and come out on top every time. Retards are just fucking retarded.
I mean, don't act like looking that up was impossible
You have to inflation adjust it to accurately compare prices. This place is full of god damn rookies.
As it craters lol

Edit: how many bags you holding lol
Ya but I shop for girls bareback
This dude is still MY hero. 

Don’t know about you tards.
>:)

:)
It’s not like that data could be replicated or put in the cloud or something... no one does that nowadays
[deleted]
So uh, $2m yolo, double down current positions, or no changes?
she sounds like a pain in the ass, tbh
Positions
I love your comments!!! You are such an amazing addition to this subreddit! You're great and I hope you stick around here :) :) :)
TMobile gives NFLX away for FREE.
We're there dude
No way tanker gang was rowdy
This
I’m starting to think I’d be a more successful sports better than stock picker because I usually shoot around 80% for sports bets and I actually made money meanwhile I’ve lost 11k on options.
There's this thing called Google where you can learn valuable information.  Like, for instance, that they shelved their offering for now.
🔒🔒🔒
This is the way
[deleted]
That was voted on and didn't pass already.
Dude can’t even pull out of a parking spot in an empty lot.
So i'm looking at "quant reports" for certain stocks on Morningstar. What i generally got from them is that they're basically meaningless.. always hear people like "BUT BRO, IT"S TRADING AT A 28% DISCOUNT TO FAIR VALUE!!!!" yeah well, if it's been trading at a 28% discount to fair value for 10 years now then i guess that's not really fair value is it? the market is calling bullshit. same way Apple was trading **below** fair value for the past 10 years up until 2020.. same as TSLA. Basically, it's all meaningless, and DD really is bullshit and generally a waste of time. You got a good feeling? Don't doubt ur vibe.. cause a hunch is really all you need to have.
lol, cheddar isn't even a real service. It's a hilarious joke.
I think it’s a random guy who got into a dispute with customer support and he said ‘oh yea, I’ll show you..’
Monday maybe dip then I load tf up on some LEAP’s
You aren't able to wear two pairs of shoes at once though.
[removed]
[deleted]
Truth
This makes me feel better about my loss
Lol excellent detective work. You should do one further back because clearly these retards (not WSB retards but actually boomer retarded) been at this for years.
I posted this on another thread but I think it fits here as well -

As someone who pulled in and out and made some money but wasn't there for this breakout.

The hype is an investor called Cohen who owns like 12% up from 10% recently.

He turned Chewy into an Amazon beater in a recent venture and he is all in on GME.

The reality of it, is that big money called an end to Gamestop well before it was going to be a reality.

So the stock price was extremely suppressed.

The rise from the COVID low is the realization that the company isn't going down and in fact, is doing quite well with a pivot to online.

I think it sticks around because it has many years of good fundamentals. Be wary because it is going to go defunct eventually. eSports isn't going to save it, the talk of turning the physical locations into competition arenas and social hubs is just bullshit.
If it’s not options then ban
[deleted]
.. Come on, you need to be able to realize this was taken from somewhere especially with the first enlarged sentence.
**[The Troubles](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The Troubles)**

The Troubles (Irish: Na Trioblóidí) was an ethno-nationalist conflict in Northern Ireland during the late 20th century. Also known internationally as the Northern Ireland conflict, it is sometimes described as an "irregular war" or "low-level war". The conflict began in the late 1960s and is usually deemed to have ended with the Good Friday Agreement of 1998. Although the Troubles mostly took place in Northern Ireland, at times the violence spilled over into parts of the Republic of Ireland, England, and mainland Europe.

[About Me](https://np.reddit.com/user/wikipedia_text_bot/comments/jrn2mj/about_me/) - [Opt out](https://np.reddit.com/user/wikipedia_text_bot/comments/jrti43/opt_out_here/) - OP can reply !delete to delete - [Article of the day](https://np.reddit.com/comments/k9hx22)

**This bot will soon be transitioning to an opt-in system. Click [here](https://np.reddit.com/user/wikipedia_text_bot/comments/ka4icp/opt_in_for_the_new_system/) to learn more and opt in.**
[deleted]
Very long post, thanks OP. I didn't read because I have no idea how to but I did manage to buy some March 2021 Calls for 260 so my lawyer will be in contact soon if I end up having to take out a second mortgage by then to pay off my margin call
How about if you accidentally lit your house on fire
[removed]
There’s a fuckton of cargo ships parked out front, that’s where the Lysol and good paper towels are.
Hold up you just said you don't do options lol
Lmao
[deleted]
Positions or ban
I take my socks off before trying another pair on. 

You animal.
Grats on RH Gold?
[removed]
That is a very nice combo imo. I went with some Dec 2020 calls that just expired worthless (small small position) and then majority of calls for June. I liked June over March when I bought a month ago, but the spread may have changed I haven't looked at those calls lately. Watching Dec 2021 though and I like those.

Anyways, yeah. We like the PSTH Monster.
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Troubles
Ring ding dong, ringa ding ding ding dong
LETS FUCKING GOOOOO 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Now quit gambling your pennies and get your shit together and hop on GME!! 🚀🚀🚀
Many were slain during the post September 2 drop.

to this day, big tech has not reached sept 2 values (Except google) while QQQ has hit ATH.

Wolverine picture frame: Softbank
Did my DD on another WTF GME post so here 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Let Me Ride is my shit, but very good choice.
They say gratitude is key but I swear once I become vocal with how good something is, it goes away. The key is to just shut up and enjoy it while it lasts jah feel.
What is this? A sad day for ANTS?!
Compact discs?
BREAKING: Zoom shared user data with Beijing.

That is all.
[deleted]
Sorry I could not read as there were no 🚀🚀in the entire post wtf
😎👍
Yes, if your sphincter is tight. If not, it will just breeze out your hole.
Incredible, I cannot believe retards like you are even allowed internet access. The fact that you believe to your core that it isn’t stripe is good news to me, because fucking retards like you are keeping the price low so I can purchase more shares. When it inevitably merges with stripe, fucking smooth-brains like you will be on the outside looking in.

Again, for the nth fucking time you mouth breathing, crayon eating, illiterate loser.

“No such deal” is a statement of the present, not the future. The only company that ackman has had talks with, that we know about, is stripe. After that meeting, the collisons began rapidly hiring IR and SOX positions, despite saying they have no plans to ipo. Bill ackman has said his greatest regret is not getting in on MA. Jackie Reses, is on the board, and her twitter activity implies a fintech merger is in the works. There are so many coincidences here that in order to miss them, you have to have a fascinatingly low IQ.

Please, by all means, stick to your belief that it isn’t stripe. Profess it and convince others that it isn’t. Because when it turns out to be stripe, it will be me reaping the rewards of your missed opportunity. This is a zero sum game after all.
[deleted]
billions season 2 episode 10
GME GANG HOW WE FEELING?
Yes, with pleasure
I thought stimmy vote for 2k was this Monday
[deleted]
Because it gives you the option for both...

The fact remains digital game sales crush physical sales and that gap only grows.
lmao they looked at your watch history and prayed for you
People really are having a hard time understanding how short squeezes work around here. I think this question gets asked every couple days.
[removed]
Yeet
[removed]
☹️☹️☹️
Good bot
[removed]
Hulu sucks more balls than you do behind Wendy’s
Great Dane means she likes handling big poops
Hey man you posted a fucking paragraph sounding like either a girl or a volleyball guy looking for a partner on wsb
[deleted]
$SEARS
Ha
Robinhood
Theta might get you but I truly think the bounce could get you something.
Kings even if you in a relationship doesn’t mean you can’t be looking for another one. Hear me out on this, you don’t shop for shoes barefoot do you?
Only thing that matters now is e-commerce and e-gaming
All the simpsons, family guy, archer, bobs burgers, animaniacs, pinky and the brain. I for one, will have none of your bs sir.
🤡🤡🤡
what about silver gang, are they still alive?
TittyDick
More like -230k now. But I bought 124 contracts of BABA , so if that works I will not be in the red anymore
Stop using BearsRFucked as a password.  Too common.
It’s just a monthly subscription for it’s always sunny - worth it in my opinion
Does anybody else immediately think of the word “diarrhea” every single time they read the word explosive or is that just me?
I agree with tripling. That timeline is likely safe for LOI. 

That said, I anticipate this thing goes bananas next week. I think we can see $30 by EOW. Huge moves end of last week, like 5% upwards swings with gigantic purchases. The last was a 500k share spot on Thursday.

Good luck, soldier.
If it drops 10% we buying the mf’ing dip homie
GenX female here (happily, recently married).  1st off this sub makes me laugh out loud like no other sub. The humor here is on par. Secondly,  I like money. Not in a gold digger sense, but I like taking a little bit of money, gambling, and turning it into a lot.  By no means am I on par with some of you risk takers, but I'm playing a bit outside my comfort zone. I don't know how I stumbled into this sub but I did.  I just read/ followed for about 2 months. Got ahold of the lingo and then dumped in a good portion of our honeymoon fund (bc 2020!). I'm green.

You might wonder how I fit in with you retards still living in your mother's basement.  I don't really. Other than I love the humor and I'm obsessed with numbers. It's fucking weird. I know it's weird. I love numbers and everything has a number associated to it in my brain. And I like winning. And that's how I started with playing in the stock market outside of those safe mutual funds.
Provide links because googling the troubles will have a billion hits and I don’t have time to shit about
Puts on Netflix, $14 to watch 1080p content better yet you can only view on 2 screens? Or $9 to view 480p wtf? They dont even have that many good shows. Guess I’ll be sticking with my HBO/Disney tonight.
Dunkin Donuts
I love Hulu, Seinfeld, 24, they got this show with a hot teacher banging a student
2 words 

Short squeeze
show 🅿️🅿️⁉️ 🤗🤗🤗
I recently finished a Masters in Genetic Counseling, and in my opinion you might want to hold off on investing based on the idea of gene therapy getting big anytime soon. As great as its benefits seem, it's a huge ethical minefield. We can't even agree that GMO's like golden rice that have huge health benefits and no drawbacks are a good thing, yet you think that we're all going to be gung-ho with literally changing the DNA of living humans? Plus, most big changes would need to be done on infants to have a significant effect, so not only would we be changing human DNA, but we'd be changing the DNA of humans who can't give consent. There are a surprisingly high amount of people who don't even think we should do gene therapy to cure life-threatening diseases like cystic fibrosis, much less things like aging treatment. I'm in my 20's now, and I'd honestly be surprised if gene therapy becomes common before I retire.
Weren't both of these people in the John Wick series lol
holding onto some 01/08 235c cause I’m autistic 🤡
Soooo.... I should double my psth position?

10k shares, 300 warrants, 250 mar21 35c.
Fargo Letterkenny ...Drunk history
[deleted]
Fucking 🤡.
[deleted]
These are passive losses so unless you have passive gains to book them against, carry them forward to counter all your gains in 2021 or just keep booking losses for when you win big.
Maybe a straddle strategy then
Just wait until that shit freezes over
I obsessively went through all potential matches and gave all the uggos and such the axe so I don't have to see them again. Meanwhile I use the little X at the bottom for the ones that made the cut. Once you exhaust all possible matches you can redo it with only attractive girls.
Ok. But what the fuck do I do about my opponent having Alvin Kamara in the fantasy championship
DMX likes to pose as an FBI agent to get out of traffic. Elon should grant him free pass on any underground highway he makes for usage of this song.
You want my $0.02 here goes...

GME sucks balls right now. They are going the way of Blockbuster and dying a slow inevitable death. But what if Cohen has a good reason to buy into GME? My uneducated smooth brain guess is big data. Data is what makes FB, Google, etc billions. GME has a shitload of it that they aren't using. Maybe Papi Cohen has an ace up his sleeve to use all that data to morph GME into something else? Im in for the ride to find out.

edit: forgot this 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
[deleted]
[deleted]
Yo what the fuck
Well. At least you’ll get to bang a bridesmaid.
Is Hulu completely fucking worthless or am I missing something?
we need him, i sell calls to that guy
[deleted]
And winner of the year for lamest gang is tanker gang. Please accept a tax write off as your award.
>😎

 😎  😎  😎  😎  😎  😎  😎  😎  😎
[deleted]
Oh ok. UNBAN
Fuck am I too late
Put 30k in calls for June -- if MT hits 150, I become a millionaire with tax liabilities. Do I need to add rockets?
Wait til you hear about YING and YANG
[Which one of you fuckers did this](https://imgur.com/a/LaFjVpA)
If anytime between now and 2023 you feel down, just remember, people had the same calls as you but FD when the stock was trading at $25
[deleted]
So Vale still a good call?
What’s taks?
I need your big fat cock then
Truth. Over 28 and single is sus as fuck
Are you still over -100k in losses?
all in GME on 1000% margin on monday
Source?
[deleted]
These are the people who write DD’s around here
This is probably the most honest and relatable response on this whole thread
Broke up with my girl. Friend said damn y’all broke up? Said nah she broke we up 😎
Check out BETZ and NERD... BETZ is a Roundhill is a Sports Betting and IGaming ETF...  NERD is Roundhill  eSports and Digital entertainment ETF.. i bought 4k shares of BETZ a month ago...
7% return in one month
People here buying 12/24 calls and end up being mad even tho everyone said buy april or june calls.

Retarded af
Ah yes my b
don’t worry you’ve done more than most of us could have
i sell em on my boomer stocks
seriously great when the WSB crew wants to promote a f100 company. 
i already own WMT, a few months back i think people were buying up calls 5-20% OTM, i sold those. thanks guys.


i only wheel on my long term stonks to try to minimize the tax and take money off the table. look over 20 years the only losers are the rando tech stocks taht got bounght out below my costs basis or went under. hell even MSFT came roaring back, you know what 15+ yrs of reinvested divendds does LOL .  the game is for the long term, but you can have fun in the short term

I say keep at leat 1/3 to 1/2 in VTI/SPY index and mess around with the rest otherwise you'll have this stupid ass loss porn like you see in the sub. loss porn gets you internet points, which is worth $0.00 USD.
You lost how much I pay for beef jerky every month. Shame.
[removed]
Yeah, I didn’t hold these things through that shitstorm last week for no reason 😎
Lots of real-estate.. What do u expect for 2021?
Yeah every time I start lifting dumbells at home I stop 3 weeks after lmao its an awful habit
Girls over 28 have a ticking internal clock. Wouldn’t consider any girl 30+ seriously. And I think that’s part of the issue is that no guy really does.
If Stripe, Late Jan or Feb. Too many coincidences with their hiring since Ackman starting Yappin
$MT 🌘🌗🌖🌕!
Wrong. 2008 crashed on macroeconomic problems.  Much different than today.  Demand is more today than 2008 as well.
I wouldn't trust any of you. Much less give my money to you retards.
[deleted]
Fuck ok.

Ima triple my investment into psth. Jan 10 not too late?? haha
Fart in my mouth
SHO threshold security list
The Gen Z meme's are more ironic. This is making fun of the millennial 'swag' memes of the late 00's basically
Or you can go BABA weekly calls and see what happens.
Oh it PAWZ
30mg XR checking in here. Doc in the practice fucked up once when I called for a refill and wrote it for 30mg IR. I didn't take more than 2 before getting it fixed, still have the other 28 in my cabinet.
Match.. I posted cause it reminded me so much an FDS post.
What is FDS
Looks like a withdraw
Lol I got an email from Hulu someone signed into my account. How tf they get my password? Said it was Andy’s iPhone from Buffalo, NY. Fuck u dude gtfo out my shit you bitch!!
Ban
Those loses damn....
This chick is upset deep in it
Maybe not, but they wont sweat the stock price for a while
Nope.
😳
Fun fact: Dave Ramsey owns three butt plug fabrication factories in Mississippi.
Im very bullish but see a lot of talk about margin. Cant be a good sign.
He edited his post to correct a bunch of errors.
Yo is there a sub that’s like ... a little more suited for this
What happened?
please tell me this is an FDS post, I don't want to see you like this :(
I really wish I could upvote this more
Haha. I'd make that fucking deal.
I will be messaging you in 1 month on [**2021-01-27 02:50:42 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2021-01-27%2002:50:42%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://np.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kkm4et/goodbye_gme_hello_gpro_ride_this_b_to_20/gh4plmf/?context=3)

[**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fkkm4et%2Fgoodbye_gme_hello_gpro_ride_this_b_to_20%2Fgh4plmf%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202021-01-27%2002%3A50%3A42%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%20kkm4et)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|
Volleyball girls are hot AF. 

Step 1: Join coed volleyball leagues 

Step 2: Profit
Sorry to have let this whole sub down.
I love nio, but I kind of think it might be like tsla battery day
Why would you rather watch GME holders go to tendie town?  Smooth 🧠
yes but also no
Our ceremony was 16 minutes then a 4 hour open bar with dank food and a fire band. Can’t do much better. Buffets, not a seated dinner. Major key.
What is this r/dating? BAN
RK showering his fans with awards like Oprah showering her fans with cars.  

👉You get an award!
👈You get an award!  
👆You get an award!
👇You get an award!
Well that would be nice lol. I have 5 1/15/21 $21 calls that would be worth about 10 grand.   


Also have  April, 2021 5 $26 calls and 14 $30 calls...
Have you tried hinge?
This is a turd company that has a potential bonerific return if you just chill for a few months or shorter. I don’t understand the confusion. No one thinks this is Apple or PLTR. Just buy and wait for some returns that could be zero or could +400%.
that’s crazy bro u posted a chart 😎
Remindme! 1 month
show 🅿️🅿️ 🤗
Stripe merger announce when
Smarter people have gone batshit crazy before bro. John Forbes Nash Jr for one. 

Yes Patrick Byrne is absolutely crazy. https://www.cnbc.com/2019/09/19/former-overstock-ceo-byrne-sold-his-shares-blaming-the-deep-state.html
This is the way. As long as your gains outperform the rates on your student loans, it would in fact be STOOPID to pay them off rather than keeping it invested.
Do some theta gang shit with it keep it in cash my man. I’ve got 100k in theta gang basically as a giant emergency fund that generates more interest than a shitty savings account
That is fine. They said I saved $70
TFSA
[deleted]
That's not true at all.
Sir this is the GME investors club
This is quite good. "I'm worried metals are cyclical." 

lol, should have more love
Holy shit the fish! God I’ve missed you!
Home owner: How much you want to clear the driveway?

Me: you got propane and $100 bucks...

Homeowner: propane?

Me: 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Link or ban
I dropped in like 100 bucks a year and a half ago and got like five things on Robin Hood, and even with the Covid cluster fuck I was doing pretty OK, so I dumped like another hundred bucks in, and now I have like 600 so over a year I got like a 90% return on investment total?

I don’t know, I ain’t no math surgeon, I just look at the lines, some green lines look better than other green lines. Find some patterns and shit, sprinkle in some real world context and data, and don’t throw all your darts at one rock or whatever.
Hard to convince myself to buy into GME over $20... Doesn't seem like the volume is there to push it any higher yet... I think it will drop next week and then I'll reconsider.
🤣🍻
Where do you find this etf?
[deleted]
It's probably making more ice than water at this point. Water freezes faster when hot.
Yeah and then you lose it all :) welcome
Your a genius
puts on this guy
How’re people handing out platinum awards here? That shit is like 18,000 fucking coins. What the actual fuck.
They made 28bux off you.
Deadwood.
Say Hello to the PSTH Pitbull, folks!
Fuck me.  I really need to get the fuck out of here.  
-------

I teach 2nd grade by day and play volleyball as much as I can all the other times of the day. I’m eldest of 5 half siblings, I own 2 dogs heeler mix and Great Dane puppy, no kids, never been married.   


I’m looking for something serious. Someone I can vibe with and talk with. I love to talk and I always want to know what someone is thinking so if you’re very quiet or don’t like to share your inner thoughts then we probably won’t get along. I love to play sports and I’m super competitive so someone who has that type of personality we will probably get along just fine.   


On the weekends if I’m not playing volleyball or soccer I am with friends drinking cider somewhere. Come get a drink with us?
[deleted]
Wow! Very simple just make enough money to put 200k in an IRA while living comfortably because of already making good money and then just invest your very safe throwaway money you've accumulated throuought the years.

Why the fuck didn't I or any of the retards here think of that? Oh wait, it's not a feasible thing for a lot of the people here who YOLO for a reason, do you honestly think you would see that many YOLO around here if people made enough money to be comfortable and have multiple retirement accounts? Grats to you but this shit belongs in stocks not here
lmao loser
Ahh the September 2nd tech sell off. Will never forget.
Confirmed
Yes
My buddy got in back at $23 against my advice. What an idiot.
Its saying onsite investigation went smoothly like there buddy buddies again
bet thx
Buy Calls on this dude's Grandpa
Ok dad stop giving sex tips about my relationships.
Mine was nice and short.  No religion, no speeches, free boozes, etc.  How they all should be.
Both were solid.  The last episode of the Sopranos was lacking.
Newfag, but When bloomberg posted that first article around november 2019
Haven't bought something on Amazon in over a year because I hate them as a company. But I've bought a lot from Gamestop. Just remember price and convenience isn't everything.
All I heard was cookies. 🍪
The Donald
Ban OP.
[deleted]
Hands down bro. Just rewatched it for at least the 10th time and it’s still so good.
Yea. And if SPY goes to zero then we have bigger problems anyway
Fuck it man - give me a few weeks to play MARA and then I’ll come carry your bags. 

I want to watch Star Wars 15: Skywalk Walk With Me in a downtown multiplex with my kids as much as the next person.
Haha. For some reason I think you're going to have a personal chef for that someday.
https://www.scmp.com/tech/policy/article/3115399/alibaba-antitrust-probe-ceo-affirms-commitment-regulated-development
https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kj47ik/bezos_always_blesses_after_amazon_sales_numbers/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share

Some where in there OP has links to the last two. Best I can do... Trust some random stranger and throw 4.5k at it in weekly options
[deleted]
Okay well you might wanna to revise your thesis there champ
Jan9
If I had 9 baby mamas I would be on that shit too
[removed]
yes end of discussion
[deleted]
Simp
[removed]
I’m pretty sure markets are open on Monday..
damn the future sounds worrisome 

feel like my time is running out

kind of a given for me but shit if it doesn't feel like a ticking bomb
This was orgasmic
I feel bad for who ever bought the 12/31 puts i sold right before the 4 day weekend.
That’s what they call a cumsnot
You are so fucking retarded, I’m absolutely blown away. You just opened your stupid fucking mouth and proved to everyone how smooth of a brain you have.

You get to 2/9 of a warrant for every share you own, upon merger. You were given 1/9 back in September also. Maybe next time do the research before you spew a bunch of bullshit.
Amazing Avg. Good for you. I bought originally at 23 something and then more at 24 something. Great In.
[deleted]
Ban
UNLESS she just got out of a relationship that is acceptable
Mine was dope. The rest of them, trash.
Yeah I keep little cash. Everywhere takes CC now a days with 20k limit. Financial advisors are living in the past with that “keep emergency cash” I can liquidate and have cash with in like 3 days.
So another crash is among us
Just renewed my WoW subscription after 10 years...  Calls on ATVI.
Well ive had a few llcs.  And im sure ive made a million in my life but my net worth doesnt reflect that.
I have a brokerage link 401k through Fidelity. It has never stopped me from buying calls, selling covered calls, buying puts, or selling cash secured puts. You just have to set it up. It’s my retirement account so I don’t do anything too extreme with it.
You might get like 2$ for them
Can I borrow your batmobile?
Confirmed
Stic is taking off and it hasnt even merged with bark yet
[removed]
No
Man... Someone is upset Mango lost
Yeah man, nothing we can do there. It’s just peace of mind I guess. Cash is a position and has its purposes. If you’re a T-Mobile customer they have a account where you earn 4% up to 3000 and then 1% for anything after that. Beats most savings account.
Way too small. We are looking at a company with a 40-60B valuation. AKA Stripe, Bloomberg LP, INnOut, Fidelity, Spacex rumors
Yeah and Mary would’ve had another baby with her 3 wisemen boyfriends while they rode PLTR to the fuckin MOON 🚀
if you mean TWD ur dead wrong kid
Love this sub.
Xi just wanted to buy the dip
If a girl sneezes while your dick is in her mouth will your balls explode?
For ones above 28 **there is a reason she is single**.
Lol ok random reddit user who is smarter than Patrick Byrne who warren buffet speaks to regularly and graduated from multiple Ivey leagues 😂
simple and hilarious
How long before I double my $150?
You haven't seen deepfuckingvalue's amount on gme i presume 1000 minimum per strike for that golden god
Weddings suck.
Dip was last week and ARKG hit $108 this week
Don’t go down on a ho you licking up ballsack
Fined on Monday?
[removed]
Oh Elon, you jokester you... Now be a good boy and apologize to Xi for calling him a fluffy stuffed animal.

Puts on TSLA for 10 years.
The Wire? The Sopranos?
True story!  Man all my plays were built around stimmy passing, hopefully I’m not fuk. I’m theta gang so all it means is I take assignment but still lol
Come behind the Wendy's i will make u mod 🏳️‍🌈🏳️‍🌈🥵🥵
[deleted]
True Detective
So the glass is my account?
When’s nio day?
General momentum from incoming buyers, tax loss harvesting deadline on the 29th and the overwhelming short interest which makes it difficult to cover positions in a cost effective manner for the aforementioned tax deadline.
If you want to make your girl squirt put her legs over her head and lick her vagina and then blow into her asshole rapidly. Trust me don't even say anything to her just do it she will think you are a sex god.
This actually is a very smart idea.  Ty ty
Sit on the 10k emergency fund

Get another 40k held in cash ready for dumping 10k into explosive short term or long stonks plays

YOLO everything else 

Save 20% of the paycheck into retirement funds
We’re kind of in a wild time right now with so much money to be made imo.  With these fucking crazy IPOs and shit like PLTR going on, GME, fed pumping, SoftBank.  It’s kind of like a goddamn movie if you think about it.  I feel the same way you do.
4,000 commons and a small call option position for June (likely will consider some dec 2021 calls next week)

To the second part: The IPO regulations are changing yes but the banks are still going to gouge the eyes out of these companies. That change isn't going to impact the losses. ABNB and SNOW both lost something like $4B each in their IPO, lol.

PSTH still gives the assurance of cash with no bs on listing day re: valuation.

The other thing is that this isn't an opportunity cost that Ackman isn't living with. He is the most incentivized for a great deal or he makes nothing. He has 50 targets to choose from and we are 5 months into a 24 month timeline. He's going to make the deal of his life.

I think the chance he doesn't find a target that's not worth $100 12 months post merger is next to 0.
When would you say a better time would be?
Yeet
bullish
[removed]
[removed]
Yeah that's mostly true... I find girls that are younger are too messy to fall in love with, but that seems super subjective to me.
TD?
I really appreciate this. I have been trying to find my way and as I read your post, I am seeing that I make reckless plays because I am chasing clouds. I have made good money only to flush it down the drain on weeklies, poor dd, etc just to feel the rush of a gamble. I have made most of my money cutting out at 20-50% gain and lost most of my money trying to double or more, thinking I'm a paper handed bitch. Inspirational.
This is what I'm doing right now. Had it with Ally but then the rate went to shit and now inflation is taking my value
All the good ones (non fatties) are taken above 28 that’s fax
Nothing beats those big green dildos man
Because I’m vain and I can afford to not look poor.
I love that they can't comprehend he lost the second time when even he couldn't believe he won the first time
Why are you looking at share price? You need to look at market cap to say if it is a 3 year high or not. Have you heard about the new consoles? What about they closing half the stores? Check https://twitter.com/rodalzmann?s=21 for detailed financial model for Q4.  $1.38 is the 🐻 case. Are you more 🌈 than a 🐻?
[deleted]
Good dd bro I’m in!
Fucking facts.!!!
I don't know if this is an actual joke given this sub, but the starting part of nonprofits is easy but not the tax savings part. Not all nonprofits legally get to take advantage of tax savings.
Also got my dad to hop in GME gang (he said he first started buying at 50😪)
Respect
Hangups.. scars from exes.. meds for disorders.. I could go on for a few paragraphs here.
I believe in the fundamentals.
Jesus Christ would have been nailed to the cross again
TD?
[deleted]
Femaledatingstrategy. I saw it posted here so took a gander. It’s less about dating advice and more about women who hate men. Butchcommunist has one of the most upvoted threads on the front page lol
Hahahaah lol sure bro. He’s also got “an army of hackers” to expose the so called rigged election, right? That dude should have his tinfoil hat on
Dude... Have you ever fucking heard of the Troubles?
They managed to edge us for 4 months with failed stimulus talks.  The logical conclusion would be explosive release, but orgasm denial is at an ATH.
Keep half put half in SPACs
Smh man if everyone knew the power of theta gang and the wheel 169% of America could eat
not british but i like pot pie, shepherd's pie
Interesting factoid
Possibly. I’ve never gotten a warning.
Guess your getting downvoted because of the GME holders but I’m in the same boat as you. I’ll sit on the sidelines instead of taking on that kind of risk and be left holding the bag. If y’all are making money now grats but I have a feeling it won’t last that much longer and the great dumpening will soon come for them all.
Sauce?
Alright Bradley cooper why don’t you just get a regular suit
Considering that I made my first mill by 24 and lost it by 26 I’m probably more likely retarded. I did have an LLC though so hey there’s that.
This is the way I'm leaning tbh, keep 1 month of cash on hand and drop the rest in my respectable portfolio
Season 1 of TD was the best season of any series. Breaking Bad and GOT were distant seconds.
I'm going to let you in on a dirty little secret...

In the short term it doesn't matter if the company can pull it off or what their business model looks like, what matters is that enough retards think it can succeed. \*taps head\*

Follow sentiment.  Watch volume.  Watch who is buying what, at what price, and when, and how much they spend.

Don't underestimate the momentum this crazy retail market can generate, it's fucking wild, but even Cramer is watching WSB.  Why?

Because we kinda actually move markets a bit...
Im afraid the MMs have had too long to talk to each other. Monday will be interesting
-1 furnace = less supply = more demand = MT to mars
“How many times have we talked about Baba calls”
Within a few years, once everyone comes to realisation that literally nobody uses them for shit. They will plummet into the centre of the earth
make sure your penis is perpendicular
What app is this, serious answers pls
I’m sitting on 30K in emergency funds. 😂 About half of it goes towards DCA. Just put it in a HYSA so it earns a decent APR.
Hahah my mom gave my dad some money to put in the stock market. Been trying to convince them to join theta gang but they both don’t get it
Not such bad tendies!!
This is wsb sir, I’m in for like 25 words max.  Which is 9975 numbers lower than my psth shares.  And like some kind of number lower than my warrants.  And like some kind of number lower than my calls.  Also make me a sandwich.
link?
This is my favourite hobby. I felt the same way though
[deleted]
To what price sir, also why
you're a genius!
Cmon bro it’s not that bad. Markets open Monday morning.
If they have money to invest they arent lower middle class right?
U r drunk 😵
puts to scalp this coming week maybe
[removed]
And then finance undergrad majors flooded into colleges thinking they were about to go live that lifestyle only to find they were funneled into cubicle jobs.

#NOT A COINCIDENCE!
Sort of, last I checked one of the holdings in ARKG was related to fishing and agriculture tech.
it can and will bud
They’ve either got kids or mental health issues over 28
Best keep that in cash homie
I'm talking about dating/long term/marriage material when I say 28 and under.  Now if you want to hang out, have some great sex, etc.. go for the attractive over 40s..  you can mold a younger woman too.. you can't mold a 33 year old.  Pussy has teeth many times.
Praying for ark etf to dip so I can cheaper calls. Can’t believe I didn’t learn about these money printers until premiums were high as fuck
its a right angle
Why isn’t ENPH a meme stonk.  That’s honestly top 3 charts I ever seen and clean energy.  🥵❤️🍻
I grabbed a couple leaps for June 2021..Will add more if it breaks 200
Guys, I've put a lot of thought into this and I think I'm ready to make it known...

...I personally identify as a mod.

I know I'm just some lowly ANAL GoD who mostly shitposts and masturbates to people threading raw hotdogs through the middle of chocolate donuts and eating them, but I just really feel that my true identity is a gay mod.
Holy fuck too many words. Not enough positions.
[deleted]
Ik, especially knowing nothing about stock trading and YOLOing my portfolio into pennystocks for the first few months
Y’all couldn’t do that in your dreams🥸
Airlines.
With CC you dont need emergency fund. Just liquidate and transfer over if emergency pops up.
This company is like blockbuster for video games. Can’t possibly go tits up.
I was born in it.
Nut jobs a little strong.

He was without a doubt working with the FBI. I’m not sure that’s disputed or that far out. It’s pretty common for rich multi national business men to get pulled in to things... happens with England and Israeli business men too 

Now what he inferred as the implications of his working with the FBI, that’s of course up for debate whether his interpretation of the events is the correct one

He went to Dartmouth for undergrad and Stanford and has warren buffet on speed dial since he was in his 20s... so again nut job is a little strong
Throw it in arkk
British? Not many meat pies in the US except for Pot Pie. I live in the South and am not the biggest sweets fan but shit is bomb.
Just died reading this 😅
Bro, who knows at this point.
Like what kind of issues,cuz I don’t say hi 🙋‍♀️ if the girl is over 25
[removed]
Tf kinda cheesy ig virtue signaling bullshit is this
Fellas..are we gonna focus against Dave Ramsey so we can have him make more posts on our influence on the market.
so they're not real trucks, dumbass
Billions. Love this show, can't wait for the next season to come up.
I love yolo
I have 20 shares. I might be able to take a few weeks off.
there are a couple ES threads at elite trader that have some good info if you go reading through it. Be careful what you consume in the trading community - a lot of people are washed up degenerate gamblers who are angry they cant make money.
hahahahahahahaha
Don’t listen to what we do
Thanks for this! Been in on GME since the end of November! I believe in the squeeeeeeeze! 🥰🥰🥰
I’m going to a wedding in two weeks because my wife is a bridesmaid and I am not fucking happy about it.

Zero percent chance any of my tailored suits fit without doing cocaine and not eating from now until then. 

It’s gonna be an expensive two weeks. I hope I don’t make any poor financial decisions.
Why did he lose on his puts when the stock clearly went down?
And still holding if you bought on the 15th? OK thats a rough hold
28 for short term dating. 24 is upper limit for long term for me
r/babystreetbets

Is there a sub for something smaller than that?
You sir are a genious
ICLN prints tendies on the daily
This is our redemption, we making back all the money we gave away in value. Hit buy or die trying!!
Got sick of the slow growth of my ETF investments in December 2019 so moved $100k to a new fidelity brokerage end of December and started swing trading. Was decently profitable until February-March 2020 when the drop almost blew up my entire account. Discovered options in May and promptly lost $13k on July SPY puts purchased on 5/13/2020, that was the last time I bought a put that I wasn’t planning to day trade. After my Put loss I stopped trading while I was trying to understand options. I started trading again in August and I took my account back up to $235K by early December. I’m down to $205k as of Thursday due to a few contracts that went the wrong way and some leaps that are down.
People have always been and always will be retarded
[deleted]
Hormones start to go wacky around that age. Shelf life is expired. Its all downhill from there.
I’m long 1300 @ 23.92 I AINT FUCKING LEAVING next stop MOON 🚀🚀🚀
Bro? Girls aged 18 - 25 are absolute degens. It's all about those seasoned vets who have their shit together... otherwise you're literally dating a talking fuck doll.
https://www.marketwatch.com/story/alibaba-stock-suffering-record-drop-after-antitrust-probe-in-china-2020-12-24
TOKE is a weed ETF. They do that shit all the time.
Why am I sitting on a 10K emergency fund instead of dropping it into SPY or QQQ shares. What do you guys do instead?
Thabks
Good bot
fuck you bitch
so this is 96 dollars? it looks like you screenshotted a random stock on yahoo finance
...cant move the markets with this little money, altogether, with followers presents maybe $50 million buying power, pennies...
You are not strong. You probably don’t have any bones. Just a meat pancake
My first meme in WSB. thanks guys!
What’s a word scramble
Run up for Nio Day?
[deleted]
[deleted]
SPACS = 🚀
25 it is. More like 23 though.
Pleas fly again
Market gods have given us another day to build GME hype.
It’s both in those discreet buildings and also in the middle of nowhere server shacks. I’ve been in like 50 of them they are fucking crazy. As far as what information is being stored or transferred in what manner that’s above my paygrade
Do you see Payoneer as a potential target? Their valuation is $2.5-$3b.

https://m.calcalistech.com/Article.aspx?guid=3883493
Try harder Melvin
You are thinking about it the right way. TWST is one of many that serve that role in this space. Look at some of the other lower profile ARKG stocks that aren't making drugs or gene therapy. There are some 10-100 baggers in there that are still valued way lower than the hottest stuff like CRSP and EDIT, NVTA etc.
Give this man a cookie!
.... Word scramble.

Or I'm lying
You spelled Kodak wrong
you're a genius!
[deleted]
"You'll Yolo again, time is a flat circle"
[deleted]
[deleted]
Your childhood must’ve sucked im sorry for what they did to you.
Why not roll em when you're up that much?
How far out were your options on average? Thanks for the share
I’m using up 8K more margin for ATM calls currently own 1000 shares, I owe it to my king DFV
What’s a anagram
all pies are wack unless they are meat pies
I googled "Backdoor" but none of the results were about finances
lmfhajaoaah
Bold of you to assume they could read
Come on people this ^^^ is a seriously underrated comment.
This is the way.
Isn’t he the nut job that claimed to be an FBI agent, a cyber spy...?

The building was an AT&T Transmission switch point not an NSA data collection center.
I don’t have the balls for weeklys on anything. A bounce is coming though
28 is really the upper age limit for the ladies gentlemen.. And that is the **UPPER** limit.  I think 25 is really the hard ceiling.    
  
Every girl I date over 28 have some real fucking issues pretty consistently.
Def obese
Forex doesn’t give me the same rush as options 😪
I should’ve held after buying that dip
Woof woof 🐶
Ban!
When it goes down to below $16
Couldn’t tell your new......
Remember the sixty gorillion!
Make sure she gets a real nice BF and good luck bankrupting each other into oblivion.
Pooh Bear doesnt like being called Pooh Bear.
Sweet potato pie?
Yeah well I obviously wouldnt have been saying this at that point. But now it is clearly too high too fast. Its retarded. Anytime a WSB meme stock has everyone on board making money at a 3year high, you can count on it being a bubble imo.
Shitpost. Ban
2 questions:

Your position value in PSTH

&

what if all the companies that are good & big can already use an normal ipo (especially easing 2021 regulations), how would ackman fine a good target. What if he doesn’t find at all?

My Postion: $30,000~ @ 25.1 will triple in the future (early jan).
Get in at open tomorrow. The latest DD about GME has a catalyst jan 13th for short squeeze rather than march. 

[https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kknuk6/gme\_icr\_conference\_words\_matter/](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kknuk6/gme_icr_conference_words_matter/)

I think we will start seeing them slowly cover this week,  if they continue their assfuckery I think they will really fuck themselves into a corner. They can't drop the price below 16, they can't make the short positions profitable, all they can do is unwind and do damage control now. Which means all we need to do is diamond hands until it rockets.
Don't read my name
Then show her your protractor
I started almost a full year ago, after being interested in trading for a long time in highschool. Did a shadow with a Edward Jones Financial manager. He helped me understand more in depth aspects of stocks. I studied and wrote down alot of notes, kept trying to memorize all the lingo and its importance. Have about 40% return right now, a mere 517 dollars to my retarded name. Im hoping this year I can grab a stimulus check and maneuver some of it to make some big gains that could add up to a monthly $500 so I could quit this job I hate
Im in college studying for buisness too, thats why my monthly amount is about part time wage. 
I only trade shares like a scared retard cause I don't have the cash for options. I also don't fully understand how to get started, but I'm slowly learning how. 
Lastly, I started out with around $20 and then got some money from family because they enjoy how interested I am in stocks. I broke even around 2 months in, but I haven't sold for any real gains yet because I'm stupid.
I'll take a cookie.
Im all in brother thanks for the qqqj eye opener. Selling my GF and using the proceeds to go all in. I’ll buy her back after the 10x!
wow...ur gonna get slaughtered one day soon
You met an angle? Is she obtuse or acute?
Ban
[removed]
GameStop the Nkla of gaming lol.

I hope your calls print bro but GameStop is trash.

Fuck then and their lowballing asses. I still remember getting trash money trying to turn in gameboi advance games for money
This nigga finna go broke
But have you been pumpkin creampied?
PAWZ is a pet etf.  🤣🍻
What is a non-laughable amount of money in an account?
Oy gevalt, unless it's on CNN it's a conspiracy.
You were able to play with a $25k account and didn’t blow it?  I’d consider this a massive success.
Anagram
Enough to break the ice lmao damn Sam Handwich nice to meet u
[removed]
It's actually Chick-fill-et
I love
September wiped u out too?? Brothers in arms 👼✊️
Dumb question but I'm new to being retarded, what app/website is this?
I met an absolute angle tonight. Im gonna make her my wife and teach her stocks 💘
Because China?
3500C for MARCH
check out the guy on the BILI stocktwits thread. truly one of us
That is a all time graph......?
Alright I'm all in with $100 I stole from my mom's purse on Monday.  CRP to the moon!
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
It is in fact at a 3 year high unless we are looking at different graphs man. It hasn't been 20+ since Oct 2017. And yeah that would be great. But I dont think they will lol. What have they added to absolutely skyrocket profits? That would be blowing away Estimates by 2-4$ which is almost impossible
wtf?
Nigga you gay?
[deleted]
[deleted]
107 shares reporting in
Weird they have it downtown isn’t that stuff normally in the middle of nowhere in a big building lol
Appreciate your input man! I’ve moved away from going all in on FDs as I lost my whole account in 2 weeks doing that and started fresh. I want to be smart with the money I make when it’s actually a decent amount, until then stonks only go up
What’s a hubesr57
If you live in the mid west I'll treat you like shit too but I'll play among us with you so I go that going
Already up 250% this month
Im reading an article saying the on site investigation only took one day and was "smooth and orderly"
[deleted]
Tesla will drop 80%
Never feel bad for a bitch, because a bitch will never feel bad for you.
Ban his ass
I'm bullish AF on ARKQ.  Covid is the harbinger for deep learning, autonomous tech and robotics. Genetics are dope, but I'm sure during the 1918 pandemic, someone was wishing they had golems to do their jobs.  Now, we basically do.
Conspiracy theories are gettin wild.

Heard one that at&t got the bid to do forensic evaluation on voting software. Was transporting it to at&t station in Nashville and someone blew it up to cover the rigged system. Cray ass mofos out there
Oy vey
1/10 millionth ur mom
Elon will become a cyborg and be supreme ruler of mars, change my mind 😤
Fsly is the better play
I take your points. A few of my own:

1) Name recognition matters but all of those targets are amazing.

2) This thing is being driven by value investors in large part. If you look at the ownership, this is owned by long term investors. Retail investors to a great extent are not into it yet. Yes people on wsb and twitter are learning but we are still in very early days. That's all to say that the "stripe hype" is baked into the cake already. Any of those companies would make a gigantic splash. CNBC would eat it on its hands and knees every day for a week.

3) I respect your restraint. I just can't, in good conscience, endorse sitting out of this deal

Good luck.
[deleted]
yolo into FDs, lose everything. 0 taxes. QED
Robinhood.
What? You can download video games online from the console you don’t need a disc? What the fuck was I thinking? I gotta get out of this play I need to buy even more shares on Monday. Amazon of gaming? If it’s digital only is GameStop just going to sell you the data  and send you the data on a disk? I see GameStop is doing a tech presentation at ICR? Maybe Ryan Cohen has made video games for dogs???
[deleted]
Calls are printing like wild
We lose more money than your 3 month trade, daily. 


Gtfo.
what do you hold? options or shares? get a clear screenshot?
Hahaha. What positions does the other one have?
Ant street
Wut
I’m also not familiar but Byrne is like a 160 IQ Stanford grad so not your run of the mill Alex Jones viewer
I’m GME gang but I’d diamond hand this shit coz the MOASS got nothing compared to X
Wow! Went down and never looked back. That's actually not easy to do in this market.
Historically speaking per recent years, the santa rally doesn't happen
[deleted]
pumpkin pie is disgusting

i will take your downvotes ty very much
€ & bro in germany is no robin hood app avaible😂
The year is 2021

I am still waiting / horny for Monday market open
Oy gevalt, it would be very unfortunate if this datacenter you speak of happened to contain some data regarding the most safe and secure election of all time!
As someone who pulled in and out and made some money but wasn't there for this breakout.

The hype is an investor called Cohen who owns like 12% up from 10% recently.

He turned Chewy into an Amazon beater in a recent venture and he is all in on GME.

The reality of it, is that big money called an end to Gamestop well before it was going to be a reality.

So the stock price was extremely suppressed.

The rise from the COVID low is the realization that the company isn't going down and in fact, is doing quite well with a pivot to online.

I think it sticks around because it has many years of good fundamentals.  Be wary because it is going to go defunct eventually. eSports isn't going to save it, the talk of turning the physical locations into competition arenas and social hubs is just bullshit.
Tbh I think he’ll end up rich. I’m still in 100 shares, took assignment on 400 earlier. 

Gonna continue selling puts too. I’m a big fan of the company
MT go boom
Babysitting us retards interfered with his cocksucking time
[removed]
Mango trying to break personal record of how many rounds of golf he can play in 30 days. 

Previous record was last month.
Wolf of Wall Street came out 7 years ago ❤️
2 > 1
[deleted]
Don’t do it
Not familiar with the Dominion that’s referenced? Have a tldr?
Every cent I own will be placed into this if it comes to fruition
Okay what’s the news on Tesla and China you guys are scaring me.
[deleted]
A real autist
[deleted]
Good stuff.
If only this were true because the stock ticker X is for US Steel Corp...
hehe bought that exact one on Wednesday
[removed]
I thought you said he wasn't as crazy. Lol
[https://www.invesco.com/us/financial-products/etfs/holdings?audienceType=Investor&ticker=QQQJ](https://www.invesco.com/us/financial-products/etfs/holdings?audienceType=Investor&ticker=QQQJ)

Their tech holdings is whats boosting it so high. Their largest holdings include, Roku, TTD, CRWD, ZS, ETSY etc. Pretty much all these ATH tech stocks lmao.
I think you might be retarded because the UNITS had warrants attached to them before the UNITS were split into common shares and warrants.  I don’t know what the fuck you’re talking about.
Depends
Woof those replies 🙈
[removed]
It was moreso a joke but I am actually bag holding this position smh 😔
[deleted]
Naw man, the guy just wanted to blow up my favorite steak house the Rodizio Grill which was the epicenter.  Maybe they didn't offer him enough of his favorite cut at this awesome Brazilian place.
Your post got deleted asap. Apparently we all think you are retarded. I rest my case
wsb want their civil war and they got it
Don't question GME..
Att switch board or something like that. Cell service was down
No
lmao
So you’re saying there is a chance...
Great reflection on yourself! I would have to say addiction. You could cut it lose for a bit then comeback to it and not trade as often finding the balance of what’ll make you happy/excited. I’m 22 so I don’t have wisdom but this is speaking from experience I’ve had mice self. 

Ps: I’m high as a kite 😁
You know when a mom gets tired of doing all the housework with no appreciation?
Fuck you nigga I'm black
You sir have failed horribly with your attempt at FUD...

As it stands, It's very simple you dirty 🌈🐻... RC and The retard army are going to fuck you and all your 🌈🐻 friends so hard over the next few months it's going to make all of the 🌈🐻s at Tesla realize the worst they got was a little anal foreplay. 

Digital is not going to take over - there are tons of people myself included that prefer physical disks over downloads. With a disc I own the game outright, I can loan it to friends or trade them for a game they may have that I want to play... If I want to play a game at a friend's house I just take the game with me no reason to bring the whole goddamn console.

Top all of this off with the fact that they have  closed their bloated infrastructure to a more lean and financially efficient brick and mortar Network they will be turning a profit in the next quarter.... At the end of the day no matter what happens from here GameStop is not going bankrupt so you can forget that idea.

If you really wanted DD at this point all you have to do is search GameStop or gme in the search bar there are tons of DD posted already.
[deleted]
She just needed to do it one more time and I wouldn’t be here annoyed at life
Spell the alphabet with your tongue
[deleted]
[deleted]
If true Xi about to clap TSLA asscheeks
[removed]
There are easier ways to clear your browser history
This sub is sleeping on Apples EV play honestly. To me comparing this to Tesla is like people that still buy iPhones versus an Android, maybe the other is better maybe the other is cheaper but apple’s brand and it’s “ecosystem” will always pull in more $$$ and they’ll likely do it more efficiently.
Atleast 1
[deleted]
Well you must not have been paying attention when literally everyone here was trashing it and calling it the next blockbuster before it got up to $20.
Also kinda reminds me of Beirut...just completely swept under the rug
Pretty much, report back.
So, youre saying theres a chance?!
Nope. It’s not a 3 year high. They did massive share buyback in 2019. You need to look at market cap, this is still well below 2017. Exactly! What if I tell you that they will make $1 to $3 EPS? Wall Street will jump on this like mad men in Q1. Just wait
[removed]
hahah, cheeky one aint ya. 
PLTR 🚀🚀🚀
[removed]
wtf?
how does someone justify being in two relationships I wanna know-
every mountain has a way down at the other side
They called him a bad word
[removed]
Alexandra double DDario
[removed]
^
Some change flare to Loss
Cohen is so fucking hot
Big No. Lots of reasons why. They are in a new legal battle for one. No moat for two (gunna be tons of these trading apps going live in the next year).

Valuation and predictability are another reason.
Yes 👍
Realistically, what could MARA hit by March? It can’t just go fucking straight up can it???
Don’t worry, you’re gonna get to 100%!
So why is the physical version of the ps5 selling more than the digital one? Even thought its a $100 more?
She usually does
why did u/zjz quit?

he wasn't gay enough for the rest of the mods?
So baba investigation is over?
😐
It’s an AT&T switch facility that handles telecommunications for the region
Former overstock CEO:

https://twitter.com/patrickbyrne/status/1342961379934932992?s=21
Zjz
Longer than you’d think. Just enjoy the reaction and keep at it.
How much weight can a drone carry?
A lot of bear blood will be spilled
I also make between 20k and 1 mil a year. Unfortunately I can't contribute 200k a year into jack shit.
Yes. Tontine.

The shares trading currently have 2/9 of a warrant attached. Lets say an LOI happens Jan 1st for simplicity sake. The LOI happens. The stock will jump insanely. Over the next 45 days the companies complete the paperwork and the merger happens. On Feb 15th, the newly merged company trades with the ticker BIGLY. If you owned PSTH and BIGLY (aka held through the merger), you get a $23 warrant for every 9 commons you owned. So 9 commons gets you 2 warrants, 99 gets you 22, etc. 

So under the example, the stock jumps to $100, which it will, you exercise those warrants to buy $100 shares for $23, on top of the gains you got on commons (depending on when you buy in, hurry).
GameStop is the Tesla of gaming
He is autistic
[removed]
never, work is fun and i get paid decent (150-250) for doing not a lot, look at my psots i'm on WSB during most of the day.  but i'm an expert in my field.  

i can retire if i want, but why when you get a check every 2 weeks and can dump more into wsb gambles? 

&#x200B;

and health insurance
Fab
Interesting. Hadn’t heard that info, what was the data center?
I think you misunderstand me

I can’t buy Tesla calls until Monday...my money is lonely now
Til 🎆
After too many days off I just want to scalp some options or something.
Link?
Spell TSLA with your tongue, always works.
It’s not so much the risk I’m worried about. I think that Ackman will find someone big. But name recognition becomes huge when you’re talking about hype amongst retail investors, and hype is driving these spacs bigtime. Look at the possibilities you mentioned in your post: in n out, stripe, space x. You’re undermining your own investment and you don’t even know it.

Again, it’s not risk I’m worried about. It’s opportunity cost. My money could be invested in a place where this type of hype doesn’t exist, meaning that when they land a giant merger the share price will skyrocket. With Ackman and all of these expectations the price becomes built in.
I’m a cpa. Best advice I can give is don’t take tax advice from WSB.
**“GameStop the New Amazon of Gaming”** I can already taste the CNBC headlines.
MT. Bunch of DD on here about the steel play. Do 30c expiring anywhere March to June.
Yee!
Man I'm balls deep in PLTR but if you really think PLTR 40C 01/15/21 is gonna print in 14 market days you're too retarded to help.
US Military pay raise was in that Defense Bill that Mango refuses to sign.

Puts on Happy New Year.
Them tiddies were amazing.
But I’m looking forward on Monday,what happen to Mondays are always fun 🤩
A wholesome one
It's at a 3 year high. That doesn't really seem like too low too fast. And I seeing 2021 earnings estimates ranging from -$1 to -0.06 I dont think they even expect to turn a profit next year dude.
Meh this is wsb, I don't post my graph here cause it's not worthy
$GREENCARD
[removed]
Schwab
Chances are at 0.0000000000000000001%
Well.... When the price is on its top you don’t want to get in. It’s better to get in before that. Next question?
Honestly the highlight of any series ever made
So you're saying $aapl and $aal puts
3.5 days 😫
Seriously wtf, I’m 24 still $20k in student loan debt
Godspeed cretin
Wow. It’s him. We’ve found him. The only man who consistently lost money all year. Plenty of WSB’rs lost money from one or two stupid trades. And plenty more made lots from this crazy TINA bull market, but this is the only man in the world to have slowly, consistently, wasted away his portfolio. Amazing.
Harami. I love it
[removed]
Thats a days wage, get outta here
TSLA calls tks me later
Horrendous. The squeeze play was worth the R/R.
Stonks go up, bears go down
Oh you mean tie land to submit an application. Great company to work for.
Wtf yo 1k to 1500 in two months on just stocks is fantastic stay tf away from options.


Is what I would say if this wasn’t wsb, watch one yt video on options and yolo your savings.
**I am a bot and identified and tracked the following options picks within this post:**

|**Ticker**|**Strike**|**Type**|**Exp**|**Recorded Premium**|**Recorded Stock Price**|**OI**|**Volume**|
|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|
|**AMZN**|**$4000**|**BUY CALL**|**2021-04-16**|**$47.1**|**$3172.69**|**517**|**44**

[Realtime ROI](https://www.pickmojo.com/pick/ckj6im05244yz0747sfl2clrm) | [Track Record](https://www.pickmojo.com/user/possibly6/) | [Bot Info](https://www.reddit.com/r/pickmojo/comments/he9ghu/options_picks_tracking_bot_information/) | Leaderboard: [Week](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-week-reddit), [Month](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-month-reddit), [All](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/top-reddit) | [Exit this position](https://www.pickmojo.com/reddit_redirect)

**^(*Recorded after market close, will be recorded at the next market open if the premium is within 10% margin. My owner is monitoring these posts, reply with feedback! You can now track comments by mentioning me!)**
**I am a bot and identified and tracked the following options picks within this post:**

|**Ticker**|**Strike**|**Type**|**Exp**|**Recorded Premium**|**Recorded Stock Price**|**OI**|**Volume**|
|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|
|**PLTR**|**$40**|**BUY CALL**|**2021-01-15**|**$0.37**|**$27.75**|**19264**|**3093**

[Realtime ROI](https://www.pickmojo.com/pick/ckj6im03q44yn0747fl8xx09t) | [Track Record](https://www.pickmojo.com/user/Atlas___/) | [Bot Info](https://www.reddit.com/r/pickmojo/comments/he9ghu/options_picks_tracking_bot_information/) | Leaderboard: [Week](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-week-reddit), [Month](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-month-reddit), [All](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/top-reddit) | [Exit this position](https://www.pickmojo.com/reddit_redirect)

**^(*Recorded after market close, will be recorded at the next market open if the premium is within 10% margin. My owner is monitoring these posts, reply with feedback! You can now track comments by mentioning me!)**
There’s a suspicious and sudden amount of anti-GME gaybear posts today. Hmmm 🤔
Okay... so I’m not a conspiracy person but

- Nashville 
- RV plays a recording to try and minimize casualties 
- RV is parked at a time to minimize casualties 
- RV is parked near a data center that may have hosted or stored some kind of important data

what sort of terrorist goes out of their way to have zero causalities and the least amount of terror? And is mostly concerned with destroying data/evidence?

This is a weird one...
Yea I agree I used to really like Reddit. I dunno if it’s the influx of Facebookers, the new control China has over it or what but a lot of the people on here are annoying, cringy and toxic. I agree I’m trying to limit my time on here but pretty much spend 90% of my time on the WSB threads.
What if some one bought an investment property?

I believe there are 100% bonus deductions this year due to stimulus.
As long as it takes.
Soon in a few months or a couple? I'm trying to decide to go all in on this or GME Monday
Are you wheeling or just straight selling CCs? I switched to just selling CCs and have been doing well. Selling em on the memes and SPACs, pltr gme ipob rkt. Any tips? This is a viable strategy to run even with short-term gains taxes?
GME hitting 1,000 before Christmas??
Wtf is this? Yahoo finance??

No positions and 96,96 is what??
Hahahah
IRS rules regarding deductible and non deductible contributions to a Traditional IRA

"If you own both deductible and nondeductible IRAs, tax law mandates that your basis in the nondeductible funds must be spread out over all your traditional IRA funds, even if they're held in separate accounts at different financial institutions. You would logically want to convert nondeductible IRA funds first because there would seem to be less of a tax impact, but that's not how the tax math works out.

Let's say you contributed $5,000 to a deductible IRA in 2016, which means your basis is now zero in those funds. In 2018, you contributed $5,000 to an entirely nondeductible IRA, which means your basis is now $5,000. You have $10,000 in traditional IRA contributions with a basis of $5,000.

If you were to convert all your traditional IRAs to Roth IRAs and the value of your IRA account was $11,000, you would report as income $11,000 minus $5,000—your basis—which would be $6,000 in income.

Someone with mixed traditional IRAs might think, "Let's convert only the nondeductible IRA," but their basis would still be prorated across all their accounts. Assuming the current value is $5,500 in each IRA fund and the person converted only $5,500 from the nondeductible account, the math would still be the same: $5,500 (current value) minus $2,500 (basis prorated). This would result in income to report of $3,000."

https://www.thebalance.com/roth-ira-conversions-3193209
[deleted]
Sexy
Mods r fucking gay tho
BANNNNNNNNN
[deleted]
[deleted]
Exactly. Business model is not strong. I’m not in, just watching from the side line.
Well yolo into Amazon then and show us your gain porn 60 years from now
Yeah you’re outta luck, bud. Either get on the bus or don’t
$30 is very possible in my opinion. Well need the ER to really rocket tho. I got a position for March 30Cs atm. Should be well over 30 by then... just keep buying any dips.
Sure. The reason to buy in a single word is ***value***.

You mentioned 11 months, for example. So I will use your own example. What do you think you can return on your own without PSTH in 11 months? Buffet does 20% a year. Chamath got a few hundred % this year with multiple spacs. What can you do? Lets say you're really really good. You can do 40% in the next 11 months considering how tightened up the market is since March.

The value of PSTH, to answer your question, since this is a Q and A, is that once you consume enough info on all aspects of the play (the capped downside, the CEO, the climate, the spac size, the incentive, the S1, the investor list, the pool of targets), you quickly realize that this is a 200% stock in 12 months at minimum. That's at minimum, not counting your personal tontine warrants.

Anyone who's managing a port for themselves or their family is being negligent if they don't at least have a minority stake in this stock imo (as a hedge against your own successes or failures).
some kind of reptile
Dude, I’m in since 7$ and I’m not selling anything below 30$. You should look at intrinsic valuation. Ryan Cohen is not dumb. He didn’t buy at 16$ hoping to make a 10% gain
The Chinese government wants baba delisted, did you do literally any research on this?
Why you fucking frog. Ban you for calling the mods gay
I thought they stop games....
Do you really believe US currency will go to shit and we will all be using Bitcoins in real life for everything?
Best analogy possible, waking up to a retarded return percentage would have made me 69x happier than whatever gifts I got
Rarely sell calls
What the hell am I looking at? Robinhood calls or gtfo
We are!
That’s some funny shit I never thought of.
Alexandria Daddario was the true highlight of that series
[deleted]
I was just quoting Jack ma in vid between him and Elon
What do you think about the possibility of robinhood?
I really resent posts like this.
Xi: Elon... What did you call me?

Poots on TSLA.
Tonight I gonna have a bad bitch I like at my house 🏡, and I think I’ll eating her pussy. How long do I stay down there
I have like 13k in margin just sitting there...I think I need to do it...we’ll be to 30k by Monday anyways right

I mean those little dollars are just sitting there staring at me all lonely and waiting...I want them to go be happy with their friends 🥺
Waiting on your story time post after you try it.
WW84
You must have sold me the 1/15 27c.
[removed]
Compared to the average PP, mine is very tiny.
Talked to a girl who’s job is to give quotes on pricing. Said her quotes used to be good for at least a week and now not even good for 24 hours.
Yeah I go on here and other subreddits occasionally but usually end up cringing way too hard in other subs to tolerate. Thinking about just logging off for good because reddit is just incredibly toxic in general, and not very good for productivity.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Latter
Awesome! I'ma give it a shot ! Thanks
Amazon is boomer wide ways stock now rip
Tough crowd
Won’t happen
[deleted]
Not if it’s your sister
It looks as though you may have spelled "Chick-fil-A" incorrectly. No worries, it happens to the best of us!
Rewatching the true detective series, man 1 was the best shit ever, 2 was trash and 3 mediocre.

Can we get mcconaughey and Harrellson again and fuck off with the rest of the series?
True. Yeah if Cohen gets GME its a goldmine
It’s like meth; once you get a taste you can’t get enough and nothing else can make you as happy as that first gain. Everyone on here is still chasing that high; unless they’re a 🌈🐻; they can’t relate...
[removed]
[removed]
Trying to catch a mooning knife.
[removed]
Why shares on something that is always trending down? You want a strangle with decent expiry to capture a spike.
You are going to have a bad time, if this is actually a serious post
cuz your a rich homie and all my rich homies have calls on steel
[removed]
[deleted]
It has gone down too much too fast imo, thanks to stupid shorts and a pandemic. I agree that we may see a dip, but it won’t go under 16$ again. And that doesn’t matter because we will see 30$ before April. Not by a short squeeze, but on intrinsic valuation alone. You should have a look at Q4 and FY2021 earnings estimates
Mods?
Fuck it I'm in. Get rich or die trying!
It still has revenue and brand recognition. It can also own a vertical if it had the right vision. NKLA deserves to go to 0
Sorry man, bot is telling me not to say anything.
Says under 160k tho. Am i missing something?
GME Gang
Fuck you I'm an incel without hate and proud
No big allows that! Who do you trade through?
i definitely do not think itll go that high LOL you madlad but the crazy thing is that even if it DID hit 100 it would still be $120 away from its ATH (unlike these other meme stocks currently sitting at their ATHs)
Whats a hamster?
Pretty close, The bank got a new manager (or owner, something like that, previous manger was a family friend) thought his loans looks sketchy and called all his notes
Fuck you I'm an incel and proud
I have to imagine with the huge amount of 12/31 28 calls for SPCE last week that there is some announcement coming that would be bullish anyone else in SPCE?
Took me 1 yr exactly to pay everything off and I didn’t owe very much. It was $45k total that I needed. 26k on house, 10k on car, 9k emergency fund and taxes. I was always good with paying off the credit card. 

I made $24k from the $2400 I had in RH on puts in Feb and calls since April.
[deleted]
[removed]
No clue tbh. People
Sad the same
Bullshit about bitcoins being the next big thing last time blah blah, it’ll probably
Violently crash again. People think it’s going to hit 200k march like
The fuck
Amen
I sold at 18 cause I bought in 17, if I somehow get lucky for a 17 dip I'm going all in again
What the hell is this BS?
No, you can get up to 20k pretty easily. Beyond that takes special circumstances. Start googling backdoor roth ira and stop when you're comfortable.
lmao, what a good boy
Crazy how my whole concept of money has totally
Changed after discovering options
Agree
Nah, you can do both when you try hard and believe in yourself.
depends on your net worth
Ban this frogget
Wtf is this shit 

&#x200B;

Ban.
Great user name, not so great financial or literal life expectancy
Ah this makes sense. Not American.
I thought it would happen pretty soon after elections.
keeping markets closed for 3 days straight should be fucking illegal
Nah why would you be a simp?
Anyone buying BABA Monday after the drop?
[removed]
Nobody tell him

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
You have no idea what your talking about. What is the purpose of stimulus? Dyor
It should have been reaching a new ATH awhile ago imo but we’ll see if it has a decent earnings run up.
I'd say no. This is like those million other situations where you're hearing about it after it already took off to the moon.
i do it all the time
I ensure you that's not Elons flame-thrower, that shit won't cook a steak even if its existence depended on it
That's peoples whole job to make up tons of drug names. Marketing and English degrees with some Latin classes maybe? I want that job too.
I thought that would hold it back a bit. Only temporary tho. What’s your PT?
1st season of the strain was so good regardless of budget. Some scenes literally got me shaken up
Lol. https://www.reddit.com/r/InterdimensionalCable/comments/kkc8f6/shark_tank_but_all_the_sharks_are_out_before_even/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf
Same. Mine are down -84% right now. ⚰️
I like to start with the asshole then work to the clit, haven’t gotten any complaints yet lol
GGs to everyone who bought Riot/Mara calls on thursday
Sounds kind of racist
🤣🤣🤣
yes, 2 group of fat ugly fucks think they are too hot for everyone
hey man light up keyboards are cool ok
M
I stopped reading at "My goal is not to become a billionaire."
No fucking clue but I have a few calls for some reason.
Is that your whole portfolio? Seems pretty smart to me, not sure why you're here.
Tks ❤️
Visionaries
Maybe this is good advice but I wouldn't know cuz nobody who shows up behind the Wendy's ever asks for that
It's hard to enjoy the holidays nowadays
get in IBKR account
Buying 12/24 calls? Its almost like you didn't read any of the DDs and just bought like a month out haha 🔥💰🔥
Idk about Jan but $100+ by Summer and not even joking
They are still diluting shares tho. I’d say maybe 14-15 next week
I’m sure someone will have a scientific explanation for us involving chemical interaction in your body but I feel the same.
It’s got a high market cap don’t worry
Shut up, anyone can say the alphabet phonetically...
Same my guy. Fucking same.
[deleted]
It's just stupid to think it hasn't gone up too much too fast imo. Anytime everyone on WSB is on a stock, that's a major red flag to me.
Nah, just for being a dummy
> lick her hamstrings 

what the fuck am i reading
I think theta gang is the most bullish on time
Ah $JD 🚀🚀🚀🚀
Haha. That is a sick combo, tbh

good work
Fuck please! Theta burn is killing my patience. There are some Twitter AMZN bears that have me wanting to take a loss but I really think it’s about to run up some.
Thomas edison was a fraud
My parents follow Dave Ramsey.  They’ve been investing for their entire lives and are solidly lower middle class which is where they started.
Get this gay shit off of here.
AMD 2023 LEAPs are where it's at
Its optional now. The majority of games sold are digital now
You can do a lot of shit during a national emergency. Dictator cuomo passed an order freeing all medical personal in the state from any legal liability whatsoever. 

Pretty easy to train people to give medicine or push drugs through an IV.
I yell “to infinity, and beyond” every time I buy call options.
MARA to $20 next week!
that must have been painful.
[deleted]
Brain fart I’m so high I think I’ll remember if I don’t think about it
Reply to this comment if you will BTFGMED (Buy the fucking GME dip)
Just say boomer mentality
Some idiots
iT cAnT gO tItS uP
[deleted]
Tell me why buying 1000 shares of VXX when it’s $15-$17 and selling in the 20s is a bad idea? You just need $17k to get started
I mean he’s been holding for a long time so maybe less
paying for porn is a simp move
😳
I'm going to blow my fucking load if we are somehow green on Monday
Yeah. Wow. Reading about it now with some vodka in hand. Wild.

I mean I see your dilemma in part. Need to read more. But yeah. Take comfort in knowing a split between these two will return very very well.

I may transition half the shroom position into this though. Interesting. Thanks.
👀
I know you've probably heard this before, but i am disgusted by the lack of black theme.
Stimmy dies tonight, federal budget Monday night. Market isn't going to like it, but it's probably not doing anything that dramatic. They are used to this shit by now, I'm guessing...
shit that's a value meal for five easily son
Check the NASDAQ hi / low schedule, but they only release one week in advance.
[deleted]
You know you can take contributions out without penalties...

The only money thats "locked up" which really isn't is any gains.
That was satisfying
[removed]
This is good for small street bets
[removed]
serious question pls no trolls or flaming.

&#x200B;

Is bitchcorn actually gold 2.0 or is it just hype round 2 from 2017? Institutional money makes me think the former
Jacked to the tits with 4,000 shares! Thx for the new hope! Let’s go!! 🚀🚀
Positions please
Did you find it?
Saw a post trending last week and joined this week, already lost $500, waiting on that stimulus to make it $1100 lmao
[deleted]
$350
Not QQQJ June 2021
Either 0 or 300
PRPL WILL HT 40 before PLTR
Started out trading out my company’s yearly small equity award and was making a 20% return up until COVID when I pulled all my funds right before everything tanked hard. Stayed out of the market till about July and started dripping capital into clean energy ETFs.  Also put some capital right into the TESLA and Apple splits and probably could have went deeper, but wanted to take a more cautious approach just because of the uncertainty. 

Went in heavy on TAN, ACES and ICLN right after Biden’s win looked certain and rode that plus some other stocks to a 40% gain in the past eight weeks or so. 

I know this return won’t be sustained, so starting to read up on other strategies to try and beat the averages.
Compiled by who?
It’s going to be an absolute bloodbath next week isn’t it?
What the fuck is this?
I admit I copped some margin cuz I’m certain bft is a two bagger and I have no idea what the big deal is.
I mean GME kinda does deserve to go to 0. Its trash but still hope it squeezes
ban
China
Which 802.3 spec is he?
nailed it
[removed]
Trade under an llc, expense everything
[deleted]
I used to really enjoy Reddit but lately I find so many people on here are whiny gatekeeping cunts. Now I just frequent here, MMA and that’s basically it
This
By no means is this fool proof or even a “good strategy”. It’s just been working for me in the midst of a wildly bullish market.
PT Barnum was a better showman
Texas 🤠
Every 9 shares I own pre merger allows me to buy 2 additional shares post merger?  What?
Will definitely be a dip. Hold shares and hedge with puts
Were do we think BABA will be in three months
[deleted]
Who gets to name all these drugs. I would like to get on this committee.
Would like to know this so I can vroom! 🚀
Are you a simp for subscribing someone  on onlyfan?
PLTR**
[removed]
Ban u goofy
When even xKhaos420 is callin u all nerdvirgins. Thats when u know u fucked up.
Option calls with those $700 if that😅🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
god damn this makes me feel better, thank you kind retard
Fuck you 🌈🐻, go get me a Wendy’s spicy chicken sandwich.
Hope you’re joking 😂
like shorting tsla


oh wait
?
Lol 😂 can’t say for others but I love US lol.
GME will probably dip to low 19’s high 18’s on Monday briefly and I will BTFD, next will be a moon mission💪💪💪
[removed]
I’ve heard of one called Big Money Mindset and he has a patreon I think it’s $20 month. I think I’m going to start with that guy
Ban
if you gonna eat pussy dont attack the clit first

you gotta lick her hamstrings and then slowly work your way down and then around
I miss the days I had this much energy and ambition. Good job.
Fr how did he do that. It took me at least 3 minutes to read that tweet
you think half these idiots don't live in their parents' basement with three monitors and a light up keyboard?
[deleted]
Lowkey? This shit moooooooning
had some CLF for a bit sold it this week for a 10% gain. might get back in next week if PLTR or GME gets me some gains.
Hahahah
[deleted]
Bro I told u to buy gme after it dipped 

U can afford lady boi cock yummy yummy 🤤 cock because of me
Lol you must lack serious critical thinking skills if you think that im arguing that you cannot exchange one bitcoin for a certain amount of US dollars.

Bitcoin is not an asset, it does not represent anything, and is inferior to fiat currency in 9/10 ways.
Wrong sub.
I’m so glad I wasn’t the only one trying to understand.
This would be a wonderful thing but unfortunately if it’s coming from big pharma and Bill Gates, I ain’t touching that shit with a yard stick. Will make bets on it tho and let the sheep masses get injected
DOGECOIN
So if he doesn’t sign it by 12 tonight no stimmy and shutdown how would the market react?
For the record I played it before. I got out and went into GME. Worked out pretty good
Not a flamethrower
[removed]
All time chart or fuck off
What were your positions retard?
😳
My dude, I commend you on such hard work.

My only advice to you as a random stranger to be to take a step back sometimes, and try to zen out as well, rather than going full throttle at all times.

Also, when you get the good money, look into buying RE, like a small condo of sorts in a desirable area is always a massive start depending on your cash flows, then look for a Tesla :)
I waited for the dip and missed out on 15%. Just buy in brøther tendies wait for nobody
They are one step closer to being an EV company.
[removed]
It’s expiring OTM, your just collecting a premium
You can still wax and bleach your b-hole
Thanks for this, trying to shore up my strategy so tips like this help a lot.
Cool username retard
I did this when I first got my dog out of college. Sat and talked with her for like an hour when I dropped my dog off and then he was such a little shit she turned out to be a huge bitch and asked me for more money when I picked him up. We never talked again
Why buy Psth? What if deal doesn’t happen for another 11 months? That’s like money sitting in a high yield savings account
PRPL $40 EOW
Bridgetown
All in on THCB
I like that 186.30 number. If it hits that, I’ll get some 18JUN $220c. That is, if my money is freed up by then
[removed]
Y’all act like we got a magic wand for you retards. The moment you swipe up and the confetti flies as you sell your weekly, it’s too late.

Here’s some tax strategies you can take going forward:

1) Utilize the one-time $300 charitable contribution limit for non itemized filers this year - take some money and give it back to a local 501(c)(3) before 12/31

2) Stop being a paper pussy and start having a diamond dick. It’s actually beneficial to hold 366 days if your income triggers tax above 20%.

3) Buy some real estate with those tendies, and live in it too. Take your gains, get a mortgage, and “unlock” the mortgage interest expense deduction as a premium itemized deduction filer. Live in that house for 2 years, and sell at a gain without any capital gain tax (upto $250k)

4) Find an opportunity zone and invest your gains in it, it literally defers all that gain. Worth looking into, for those with serious gains.

5) Sell on 1/1/2021 - then you don’t have to worry about it until 4/15/2022 (although you should pay quarterlies)

6) Make quarterly tax payments - when you sell, set 20% aside and pay the fed for the period between 1/1-4/15 (Q1) 4/16-6/15 (Q2) 6/16-9/15 (Q3) and 9/15-12/15 (Q4). Don’t forget about state either you dumbfucks.
It’s not.
Dang, that’s fat. Good work!
No not as of now. It’s technically governed my maritime law. So same rules apply as those in international waters.
College kids are in Christmas vacation. On January, these incels will be gone
Hmmm, I always thought it was my buttcheeks getting spread when I fuck up and close another losing trade.  This is good to know.
Thanks bro
I'm not kidding I will volunteer for the first one way trip to mars
[deleted]
But I hate my family :/
Cite some.
[deleted]
To be fair tho, I’m 32 and still can’t wait for this bullshit to be over.

My mom should have swallowed
Monday market rockets 🚀🚀
Lol that FDS sub is for angry lesbians who’ve been scorned by the male gender
Same
His rants and world views are more entertaining/agreeable to me.
Damn I bought my gpu with it, is my graphics card valueless by association?
brimming with hormones

creates stronger emotional tides
What if my family's idea of bonding is over the stock market. Our talk is 70% about stocks, 20% gossip, and 10% current events.

Truly the best of both world hanging out with fellow gambling addicts during the Holidays. I love my family!!!
Mods ban me if you gay you wont
$40
Everyone reading this chuckled than remembered they were here too....
How do direct listing
Got covid. Fucked.
Weed Stonks up bigly in the Vatican City Index
Yep I'm well aware of how hydrogen fuel cells work.

I'm interested in this hydrogen powercell that uses batteries.  Never heard of it.
Elon musk is more PT Barnum than thomas Edison
Now i can jerk off tonight
Petco is a pump and dump so their CEO’s and management can cash out, I use Chewy and pet smart all the time even barkbox but not pet smart. The only places petco is good is because their isn’t a pet smart yet. They lack online presence. Puts for sure
Go all in on circuit city, baby!!!
"Were you born in a barn?"
hey i am a real gentleman IRL 

this is just locker room talk

or is it?
Nah I live in California. I think our property tax is less but our state tax is more? Not sure. But that SALT cap really fucked me over
[deleted]
Shut up lol
Just let pin risk hit between a vertical spread and then you can margin millions of dollars of shares over the weekend while keeping your cash for Wendy’s
Just peaked at the chart. That has been an incredible climb in the last 45 days, Jesus Fuck.
might wanna shake off that feeling of kicking yourself if you didn't max out. Every gain you'll ever make will feel that way.
Galaxy brain shit:  using www.rover.com to meet women.  👀🍻🤣
Nice work. I will also yolo some calls on Monday
Thanks too lazy/high to google. So that’s like Wednesday then I think cuz they passed it Sunday
What poots lol. Strike and date?
Ya I'm mad bullish on time.

Definitely calls on time at any cost

Writing up a DD later
Join the rocket ship 🚀
Long dates Tesla calls that nigga sending people to mars nigga he gonna nine gold from the core bigga my grill finna have mars gold
That's the flamethrower from the movie Lethal Weapon, 😆.
Actually you can make crazy gains from pinned stocks. Fuk them with their strategy.
Bro did the 40c PLTR calls on Thanksgiving lmao
This guy recommends burying gold in your backyard.
The day trade limit means us plebs have to stick to leaps
GUHT
Never forget ✊
The problem with Elon news is you can never tell if someone is being sarcastic
ok thought so, thanks!
Never forget ✊
Try buying stocks in SPACs.

Not as risky as options, but just the right amount of risk judging by your other comments.

If you get in close to the $10 mark for most SPACs, there's relatively little downside.

Not financial advice, but significant return potential.
Go up like 15-20%, as it usually does
Can we get a where are they now WSB celebrity edition?
[removed]
[deleted]
Can’t remember his exact user name. Ironman something or another. The box spread guy that actually did go tits up. Was on the front page and in the news lol.
Ban
hahaha oh no. I doubt Elon would actually say that, Xi goes nuts when this happens for real
NIO has big event Jan 9 with new car and battery announcements   Buy that shit retard
Fourth times the charm.. Said no one ever
lol you must live in north jersey. I'm down the shore because it's ever so slightly more affordable and way less people - especially this time of year.
What's yall guess on apple price after earnings
😂
What stock took a nosedive? Write their CEO and ask for a refund
The gains are largely the market soaking up the effects of the money printer going brrrr. Tech, Fintech, pharmaceuticals have been soaking up more of it, but that actually makes sense when you consider that being the world reserve currency favors tech/R&D, and harms labor exports and services.

The historic run will stop when the money printing stops. At which point it will only slow rather than crash (which is what happened after we stopped QE from the 2007 crash.

People think we're printing all this money against our 22T economy rather than the 100T global economy our currency services as the reserve. We're printing like maniacs right now to keep the global economy moving rather than to simply bail ourselves out.

A strong dollar crushes international trade and hurts everyone. A weak dollar increases international trade and helps everyone, including us since we're the epicenter of the global economy.
I picked up a couple hundred worth just because of this shit show. Up pretty good
[deleted]
Can you link to a news article that says amazon is releasing their sales numbers on Monday? I can’t find anything confirming Monday as the date.
good man you sly dog you
[removed]
👀
Having a skating rink on your driveway is fun! Unless you want to use it for a car.
I know how this one ends...
So you’re saying I should follow him to learn all the moves to *NOT* make??
"At approximately 11:10 a.m. a slag pit eruption occurred at the No. 4 Blast Furnace. Thankfully there are no injuries. However the event caused a significant air emission. Ministry of Environment, Conservation and Parks have been alerted," the statement reads.

Verdun said there were "a series of eruptions that occurred during the Slag Casting process – when slag and molten iron from the Blast Furnace are separated and the slag is cast."

She said "In this case liquid slag / iron came into contact with moisture which caused the eruptions."

Verdun said "The reaction was between water and primarily liquid iron and would have been comprised of mostly iron, iron oxide and water vapour, as well as silica, calcium, magnesium, carbon dioxide, and carbon monoxide." [source cba article](https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.cbc.ca/amp/1.5855111)
I mean thursday lol
Can’t wait till Monday! Dumping the rest I have into GME plus selling some others for more GME monies 🚀🚀🚀
gonna yolo my entire savings into something this week for one big win and then bounce, whats the play boys
You gotta pay taxes on Mars?
Third antitrust probe coming in the next few weeks
What cause am I defending ass lube?
will read up
Just 10 days
ban
[removed]
28.7
Y u no chicken sammich
Gme bitch
Can't say it on this sub homie
Money......
Positions or ban, dumbass.
[deleted]
Wait until they find out about the six figure debt that was printed for them this year alone to keep a few boomers alive.
Do it again, with more money this time
Elon bought into tesla dickhead it wasnt his idea
Today. It's tied to to the budget and there will be a government shutdown Monday at midnight if it isn't signed.
LOL me
What's $ICLN going to by 1/15/21?
Claim losses. Make money.
rich people owns politicians 

the real wealthy dont have "earned" income they have passive and portfolio income.

rent income, qualified dividends, long term capital gains all get taxed low ass rates along with no fica tax
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/jay1jay78 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
This is the longest the markets been consecutively closed in a long time..
There is something to be said about taking a few losses before you land a 10 bagger

Or I’m just trying to justify buying GME weeklies at the highs and watching them expire worthless
**Pretty Pretty Epic.**

**For the record, I am also going to be** ***PSTH active*** **on Monday AM. I will be further increasing the port position. Its becoming all-in vibes.**
HODOR
Bad
They dig risk, so tell her you have AIDS
Bro link this is going to tank the stock Xi is SUPER sensitive about that
Just take a stroll down to the pier and jump on a strangers boat.
Your taxable income would decrease by $3000 this year $3000 next year. Maximum you can offset your taxable income is $3000 in short term capital losses.
DOGECOIN TO THE MOON WOOF
Did you say it’s cuz of her or make an excuse?
I’ve traded speculative options inside my Roth & Rollover IRAs for years.
Facts
Dammit now I’ve got another chubby 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🌑
[deleted]
[deleted]
i did a 1 year leap, almost the same thing
Agreed
Ban
You need emojis to pump your stock, that’s how we roll here
[deleted]
You should go to spelling class.
we could just ignore them
I just realized that I haven't bought anything expiring in 2021 yet
She doesn’t fuck with unoriginal retards
No one cares about your penny stock friend. 

We have FD’s for insane moves on real companies.
I just did the same for fun too. Let's have fun losing money
Quit Wendy’s, don’t resign, just don’t go and they’ll fire you. Collect unemployment checks
Lol try riot 30 call ?
Why would the government create/encourage such an account?

With roth IRAs you can at least take out your contributions without penalty.  And if you made it big on a yolo then 10% is fair.  Or you could just hope for another pandemic where they waive the penalty!

401k loan is also sorta close.  Mine lets me borrow 50k @5% interest but the interest is being paid to myself.
Might sell 1-2 weeks prior and then buy back in idk. Supposedly some employees want out due to the companys bad "ethics"
Time only goes up...  🤯
pack mommy and her boyfriends bags on the streets. Ta-da! You get it to yourself🤷‍♀️
Yeah I'm at 17k a year. Fuck me
Anyone else tired of opening some reddit post like "My life is over, I am so unproductive and can't find a job" or "She broke my heart and now I have nothing to live for" and then the first fucking words in the post are "I'm 18 years old and..."

And? You're a fucking child, barely out of your daddy's ballsack. You have your entire life ahead of you so stop being a little shit.
SPACs namely GH IV, IN AQ, BT WN. probably split between the 3 of them in feb calls
I haven't bought anything expiring in 2021 yet
Source
And keep contributing and will have 1M
Gov’t : Best we can do is 3,000.00 USD
[removed]
Hope NIO begins its ascent towards NIO Day. I got shares of PLTR but I dunno when it begins it’s run again
None
Practically leaps.
im excited
You do you. What's the single most attractive factor about PSTH though? While I have you here...
Hold and when in late 30s will have 300K
Where'd the extended edition?
How late is too late to buy GME?
He's the strung out guy in a flophouse talking about how everyone needs to get their shit together.
Buying puts with covered calls is not very bearish lol. His risk is free and he gets downside protection. If GME moons, he lost nothing and still has shares. How is this very bearish?
Hopefully AMZN holiday sales will start a nice pump alllll the way until earnings
What r u
[deleted]
Don't see the problem. Mainly it is anti-porn, which most men use too much of anyways. I am not religious, btw.
Weekend thread always like this
IM NOT RACIST AND NEITHER ARE MY FRIENDS. 

What a weird cause to defend.
Wow, great point. I wonder where this car I have been driving came from if Tesla didn’t make it...
Life oh life
And what do they pay to be a shill?
are u my mom?
[deleted]
I got small dick. Sorry
Have a downvote for otc.
I love GME and mods gave me this randomly when I asked in a daily thread once
Elon caught on video calling Xi a teddy bear.

Puts on TSLA.
GME
If I got $3.7 million, I would gladly pay 1.7 mill in taxes, no problem
Wrong.
Let’s go! All in the GME rocket
[deleted]
Sell at 230$ and buy on the next dip. Third antitrust probe coming in the next few weeks
1 minute to midnight
I typically have open 90\~ small positions, each $1-5k, scalping 2-3% on each, 99% success rate, sometimes it takes a week to close, sometimes it's a few minutes. I then have 3 major positions, which I don't scalp and rarely close. Of those three are CRSR, PLTR, and GME.

I closed CRSR at 44, top of compression triangle, .618 retrace, and all kinds of indicators firing. I'm starting to average back into CRSR. PLTR and GME? YOLOing them both until blast off and moon landing. If I'm wrong I'll make it up scalping, but both are solid imo.
When did wsb become the new incel reddit
I dunno why people short GME. There are literally easier plays that won't leave you bankrupt
[removed]
I had the same reaction at first. Took me two honest minutes to realize.
How many times do we have to teach you this lesson, old man?!
Why would rich people invest in real economy? Just buy stonks or buy real estate and it will go up. Who needs to start businesses?
that's why i bet on sports, einstein. get off my back
You should claim it on this year's taxes
They need a 8% moon for good times sake
He has like 30 days to decide if he wants to veto or sign. It’s called a pocket veto I think
Dude you are actually so fucking retarded:

“Additionally, the investor might also consider it if they are bullish on the stock over the long term, but are unsure of shorter term prospects.”

“An investor's best case scenario is when the underlying stock price is equal to the strike price of the written call option at expiry.”

https://www.investopedia.com/terms/c/collar.asp

I sell calls every week. What you’re not understanding is that long shares are part of a collar. Your confidence is amazing.
[deleted]
When you lose money the government actually starts to owe you money, so don’t worry
Hahahahha
Cheers brotha
PLTR gang, how we feeling about lockup period?
They got a new leader and are changing what they do.

They realized their mistakes.. and while they fucked us for years, I think a lot of us found some lucky steals in the store throughout the years.. it’s nostalgia faith from 90s kids.
That is pretty weird for a professional interview, their knees are almost touching
[deleted]
😳
I love how you had to say it again lolol
Moving to my dads 😠
Just dont pay it = 100% savings
[deleted]
“Guh”
Laughably stupid opinion
[removed]
no fucking kidding. I pay over 100k in taxes a year and I'm no where near rich. even just property taxes in NJ are absurd. 14k/yr for a 3k sq/ft house.
It will, even if it dips along the way. This is only stopping when shorts leave
why are you asking that here, retard?
[deleted]
Sounds like a unit from the army
Lol what the hell? Thanks for the platinum!!!!
[deleted]
Same thing won’t happen twice
Donald Trump is the past dude.
"here are white people who are not as powerful as the system of white people — the caste system that’s been put in place. But they still, no matter where they are on the rung or ladder of success, they still have their whiteness. You still have your whiteness. That’s what the term ‘white privilege’ is. It means that whiteness still gives you an advantage

Miss Winfrey owns several houses — two of which are in areas with almost no blacks. One (named “The Promised Land” and worth $50,000,000) is in Montecito, California. That town is 85.7 percent white, 5.7 percent Hispanic, 4.4 percent Asian, and 1.4 percent mixed. In 2010, the census reported that 55 black people lived there. Another house, worth $2,100,000, is in Kula, Hawaii. That town is: 57.8 percent white, 19.8 percent mixed, 13.6 percent Asian, 4.7 percent Pacific Islander (including Hawaiians), 8.2 percent Hispanic — and 0 percent black."

Even black people prefer the company of white people.
Yeah move to Texas
Pandora
[deleted]
it was delisted in China
Tieland=ropeland?
GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO MUSKKKKKKKKKK!!!!!!!
Wow I went away for the couple hours and the sentiment completely shifted. Guess the 🅱️EEKEND 🅱️OW does mean something
Who keeps leaving all the fucking doors wide open! Losing all the heat
Care to elaborate?
Amazon sells everything, yet this man made an amazon for pet products and it succeeded.
[deleted]
I wouldn’t, id turn it into 1k
Yeah it totally sucks. my strategy is to lose money in the market so I pay less I'm taxes. Working so far this year
what if I secretly despise my family because I'm anti-social? What about anti-social rights? Open the god damn markets already fuck!
[deleted]
What makes you a GameStop pro
GME
Ok whoever set this up, I fucking love you. Favorite WSB Easter Egg so far lmao
[removed]
So boring to see the same old bear bashing from cock suckers.
Paying down debt, closing down unprofitable stores, possible new direction with new leadership, short squeeze, ‘nuff said
Reading not required but there really is a ton of bullish news...share buy back among them!
Ya: GUH
Either that or I’m going to use the covered call to buy some FD out at December
Seriously? Why ask for which one to yolo and then not do the ones that are most hyped, for legitimate reasons
🍻
1.) Wait 101 years 

2.) Buy BABA puts 

3.) free money
Tree fiddy
Positions or ban
Why are you here on the weekend thread then family man? 🤡
There’s so much fucking DD about this stock answering your questions that was posted in the past couple days.

You wanna be a 🌈🐻 cuck? Go ahead man we can do a !remind me when I’m rich as fuck driving a lambo and taking turns tag teaming your wife
see you at the top
day traders get QBI
[deleted]
Fact can confirm but getting better at shielding capital.  🍻😘
Pop quiz retards. You’re a neet living in your parents basement, and with blind luck you yolo’d your first Wendy's paycheck and made 3k. You need to reach 10 by the end of jan before mommy and her boyfriend kick you to the streets. How do you do it? (sucking dick is cheating)
Trash OTC medical company near all time low?? Count me in!!
When is this stimulus deadline?
Congrats brother. This train will keep chugging
Bro I made my next play from typing 🍉 into RH I'll be waiting for you at the finish line.
Ya Allah, did you mean to visit r/MuslimNoFap? In challah you will be victorious.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Gotta say my boy “soldierofallah1” came thru with a glorious “progress update” here:

https://reddit.com/r/MuslimNoFap/comments/kkrcqf/alhamdulillah/

Nothing quite like a solid wall of religious nonsense to justify not masturbating. Calls on all those motherfuckers
This train has more to run
Seriously? There's a legit DD like every other day
[removed]
ABML, ALPP, PHE, PLUG, MGNI, TLSS, TKA (my bet)

Put some in all of them and you won‘t lose but gain 2x or 3x
Ya dude I'm going long calendar, it's the most consistent thing I've ever seen

Get Calendar 2022 calls for Jan '22 at literally any price
It’s even better, if you reverse image search that steaming pile of marketing bs we’re calling a ‘graph’ it’s from a French site in 2018.
The sad thing is I thought I might actually see a convincing bear thesis. Maybe one day. I'll save this anyway, thanks for trying Jason
A retarded scientist is 10x more likable than a lazy retard. No one likes a lazy retard.

Stop asking questions and do the experiment yourself.
I love that song
Nba players pays lots of taxes, like 50% so if Lebron earns $40 million, $20 million goes to government
Lowe's and Home Depot both sell flame weeders that you can hook up to a propane tank.  I'm not sure of the range on it.
I just wanna squeeze these retards
[deleted]
[removed]
[deleted]
Hong Kong was closed on Friday too. Shanghai index was up bigly, like 1%
How much are they paying you big guy?
you're all HVM kings in my book
[deleted]
The people that pays the most taxes were the upper middle class you know. Like rich people has lots of tax breaks but doctors, lawyers have to pay 50% or more total taxes
🍉 were naughty and got a spanking.
Skanht
The compromises and promises Delorean made that made his car look the way it did are eerily similar to Elon's promises with the Cybertruck. The side by side shot will make for an epic closing shot on the future American Greed episode.
Talk to me in June
It’s your delight
Dope, thanks!
What was the last company?  Also how do you take a video game shop into the future when all major video game makers are selling their games to you directly from their consoles already?
“Weekend dow is mooning”

*up .04%*

Love u guys never change🥰🥰
Calls on 2021 free money
Imagine Ryan Cohen calls for an ultra proxy contest at the next GME shareholders meeting and we get a hydro proxy squeeze 👽👽👽👽
Ya stupid fucks if you did not buy the SQ dip on Friday !!!
Friday the market was closed for Christmas.
How much taxes is gme guy gonna pay, like $3.7 million so his taxes is $1.7 million at least?

Or he’s smart and had some tactical plan to lessen taxes?
HK was closed on friday.
I’m a little lost here, how?
I dont know.
# Market only open 4 days next week. 🤡
This is the best if this is what this sub becomes. Think Etsy you little Bloomberg hoe.
havn is a innovative company for health care, the company will launch their first products in the beginning of 2021
y 2
Also not to mention their contracts with the government they have SO much going for them
even cramer admits that wsb is doing better than some retards on Wall Street
check this guy out
Weird way of spelling $GME
BABA is going to zero, wait for the third antitrust probe, on their insurance business
dam u really did sell at the bottom back in march huh? lol
Haven't seen it since my teens but from what I remember it seems it wouldn't really age as badly as some tv shows. Really entertaining episodes. A few duds scattered around.
Bro he went against Bezos and won.
Fuck, that’s funny. I assume he will be taxed at 50%, so he getting $10 k write off on $20 k spent on Reddit awards
[removed]
Be careful this week, as EOY rebalancing happens for tax reasons. Then we all clear man.
nyc is. shit hole
That’s not until next year, I’m not worried.
[removed]
True. Its 400% over 1B
I don't see any. Is this where you deconstruct everyone's comment to find 'hidden' racism or something, that you learned in "history and estligrebriogical origin of racism" class? What a loser.
[deleted]
Really high. What’s FD again? I can’t remember now. I’m losing my mind!
Agreed!
Explain Obama
This shit is gonna get oddly specific fast.
dude, if you can't figure it out from what I just revealed, you don't deserve to make money dog. Learn to learn
We would get a portrait of Papa Musk riding a steed with DMX's face into Valhalla
Fuck that guy show me his wife and I’ll spit my game and have a porno tape of her
Watch his videos, he is not selling until April
AvG down like me
GUHHHHH 😫
I was working a shitty landscaping job and got $3k from my great grandmother dying so I yolo'd $1k in the market and lost it. Decided I wasn't done and also still didn't know shit about options. So I took $1k from my tax return and this was right as the market was taking a downturn. Made about $5k in a few days. Quit my shitty job. Had about $10k in my bank and $15k in RH at one point. Thats a lot for a 20 year old. Then welp, I lost most of it. You live and you learn but I'm working a much better job now and I live in a different state.
**Its a great commentary you provide actually. This is so important.** 

A lot have people have been where you are, man. In terms of struggling with the insane hype around stripe. All of us who research and post this stock are guilty of some degree of stripe sensationalism. If we are being honest, we all are. Why? *We are humans and we can become biased and reliant on wishful thinking.* Stripe would be the ultimate gift for shareholders of this company.

My own story is a bit weird. I secured all my positions the week before the Stripe theory started picking up online. So I was in before that. So for you it may be different and you worry about the volatility and risk. That's fair. All I can say is that if you do the math, the most you can lose number is pretty low. The most you can gain number is pretty high.

As for dilution, I think that most people, when it gets press on LOI, will better get the tontine incentives. No one in their right mind would toss that value away. 

**AND**

*This is all combined with the fact that the company quality is what is gunna drive the price up or down. And once you learn enough about Ackman, his tendencies and how he's likely to operate in this kind of deal (by proxy look at the structure he's made) you realize in a sober way that this is going to be the stock story of 2021. Regardless of target.*
People here gonna cry next week again, because market is closed on New Years Day
There is no chance whatsoever  their risk management has thought of this after all they've been through. It's too easy. Too simple. It'll work.
Well I'm both a noob and a retard so I bought high strike calls about two or three weeks out based on zero research other than DD I saw on this sub but didn't read.
Ok but at what age should I care about this post
It’s a tax write off
My guess would be market cap. This is over 1 bil.
Ban those racist fucks.
Mikey Millions of course
[removed]
mods dont enforce shit here unless its pOliTicz
We all know stonks only go up

Turns out, years also only go up

2021 > 2020

Get rekt bears
lol okay gotcha
[deleted]
Imagine being so retarded you can't even grasp the premise of an entire sub but continue to post there. Holy fuck boy go buy some CD's.
He never specified end of which week
Tho. Also I can’t read either
Easy fix, switch the chart to all time
I’m buying 6k on Monday. I’m intending to buy another 6k feb 1st. I’m also going to probably sell the feb cc on $35. Really hard to pass up a 5% Roi especially when I can use it to buy mor shares on any dip.
Raise the bid by .1 and see if she immediately matches it. If so -> algo bot for sure.
[deleted]
Pretty sure he has been taking profits
Shhh I haven’t picked up any yet :/
I've got 2300 of them. I was selling covered calls but started buying them back at a loss to avoid being exercised. Selling puts on the dips is working though.
Most of us are west coast tech babies who don’t do anything as stupid as shovel snow or live where the elements are trying to kill you. We have PG&E for that.
[removed]
I looked at last year’s and they did really good and mooned 4% that day. I’m hoping the same will happen, want to buy 12/31 calls at open.
Fuck this bullshit back to back motherfucker
You wanna get some shwarma? I saw a place near here. We should get some shwarma.
Yes damnit and I have 1/29 17 call that I am debating taking the 4% gain on. But they also restarted iron operations at like 6 facilities on 12/23
saw your comment before delta replied but if you’re still lost see his [previous post ](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kixho7/psth_pershing_square_tontine_holdings_ltd_the/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf)
There is no real way to avoid taxes on trading stocks unless you don't pay them. The best case scenarios the exist is prob a way to defer your taxes for long periods of time, ideally till you retire when your at your lowest income level.

Other than that, you can mess with Fifo and Lifo.

In general, Fifo is best used in a declining market and Lifo is best used in a increasing market.

Other than this, im not sure. Talk to a partner at a cpa firm. They might have advice. My best guess is they will help more with preservation of wealth than lowering your taxes in the CY.
[removed]
Yep. What I like to play is break above resistance on bearish divergence then sell off to backtest then enter when it rejects at the same resistance.
[deleted]
She’s calling him daddy musk in her head the entire time
[deleted]
Couldn't work a ticker in there somewhere? Weak.
Strong foundation, and business relationships and partnerships. Huge profit potential with a relatively small market cap compared to other names that are currently exploding in price I like the technicals and the picture that is being painted. Long consolidation with an explosion in share price after the partnership announcement with Amazon. It sold off a bit after earnings but I’m okay with that I used that as an oppurtunity to add with Lower prices I feel like it might retest 6 before making the bull run
I legit have 0$ in my bank account because I yolo’d on GME on Friday. Now I’m not sure how I’m gonna survive until next Friday LOL
mind blown
Dude it literally has a built in tendie chamber, YUM to $500 EOY
Me2
January knowing my luck lol
Buy yourself a helmet, retard.
RMG, ticker change is this week. Might blow up like QS
Yup
I'm already in that.  Yes.  It is excellent.  Don't take my post as negative on your DD.  I'm not judging it.  I'm just sick of the uneven playing field of the mods.  We need consistency.
what's moving gme Monday?
Is gme guy selling? He just spent probably like $20 k on Reddit awards, so he takin some profits?
no risk, no reward
solid DD, all in $PLTR on monday
You best get out within 81 years lol
We need a yachtrockbets sub
If this week could to well that would be great.
Please do my calls need to print more :)
Ban this cuck
My mom filled up her house with clothes in every room available. i'd address that soon.
Are you sure she doesn’t mean she helps set up the stalls at the weekly farmers market?
[deleted]
*not-a-flamethrower
Looks like WSB is full of them!

[https://www.investopedia.com/terms/s/shortinterestratio.asp](https://www.investopedia.com/terms/s/shortinterestratio.asp)

>Short interest is reported every two weeks and is usually as of the 15th and the last day of the month.
[deleted]
She’s an algo
[deleted]
That would be months ago. I didn't know options back in April
if u white, u ain't black
[deleted]
Why would bots sleep during the day and post at night
Great Kwanza, one of the best the kwanz-activities in years but you all know what I’m talking about
Immature af
Retarded & awarded.
How do you feel about this 2 yr trend from the start of 2019, I bought leap calls when it hit 214ish, after the bounce on the 211 that I randomly charted. 

https://imgur.com/a/FUOwzJD
Why? (Not a bear)
I could not agree more. Honestly I’m not happy about her being in legal trouble...I really feel bad for her. My only relief is that I’m not still tied to her because that shit would have dragged me down too...at best mentally and at worst legally right there with her.

The main thing I got out of the situation is to not ignore red flags. A little alcohol/drug issue or a weird flirty vibe with some dude are surprisingly easy issues to overlook in the moment but are usually clear warning signs of bigger issues in the future. 

Ultimately I’m thankful that she decided to end it because I probably wouldn’t have done it on my own, despite knowing for some time it was really in my best interest.
Buy shares at open ASAP. As many as you can.

In the meantime, read up on some stock options and shit...give it a couple weeks of reading here and there and DM me with questions and I’ll help you out.
M-VIS?
[deleted]
I’m in shares I’d love that lmao
if an autist falls down in the forest, does he make a sound?
Retards, neither one of you understands the data.

[https://www.investopedia.com/terms/s/shortinterestratio.asp](https://www.investopedia.com/terms/s/shortinterestratio.asp)

>Short interest is reported every two weeks and is usually as of the 15th and the last day of the month.
Monday
Buy low, sell high!
The DD behind creating this image is beautifully done.
Or they're Russian & Chinese bots
There are actually people that actively buy/do the opposite of what he recommends... and make money. That’s how bad he is.
[removed]
Call me stupid but I didn’t think they also thought options were exclusive to the US
Because their mom goes to sleep and they can do what ever they want in their basement
[removed]
[deleted]
[deleted]
He lets her buy clothes. She lets him gamble on the market
I think I might YOLO into this instead of GME. My friend had your conviction when he put all he had into NIO at $3.

I'm trusting you.
Pussy smells like fish, fish = reptile, reptile = lizard king

Sooo, pussy is the true Lizard King. Robert California was right all along. Sex governs everything

Reeeeeee 

bip bup tuuuuuuuu
Gme was under technology on Robinhood when I checked like over a month ago. Am too smooth brained to know if this has any relevance to this or if Robinhood is just retarded. Either way GME to the moon! rocket rocket rocket 100 shares and Jan 15 $13c
Ban
Markets closed on friday?
All in.
SR we are the power ball
sooo what you're saying is all in on NKLA?
Lgvw
Yeah problem is most aren't and its easy to lose track of spending.  I regularly look at my cards and go oh fuck I owe an extra 800 bucks than I thought.  Just kinda happens if you aren't careful.
wdym? lots of people saying it will continue mooning
Ban! Second time this week seeing this shit.
yeah man that's half the fun
Any idea when AMZN will report holiday sales?
Yo dude if I was a halfway hot chick I’d be the biggest fucking hoe. 

CEO of only fans
Hell yeah, I was wondering when my favorite gum would go public bois! All aboard this teeth whitening 🚀 to the fucking moon baby
ask her why she hates retail
Elon asserting dominance
This guy fucks
Yeah GME bros are idiots if they are still in
Where men of science go to do science not gay stuff.
Working during the day
[deleted]
[deleted]
Go to halal guys and eat outside w the rats
$GME   🚀 🚀 🚀
HOLD U PUSSY

DIAMOND HANDS
She's a bot?
Range Rover Velar 🥰
Aight, may the better retard lose less money


SPAC is 4 letter word and you spelled it wrong twice
This is the single biggest SPAC ever made. But I hear you on that policy. I tried to do a DD on a great mushroom company and they banned it. Luckily its about to hit the Nasdaq from OTC (I bought I last week cheap), so I will re-post the DD when they come to their senses.

Ticker:

M M E D

or 

M M E D F
What the fuck is a SPEC, that's what I think.
[BABA is a good company that will last 102 years.](https://finance.yahoo.com/news/announcement-alibaba-group-082400791.html)

&#x200B;

"If we say 100 it will sound like we're bullshitting"
Ban this fool
bitch this aint GameStop its GainStop power to the autists
Because a visionary just upped his stake to 13% of the entire company and there’s strong speculation that he’s planning on taking it over and turning it into a massive success like he did with his last company.
What’s the sun called? Lol
Ban
It's going to be underwhelming and restate a lot of what was in the investor presentation from Sept. Maybe they will have some more case studies from big names or government. A lot of insiders are probably hoping it'll bid up the price for when the lock up periods ends in Feb so they can sell high. Except retards on wallstreet already know the schtick, they will keep it in range, maybe even cause a little premarket panic to make all the nerds holding equity for the past 12 years sell.
[removed]
Golf, smoke meats, smoke weed, and see if your wife will let you sneak in the back door (before the smoked meat).
I'm racist for shaming racists?
Time to hit the bong
Best Christmas gift: TSLA Model X
Spotted the boomer
The Stand is like a movie and it’s Stephen King
This is the way
Seriously downvoted for shaming black supremacists?
LedgerX
I am balls deep in $PSTH there’s going to be an announcement soon and when that happens it’ll POP 🚀 🚀
Nah I’m using a sandpaper condom and no lube
You forgot irish.
I bought in on Nov 17th and sold on 23rd
I forget exactly but basically leveraged his way into millions of dollars in houses.  Something big happened and couldn't pay for some and that snowballed to losing them all and owing a shitload.
My date said that she works as a market maker. Any tips?
sold all my Vega 56s before it started mooning, missed out on a potential 100% gain per card, R.I.P.
link for deepfuckingvalue's youtube?
Trade mostly in my IRA no margin so I can’t get myself in trouble.
He should just do that. They’ll soon leave. Problem solved
[deleted]
Giving them all 2 inches
I appreciate you providing a source for your research. I read through it and I dont quite like the source, its very dated and the sources they cite in it include BP (British Petroluem) which would obviously be biased, especially in 2004. However, I won't provide any counter sources because I'm drunk and don't feel like it. I hope you had a happy holidays and have a happy new year.
So many here, especially at night. I don't know why they mostly come out at night.
How can you tell???? I assume it's like, 60%, but it's not like they identify themselves.
Yes, GME Gang knows more about GameStop’s fair market value than Gabe’s PM ever will.
There wouldn't be anyone left tho
Better go to a casino and prove your luck lmao
[deleted]
But it’s everywhere that this video is posted. Honestly WSB sometimes appears smarter than 90% of reddit.
commons
I did the holiday ride with her, and she goes "let me be your nutcracker". Best ride on my bike so far.
[deleted]
That’s the best kind of retard to be
Chris Sacca talking shit about WSBs lmaooo
Always have been
This is why WSB has too much power. I’m fully torqued to mortgage my house and sell a kidney to buy this fictional company.
GME is being spammed much more than PLTR
Black supremacists okay tho?
Got it thanks, yeh you should have done that but there will always be new plays
Fuck you. 🌈🐻lives mattter
Not having market open 24/7 is un-American
pleas fly again horses
Link to the data here:

[https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/GME/key-statistics](https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/GME/key-statistics)

And for all of you tards that say this is Dec 14/15:

[https://www.investopedia.com/terms/s/shortinterestratio.asp](https://www.investopedia.com/terms/s/shortinterestratio.asp)

>Short interest is reported every two weeks and is usually as of the 15th and the last day of the month.
[removed]
[deleted]
What? I thought we’re the retard bets community. Who are these imposters?
Wish I knew about it a year ago
[deleted]
The Expanse
sailing is waaaaay better. yacht rock, bitch
The market should open a day early when it closes for a holiday. Get the wallstreet fuckers back to work so I can lose money and not be bored
come on man, read the room and look what sub you're on. Anything better than -65% is a banner year for most of us
Uh yeah just three days straight 🤥
OTM FD calls when it was trading at 18. The guy who does the biggest gainer options of the day posted his thing and it showed the 22 strike options trading at 0.01 at open and 1.00 like 30 minutes later.
[deleted]
Please doooooont
is your wife my mom?
On another thought, I think sex is better
I mean thats 90% of people poor and dumb.  His system is great for people with no financial sense and being strict like he suggests got me out of debt.  Beyond that he's as boomer as they come no life style choice for your finances will be without risk or downsides.
The key thing for me was budgeting and figuring out where the money was going. I was spending $700/month on cigarettes, booze, and lunch. I pretty much cut those things out for 1 yr. Covid really helped with that. Lol

I actually tried to budget while using a credit card and it fucked me up. I generally just use it now when there are 5% cash back offers. I’m gonna try budgeting with it again, cuz it tracks/labels my purchases way better and it immediately pops up on the app.
JACKED TO THE TITS
I care! I want to make 1000% by 2022
So I can sell my 7 year old graphics card for a profit why is this hAppening to bit🪙
I hear you... I have just seen 20.5 BILLION in AMZN stock trades come through dark pool prints since 12/14. I *never* see AMZN dark pool trades.... I have searched back as far as my data allows (~6 months) and have not seen *any* up until this month. Also, the call options volume for this month is up 30% vs the previous couple of months. IDK... something is coming up.
100%. 😂
Is that the guy from Waiting?
[deleted]
>My wife should be in next episode of Netflix Hoarders.Wtf is wrong with girls? My wife literally filled all the room with clothes and shoes. Now instead of visit vegas places, she is busy shopping for more clothes.

We can tell who wears the pants.
This is the way
I mean.... This is WSB.

We aren't exactly known for being smart
12/31 4000c locked and loaded
pickles and ketchup are pretty much all you taste off a dollar menu burg
Never. Don’t want to be a 🌈🐻, I’m perma bull
Or maybe $Rope
You can turn it into usable currency?? And you can cash out on exchanges beside robinhood???
You’re the one that trusts the government, that’s retarded
Ban
Flair checks out
you can do that as an average guy as well
Ban
[deleted]
Fuck it man no judgment, saving all those Grindr pics is memory intensive to be sure
What’s his onlyfans account
Ban
As an ex Muslim wtf are these frogs thinking
Of course
I need help too. Market closes and I bet on sports. N  I thought I was bad at picking stocks LOL
What in the
we’re here to lose money tho
My wife should be in next episode of Netflix Hoarders.Wtf is wrong with girls? My wife literally filled all the room with clothes and shoes. Now instead of visit vegas places, she is busy shopping for more clothes.
I just saw some rats on the streets of NYC, they are outdoor dining

Calls on disney, puts on outdoor dining sanitization
"you don't have". fixed the fixed it for you
How many of these threads are you going to post?
Oh shit, the stand looks dope. Thanks G
About time, since otherwise it looks like a slow bleed down to 10 for it...
Lol well than fuck it go with your gut and get EDIT
Me to! Lets order some pocket pusssyy!!!
Do I look like a fucking search engine to you? 

Google it.
LIT - lithium battery production  
  
ICLN - clean energy
Holy fuck the more and more you look into Ryan Cohen you begin to realize GameStop bears are fucked.
🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈
Fish and meat are two separate sections in a restaurant menu
PLUG
Somebody gold this man 👆
I would claim gravity as asset too, over 9k
[removed]
👀
Why so bullish on them?
Bro you lost money today, why are you giving people advice?  Shut up!
weekend dow mooning
Oh man I love cheating at old maid.  Never gets old.
When it got warm out, covid cases dropped dramatically. Normal non covid cases ie heart attack stroke patients etc stayed home for fear of covid so hospitals were losing money. Now that it’s cold again, covid cases are soaring and now hospitals are getting filled up
That was way too soon of strikes.
I’ll remember your comment when I beat poverty
Good boys don't fap.
Oh.  Try the hotel thing.
Bro if you didn’t sell already we make bank monday holy shit
Smooth fast brainz
I own 10 LEAPS. I know Billy won’t let us down.
Better than my 267 12/32 calls :(
Just wait for Medicare for All to get hyped up in the next few months, biotech will fall into it's semi-annual drillfest and you can buy LEAPs for cheap. Few slow months but by next summer biotech should bounce back
Happy cake day bitch, hope your retarded calls print
Jerk off
Weekend do w blood green. Monday hulk cock on spy confirmed.
Owl gang represent! GME 🚀🚀🚀🚀
Bate
[deleted]
I know how it works and you're wrong. Selling a call is a short position. Go look it up.

And max profit on a short position is not your strike price, it's whatever credit you collect on the contract you sold which you hope expires worthless.

So you want the stock price to move *away* from your strike, *because you are short*. Options go up in price the closer they are to the stock price. So if like OP you sell an OTM $26 call with a stock trading at $20, and it goes up to $26, the call you sold gains in value more than what you sold it for and you end up underwater. That isn't to say you won't be profitable selling covered calls. But if you had waited and sold it ATM when the stock hit $26, you would make more than selling OTM, whether your shares are called away or not.

And you would know this if you had sold calls before and knew what you were talking about.
AMZN too slow for me. I wanna either lose it all or go big. Probably gonna lose it all.
become gay
Company-finance-research-john@youtube.com
gyneez
If you start your support trend line from the beginning of the 2019, it perfectly bounced off of 211.
This writer is just going long and dont want short sellers to spoil his ride. I doubt gme can maintain this run
No girls, fast food or wifi on Mars. Bearish
I wish I was a hot girl instead of an average guy. Id sell pictures of my butthole for FD money.
Do you know how much people are paying for gamer girl diarrhea toilet paper these days?
SSPK
[removed]
[deleted]
What should I do on this paid vacation?
[deleted]
Sleep while reading your phone and have it drop on your face
Rarely? You’re not living if you’re not kissing the brown starfish on the reg
This bot is ruining me.
My man's
This article blew chunks. And no, chunks is not the name of my dog.
https://www.nasdaq.com/articles/clouderas-business-model-transition-gives-investors-a-growth-stock-at-a-value-price-2020

https://www.marketwatch.com/story/cloudera-buys-back-intels-stake-11608759285

https://www.datanami.com/2020/12/08/cloudera-ceo-enterprise-data-cloud-vision-nearly-complete/

Tons of bullish news. Share buy back huge too
Okay I’ll hold with you inshallah
Shit dude. That brutal.  Was it your trading account that got you?
Mods makes most of their money behind the Wendy's 🏳️‍🌈🥵💦🥵💦
Pls tell me this is a joke
So the why are we shut down if hospitals apparently have plenty of room to take extra patients?
[deleted]
wanna play chess bro?

[https://lichess.org/hTTEk1iJ](https://lichess.org/hTTEk1iJ)
What was his position?
GOEV. Feb or May calls. There’s solid support at current price and there was an inside guy on here a while back that said this was the EV stock to get in on.
[removed]
They will both be very successful.
Only fans isn't worth enough forPSTH
Well I won't be doing that by being here
I respect this heavily. I took a L this week with BABA but I’ll see green again.
Yea I don’t really want to sell CC on my shares just in case as well
You are actually retarded congrats
What if I get another job and just let my current 1 expire, sort of like a call but expiring itm for once
You had me at this vid as a prospectus.
Ya Allah, did you mean to visit r/MuslimNoFap? In challah you will be victorious.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Just discovered r/MuslimNoFap. All I got to say is, what the fuck??
MY PP IS HARD AND MY BALLS ARE SMOKING.  
I NEED SOME PUSPUSS AND I AINT JOKING.
Big mad
This right here is what most people don’t understand about Elon!
He will not get elected though, he don’t have connections
Exactly. I totally understand where he’s coming from. lots of people are irresponsible with credit cards and buy shit they can’t afford. But what if you CAN afford it and are responsible? You get a shitload of bonus points and perks that ultimately saves you money. A credit card is a useful tool when used properly.


Edit: If your buying something you otherwise wouldn’t just because your swiping a card instead of cash you are definitely irresponsible and shouldn’t use a credit card.
That's the whole point of WSB jesus christ
Why are the mentions of some SPACs banned and this is not.  Nothing against it, but MODS, PLEASE BE CONSISTENT

Don't take this as a negative. I have no idea.
OR, you can "surprise" them with a nice nearby hotel next year.
The only reason why I sold my shares in PSTH was that people continuously kept saying Stripe. I knew it wouldn’t be stripe and I felt that when the announcement of the merger was finally made people would be disappointed because it wasn’t as big as they thought it would be. The obligatory merger announcement spike would never occur, making my investment a big stupid mess, much like my life.

Why, why god, did you have to put Stripe in your post? I would’ve been more persuaded to purchase had you not, because we both know it won’t happen and the more you build it up to be a possibility the more likely the market is to be disappointed come announcement time.
Get a bigger house?
Reddit gets rich off it
GME duh
Here

https://mobile.twitter.com/ParikPatelCFA/status/1341875818021203973
AMZN then lose your password for 10 years.
Fucking agreed
Nerd
[deleted]
Are mods getting rich af off WSB? I mean... if Kim Kardashian produced 1.35 billion page views that's worth 7 figures, easy.
And worth?
Posted 27 days ago and he said by end of week. It’s ok though, I can’t read either.
There's 5 dogs here lmao. 3 are mine
The difference is one side is educated and the other just invest in which ever ticker has the most rockets next to it
CNBC did a good video about hydrogen, it’s got a lot of potential 

https://youtu.be/aYBGSfzaa4c
My hospital is non profit. They pay zero taxes. They are a huge hospital group.
yeah i'll have to look into them. this falls into my area of work... have been involved in projects using databases like snowflake, etc.
[deleted]
You can take the principle out of your IRA anytime, but not the gains. Or maybe the gains too do to Covid?
peak privacy is being able to walk around your house naked without a care in the world

feels good man
That’s what I have baby
Gme Fd
# Guy sent a car to Mars and you did not buy a call for his stock 🤡
[deleted]
Fuck. Stripe but that too may work
Get more pets.  You won't be the house everyone wants to gather at.
Damn .. hang in there.
Why’s he sat so close
Is that you E F Hutton?
ARKs and Clean energy ETFs like TAN and FAN
I was thinking NKLA too fk it right?
Quit job, but don’t resign, don’t show up so they’re fire you. Then collect unemployment checks
yeah first season was nuts
congrats and fuck you
Mutual funds. Even worse because they charge fees.
95% of my pay checks are going into GME until 24.
what’s the plays for monday
I'm gonna say it, I'm gonna say it....I'm so glad the "You want to play chess?" guy was wiped out.
Salt it lol
I'm so single I sleep with my remote on a queen bed
its a wazi its a woozy, it doesn't exist... it's not on the elemental chart, it's not fucking real man
[deleted]
"You have left the r/retardbets community"

I've never felt so fucking bullish on my own self.

🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Yeah :(

It was cool while it lasted though.
That's why you salt after
That's great and all, but WHY ARE YOU YELLING AT ME
I guess you’re not wrong lol
[deleted]
I disagree, westworld season 1 was the best,  but the show’s continuation is still brilliant writing.

Not many shows can stimulate your imagination like westworld can.
😍😍😍😍🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🥵💦🥵💦💦🥰
Be original. Be GME.
[removed]
How good is a hedge that you can't turn into useable currency? Or are we acting like the tokens have a use now or that you can actually cash out on an exchange beside Robinhood?  Only idiots who have done zero research into Tether think these tokens are worth holding.
Your post has been removed because a single link is insufficient DD. Please review the following links before resubmitting.

Please note that abusing DD flair can lead to getting banned.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

[How to conduct DD](https://www.wallstreetoasis.com/forums/on-the-job-with-simple-as-my-research-process)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
[deleted]
Gay
Anyone starting their post with “it’s ya boi” is more than likely a retard.
The calls I bought at $211 would very much enjoy that
God damn I can't wait for the in laws to leave tomorrow. And not because I dislike them, I just hate having so many people in my house and little privacy
Andrew yang would be great for New York
PSTH is onlyfans
Whatd ya stick in there
I declare bankruptcy!
Boring comment
That’s what I’m trying to figure out. How the hell fo you do that? It’s still just a 6K deposit limit per year right?
Good point.. I also got in early with PLTR at $12 and of course once it reached peak during Thanksgiving it pulled back huge. But I’m holding for a long time. 

RMG, again I expect it to rocket next week. But don’t be surprised by pullbacks and sell offs. But just go long and you’ll be good. I’m holding all my May calls through Q1
[deleted]
Tesla has the biggest cap on the Mars exchange
Thats kind of where I think the money is, solving blindness and diseases sounds cool but I doubt it makes as much money as industrial applications.
Fun. Hes just going to get fun instead
Looks real enough to me.
Haha. That actually made me LOL.

Man, I knew this crowd was gunna be bearish af on the stock. I tried to convey its not without risk. I know some people who have done well in this climate will see the deal for what it is. I don't plan on owning Cineplex in 8 months or 8 years, its not thaaat valuable. There are way too many great blue chip stocks in Canada if I wanted to play the currency game. But this is just a very interesting stock to make money on in the upside market.
can u massage the prostate without shoving shit up your asshole like a gay bear?
[deleted]
[deleted]
I don't know what it is?
Lol
Fully convicted.
Your post has been removed because a single link is insufficient DD. Please review the following links before resubmitting.

Please note that abusing DD flair can lead to getting banned.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

[How to conduct DD](https://www.wallstreetoasis.com/forums/on-the-job-with-simple-as-my-research-process)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
The Stand, Mindhunters
Thanks. I’ll look into it

Trading options on coins sounds fun asf 😂

Just taking the retard gauge and cranking it to 42
What did he do again? Fuck up a bunch of rentals or something right?
Dynavax.
I was in either way this week, so now I just get a fire sale.  I went to college like 30 mins from MT
[deleted]
What the fuck
I’m not religious so no clue. But yeah fish popular during lent
We will be fine.  I’ve got more DD coming tomorrow night with more steel plays, logistics plays to tie in with our MT 🚀!  Too many nervous people around here.  Just like GNR sang “Patience”
The tower block scene in the Gentlemen is iconic, so funny.
[deleted]
PLTR down 20% in the Belter Exchange
Hes free. He overdosed on heroin like a year ago but medics got him back.
I'm glad that you liked my massage.
SPCE
Little dick street bets
I was laid off because of COVID in February. The company I worked at had mainly Chinese clients and they stopped coming, so they laid off half their staff including me.

A month later, right after the crash, my roommate said I should take advantage of the volatility and start trading. I’m awful at math and had no idea how it worked, but I set up a brokerage account and threw $25k at it. 

My very first trade was a purchase of 200 shares of UAL at $32. Over the next two weeks, the price dropped to $24. I panic-sold for a $1,500 loss. This is still the worst trade I have ever made.

Over the next six months I got involved with /r/pennystocks and fluctuated between being down $2k and being up $1k. Then last month I closed out all pennystock positions and started trading *only* blue chips and SPACs, and now I’m up $5k and growing. For the first time, I feel confident about the future.

Moral of the story: SPACs are god’s gift to the world
BIG GUY HERE U GONNA FUCK MY KEYBOARD. 🤣😘🍻
[removed]
Long GME
TastyTrade.

Edit
Also, Investopedia entry on options for the basics.

Also, if you are serious there’s a book Options as a Strategic Investment. It’s got everything. But it’s expensive and has too many words for most people on this sub...
Buy the bonds of the debt of cineplex if you believe in them, I mean they are a monopoly so the other points aren’t wrong
Try NKLA, it’s just like TSLA!
Is Cramer the crazy guy on mad money?
[removed]
its all a fugayzi....you know what a fu-gay-zi is?
Yeah basically stocks = 80% politics
Fucking HOF MOASS, and the WSB collective will be on those pages, one name to the next, starting with RK/DFV 🌝🐶🐕
I had to really think this post through and I’m still not sure
[deleted]
You gave yourself a Christmas Present? *hugs*
Atlanta GA resident - it’s looking like Warnock wins, Ossoff may pull off an upset. A lot of the early voters in the runoff are apparently newly registered (didn’t get to vote in November). Early voting breaking records just set in Nov. Looks like a repeat. Plus the way they count the early voters last means it’ll be a shitstorm if the GOP is ahead and then loses the lead. I am really not looking forward to full on violent protests. Seems inevitable itll devolve into violence and name calling etc
Derigi- something? I haven't yet but I know people who trade it everyday.
I'm pretty sure the Elon Musk memes about 'X' are just to pump United States Steel Corporation , since that is its ticker.
He’s just going to get slippery ass ice instead
Second disaster in a month, [here](https://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/hamilton/liquid-steel-spill-dofasco-1.5802846)
I think the dude was like wtf why? I have a fuck ton of stuff on my phone. Also plan to shoot 4K vids and what not so I need the space.
It’s still deductible as long as you can defend the position you took. Such as Trump and his hair cut. It’s part of his image and a known just by a drawing. Therefore it is attributable to his brands value to customers and boom you got yourself a defensive stance for your write off.
Haha. I have nothing else to say. I guess you just shouldn't buy the stock I guess, haha?

How was working there? Are they clean?
Cathie simp gang unite
Gme
[deleted]
Gme
[deleted]
You will fucking love the sopranos. And succession. Omg I’m so jealous. Haha
B1tc01n will reach $50 k in 3 months
Saturday horniness is here legs on my arms cmon.
“It’s kind of like gambling because it is pretty much gambling”
Goodbye horses, I'm flying over you

Goodbye horses, I'm flying over you

Goodbye horses, I'm flying over you

Goodbye horses, I'm flying, flying, flying over you
That quote from The Wolf of Wall Street about needing to jerk off is so so true.. I don't **need** to jerk off when I'm taking time off trading but when it is day in - day out.. jesus.
Pltr flyin again in Bangkok stonk
Where do you do that?
Yes, you can buy puts on that also. Smallest contract is for 1/100 th of a b1tc01n
Declaring bankruptcy is literally free money
He needs speech training come on musk
This needs to play before every movie that gets release out in theatres in 2021
That means everything to stick with the investment from what I just read hang tight
Did the SoftBank SPAC go live yet?
[deleted]
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [Kenny Rogers - The Gambler (](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7hx4gdlfamo) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7hx4gdlfamo)⠀►►⠀ 2:20 / 3:31 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
I mean think about it, the company is being run really well.
What was the play?
Boeing is opening at 250 tomorrow, sorry bears
TSLA up 10% in the martian pre-market
I would recommend NKLA
You are underestimating the demand for software!
This is the way
Hey Alexa play The Gambler by Kenny Rogers
- knowledge from a cineplex worker
2/5 15c's. Will be buying some more probably more out of the money like 18's
[deleted]
I got 3 platinums, why did I only receive 700 coins? I thought it’s 700 coins each. To be fair, got 3 months of Reddit premium but still
I want to start applying for new jobs but that mean I have to quit the green for new hire drug tests...  now my job seems a lot better than it did
This weekend is way too long
The abandoned it because of the debt and cineplex then started dealing out bonds to get rid of their debt
Hahahahahahahahahaha
You want to short Tesla? GL
I will bind your eyes with my kids
Dont buy when a stock already run up so much, buy on red days, dont mess with penny stocks too much, i learn that im emotional on options, and to trade smart, do your dd before buying, cuz i used to never do it, and i fucked up
It’s a good sub brother
Everything comes out golden for jack a lot
Gonna pour 🍉 CELH all over her naked body and 👅 it up. 🥵
good bot
take private @ 420 funding secured..
Opened a trading account And at one point was  going all in with my life savings. Hit a few good trades for 200k. Friend said I belonged here with the gambling degenerates. He was right.
OMG. Inchallah 🤣🤣🤣
Jfc that’s huge lmao! I’m old but I had a laptop with that hard drive size lmao
With u bby
[removed]
[deleted]
Assuming you’ve already seen lock stock and 2 smoking barrels
[deleted]
You don’t have to pull out if she’s already prego
lmao 💀💀
You most certainly can.
What sub?
GME absolutely flying on the South Sudanese exchange
[deleted]
Nobody tell him

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
It’s mooning
Ok, let’s pretend it’s not a LOC, do you reccomend
Tell me more about these food hookers...
I’ve got all this pent up semen in my balls that need to be unleashed come Monday morning
Easy, you always were retarded. It’s why your mum always said coat hangers tickle.
How many retirement accounts can you open? I have a ROTH IRA and thought if you had that you can't have any other ones.
[deleted]
.....but not alone.  Together strong.
F
Just buy $50k of TSLA or AAPL and put the rest down on the house.
That’s Chumlee on Pawnstars. Bought it outright for $2,400. He’s such a retard.
I mean how is it any different than what GME retards are doing or Sir Jacks a lot... ultimately it all catches up.
[deleted]
So does fastly etc., but that shit is crazy overvalued.

CLDR actually turning a profit and growing! Read up on them. I also know google has a huge stake in them.
No fees for the account itself. Online trades are commission free, options are 65 cents per contract.
Should've taken out a $23 million loan and bought BABA puts with that,  would've been a billionaire
Nkla pleas die again
Yessir🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
what the fuck am i reading
I can’t condone that kind of behavior. 

To each their own.
[removed]
[stop it, get some help](https://youtu.be/l60MnDJklnM)
Why not
🍆👌💦.  😁
Do it. Learn
What about buying a few different ones? Could even just copy all the largest holdings of ARKG if you wanted
Nobody tell him

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Sir, this is the unemployment line.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
This is a man of faith. Keep strong young man! 💪
Literally a yokel from Nebraska that just has depression era penny pinching habits applied to stocks
🤣🍻
Then can I tell you to go fuck yourself? 

In the nicest way possible of course lmao
Your the one saying that RIP my 12/31 $25 C
LOL
How long did you have those CRSR options for? You’re a god!
Which is highly possible. But, it’s what the market sees vs what’s actually happening. I’m bullish on BABA, but this will stall long term price appreciation.
how about breaking your back because you fall on the solid ice because someone melted all the snow and it is frozen again
Shheeeit I lose that every damn day baby
the streets are loyal at least
what is in 4 hours - oh nm unemployment
[deleted]
Dave Ramsey is one who got margin called. But he got margin called on his properties for being a literal dumb ass.
Let's be honest, this will be a definite buying opportunity. This may negatively impact the PERKs weeklys. That's it. (Paste Eating Rocket Kids)
[deleted]
BABA 240$ at open. @ me!!!!🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
I want 7 figures yesterday
Tony stark actually invented shit, elon is just a charlatan salesman, elon is more like pt barnum
[removed]
I’m in GME calls but my microPP tells me I’m not black 🤷‍♂️
> And when the banks adopt it as a means to conduct transactions, it could mean mad gains. 

Have any banks done this yet (without Ripple subsidizing them)?  There's no reason to believe that banks will adopt XRP imo.  All of the banks that have considered touching blockchains have considered doing so via internal, permissioned blockchains, and these plans have usually been dropped unceremoniously.  All the talk about mainstream adoption is just Ripple Labs trying to juice the price of XRP.
Thanks!
Sure there some paperwork. However you can write of expenses like your car, gas, taking clients out to lunch(some other dudes wife). Also when you royally fuck up they can’t sue for your house.
Reptiles evolved from fish but fish aren't reptiles.
[removed]
Just leave the nuts hanging
[deleted]
We not normal ppl tho bruh

And cash gang always a winner
I followed Dave to just get my head on straight. It opened my eyes. I’ve paid off everything, but only thing I refuse to do is close out my credit card. It has 20 yrs of history. I’d rather keep my credit score than have an indeterminate one.
[deleted]
Honestly, you aren't wrong
Wait... you can short bitchcoin?!
Dave Ramsey got fucked on his YOLO so bad he made a book about it. Fuck Dave he ain’t a bull he’s got paper hands.
XELON or XMUSK or X420
YOU WOULDN'T DOWNLOAD A CAR
I don’t fuck fat and ugly people, sorry
omg why is everyone horny here- pls chill omg
Apple's Fitness+ App is pretty cool.  Could give PTON some competition.
You can easily make that all back tomorrow. Don't be a bitch
U r so alpha! I can feel the radiance of your awesomeness through ur keyboard.
Is elon musk tony stark?
[removed]
NP@
Ah, jumped the gun on PLTR
If you ain’t in gme calls, you ain’t black
Ya Allah, did you mean to visit r/MuslimNoFap? In challah you will be victorious.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
It should be illegal for the stock market to be closed for 4 days in a row. That’s like going no fap for a year.
XR is still a great phone tbh. I went from X to 12 pro 256GB
To be fair, it is the first generation where that is optional and clearly it is on the way out.
Put her ass back on da streets!
35% man. The whole point is to not touch it. That’s why it’s taxed so highly
[deleted]
🤣
[deleted]
Fish is a living thing, definitely a meat
[removed]
Show link or ban....LOL
He was married to his piano. Makes booking gigs difficult, not many stages can accommodate a full grand piano now-a-days. But he was an artist, so that's the life he chose.
Why did you decide against Tuscan and unity?
Did a 3130/3140 put credit spread because I have no balls
 Would you fuck me? I'd fuck me. I'd fuck me hard. I'd fuck me so hard
[deleted]
Research and study charts. Try it out bud maybe you can see gains like these one day!
[deleted]
GameStop survived the 2020 pandemic. If that doesn’t make you go all, you dont love money.
Subway*
My Spurs and my Bulls are playing. I’ll see you guys at r sportsbook
💀💀💀
Watch MT Monday, it won’t have a significant impact
I almost did a play on FEYE last Monday that would've netted a 10 bagger and I still think about it
YOLO it into a mortgage like normal people

who TF buys a house in cash
I'm almost desperate enough to check the 🅱️eekend 🅱️ow. Metaphorically digging white specs out of the vacuum bag right now.
GME gang 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
😐
[deleted]
Just hired a girl today with a phat ass. My boyfriend gonna be so jealous
I am in medicine and needed something to take my mind off of covid this year. I took an effective 16pc paycut, had just bought a house, and was close to running out of money due to the paycut (I estimated I would bottom at $2500 in my account, which I did); obviously I wasn't thrilled about this. I started investing 10pc of my paychecks into a stonkfolio through June-October. My stonk account grew so fast that it's actually larger than my pathetic bank account, and I stopped putting in money into it back in October because the leverage scared me. I went up another 18pc in the last three days. - _-

I don't know what I'm doing. 

Frozen vegetables and
🍆 🐝

These are the way.
ICLN CALLS.  or sell puts
Mindhunters the series was so good. The book is just as good for my literate friends
This is the wrong kind of retarded
[deleted]
[removed]
How do you sort by top?
I'd be able to take a year off maybe but I'd take it!
Been trading it all the way up since the 60’s.  Wish I just bought and held it.  Think it still has a lot of room to run.  The fundamentals are nothing special but it is being valued like a fintech or other “tech” company.
u/savevideo
Calls. They receiving Chinese money
That’s a fair point. Still blows my mind that longs must disclose over 5% and 🌈🐻, like Melvin’s GME position, could have 50% of the shares out short and no one (on the record) know.
I agree! Don't yolo your life away...

Yolo your life to new heights!
army special ops foo!
Mostly dividend shit like T, MO, and KO since my regular account is already heavy on growth stocks.
[deleted]
I don't fuck with trashy thots in the first place,  nothing to cut loose.  Only betas get cheated on.
🍆😩💦

😢😢... 🍆💦💦
ALARM!
fish isn’t meat.
You can create a non profit easily. You don’t have to be successful and do great things, but as long as your end of year income statement doesn’t show any profit you are good. And you get great tax benefits too.
Puts on NKLA 🚛📉💥 let’s go!!!
🍻
He had a SEP and ROTH Ira and solo-401k which he put 200k into in 2 years, from googling the 401k you can put $57k in that per year and I think the same for the SEP another 57k so that would be 114k then in 2 years I guess 200k+, although I’m not American so I don’t really know anything about these accounts I just consider them types of savings accounts so I’m unsure, and it took him 2 years to get 200k into them I think 2015-2017
wsbgod made it to the front page of reddit and it changed my life. Say what you will about him but i will forever be thankful to him and everyone else on wsb.
Noooo steel stock prices aren’t going to properly reflect increasing steel price & demand until February
F
[removed]
Im currently about 97% GME and 3% PLTR. Why you ask? Diversity, thats why
[deleted]
Or just remove the app
Probably not since it takes several days for the cash to settle in your account and be available for withdrawal. By the time the cash actually settles, if you had bought anything it wouldn’t be available to withdraw anymore.
Liberace was gay? Thought he just couldn’t find the right woman.
[removed]
Playing the next week correction when Trump doesn't sign jack shit
[deleted]
Old news
Next week should be a bloodbath if they don’t get a stimulus bill signed 

I’m wondering how the market will react Monday

Edit: before you hate me the fed might just start sending out checks on their own I am told
[deleted]
Sell cocaine
DO SOME COCK PUSH-UPS
I would be able to retire immediately.
Looks good fam. Fuck the haters.
If you haven't watched "the boys" then you're really missing out.
Yeah. They're idiots, you got this dawg...
what are there fees?
That makes me feel so warm and fuzzy inside, I saw Cathie Selling ILMN and figured I'd  dump it too since PACB seemed to be all the rage in that sector, figured it could be the new ILMN? so just yeeted it into that.

Yeah I should do that and just rip my portfolio into the ARK etf's but I'm just addicted to the individual companies.
I can’t even get hard from this
[deleted]
fish is a type of reptile bro
HVM cut a bitch lose when they get caught doing sketchy shit. 🍻🍉
Fuckkkkkkk
You belong here.  Really.
https://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/kklxzg/zoom_shared_us_user_data_with_beijing/

Puts on Zoom
Why isn’t it Monday already!
[deleted]
Less legal implications 

More accountant work probably
Just get ARKG calls.
BABA calls
Noice 🍻
I'm a fan of basically anything Guy Ritchie. Man From UNCLE is great too. 

If I could erase my memory and watch Chernobyl again I would. It's short but fantastic.
I know the feeling 😢
Puts on your future and pull out game.
She must be religious bro
🤔... 🍆💦
bitte hilfe!
thank you
He is free
Same. This probably wont pump until early next year honestly.
[removed]
Ive known riot was undervalued for a while when it was at $7. I have some calls.
I think you can trust my taste 😉

Happy viewing
XR so still not the newest but it’s cool
Use the word Delta in a sentence that explains what Delta means. All kidding aside what is Delta mean I really don't know.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Thanks, I hope so but so far he's doing a fuckin shit job of it.

I'm fine now and medical debt is imaginary.
Liberace Gay.
My ex is stupid she said fish not a meat.  😂
Being Canadian makes this of some interest.   I’ve looked at it in the past (pre covid) but I’m not very bullish on theatres.

This stock slipped my mind tbh until I saw your write up and I totally agree that it is being punished pretty badly especially given the streaming. 

Not sure it will reach the $34 dollars even post lockdown but ya even if it reaches $15-20 could be a good play.  But chances are in this market it could fly to ridiculous heights just given the wild swings.

I 100% agree that this would be a meme stock if not Canadian but maybe it being a Canadian stock it becomes an even bigger joke than GME.
This is the way
Prolly be margin called
First season of Westworld ranks among the best. After that it rapidly descends into shit.
I cant stop thinking if I had put 100k on baba 230p I would have 23 million right now
yolo it. will it into your fucking bank account.
What’s that a rocket? Let’s gooo!
[deleted]
Yeah so different without the home button lol. Went to the XR so a decent upgrade but not the newest.
Have you tweeted this to Elon yet ? You might be hired, who knows.
lol a bit steep there
they are not baggy bro. 

Sucks to have a smol pp
Congratulations on your new iPhone 6s plus bro
[deleted]
that’s ancient...
Fuck if i know but it was hilarious and got me hooked. I honestly thought you retards were serious about some of this shit at first but after being here for a while, it makes sense
What can I yolo 100k in to turn it into 1 mill? I need a fkn house
I “follow” Dave’s advise. Found him Aug 22 2019. Was the typical living paycheck to paycheck person. His advise helped me realize what I was doing wrong. Paid off all debt, including house. 

One thing I was Dave-ish on was investing. I kept all my investments. I was feeling guilty about doing that and decided “if my car isn’t paid off by April 22, I’m gonna cash out my stocks”. Made a couple thousand on SPCE back in Feb and decided to pull out what I needed to pay the car off. Feb 19th was the day, turned out to be a pretty good day to pull it out. Lol. House was paid off with the remaining money being used to buy puts. Lol
Bought so way OTM lottos with a Jan 15 exp
Bruh...
This guy recommends investing in high fee mutual funds. No thanks.
happy holidays y’all (:

edit: ty for the award!!!
Solo 401k maxed out... can be quite a bit 

You also should have an LLC and be paying yourself a salary and the rest as dividends, if you do this fulltime and make over 125k or so

Pay yourself a small salary where you pay income tax and the rest as a dividend at a 15% tax
If you’re crazy enough to do this now one day you’re  gonna be playing with a million dollar account look back at this and laugh even more
Tie a rubber band around it to make it tighter, or use an iron on it first
snatch is amazing, i'll have to check out the gentlemen.

seen most on that list but forgot about chernobyl, kinda been on my to watch list
Selling puts on the same old tickers? Sounds like your expertise is in spotting losers, not winners. I’m out.
Damn I just went from 8 to 11 and feels good. Yours must feel so much better
Autistism is the good kind of retardation
I type how to become millionnaire overnight and WSB was top of the result.
dumbass
[deleted]
[deleted]
Yea I’m thinking of doing some calls on ICLN too. I’m balls deep in MSOs too cuz I’m hoping something like Cresco Labs will be $50 a share this time next year
Wanted to learn about investing, apparently missed all of the correct doors and walked into a casino. Saw a high quality mad max meme about SLV and was intrigued. Observed everyone treating each other like shit and burning cash and I knew I was home.
GME has Ryan Cohen's support. What else do you need to know?
Funny how the very mention of THA GME OG u/DeepFuckingValue always comes with fucking platinum awards and golden gilding... It's like he just comes in and blesses our assess for doing good work. Angels sing and babies cease to cry when DFV/RK is around..

MEANWHILE, crime rates spike, divorce rates increase, and the number of erectile dysfunctions are off the charts by the very presence of OP and his pathetic bear "DD".

GME 🐶🐕
There’s a reason I have more than most of the kids on here. I’m not a fucking retard. Best of luck with the burger king check kid
Perhaps it's for the best. I managed to catch wind of THCB at 10.50 after CIIC got going based on a post here, but it didn't really get memed for a while. It really does seem like once something hits NIO or PLTR levels of hype, it's due for a heavy pullback.

Again, appreciate the tip. You may hear from me if I do well with RMG on Monday, haha.
Where did you learn about MARA? Stocks under 1B are banned here, trying to diversify my autism news for fat plays
I’m not gay; i’m profit-curious
Airlines. Calls on delta
[deleted]
Why are condoms so baggy?
What did you get? iPhone 7?
I’m with you
Tell me more about these Hydrogen 'powercells' that use batteries... I'm new to this technology.
not the new season, might need to check it out.

definitely watch queens gambit, but i can see how not everyone would like it.
I mean you’re saying a sub with the tagline “if 4chan found a Bloomberg terminal” and asking everyone to be campy and nice to each other. If this thing was easy everyone would be doing it. Its kind of insulting to people who actually try and learn on their own seeing people asking to have their hand held.
If you’re not buying CRSR, PLTR, and GME on Monday, you’re allergic to money. 🚀🚀🚀
Would buy 🚀
that fucking lame ass fake crowd noise they use for this nfl game. stop it. it's stupid. nobody wants that shit
😡🍆💦
It is starting to get hype, google all the bullish news coming out from investment websites and Nasdaq. Some WSB attention now too. Seen a few threads and a few mentions in the daily threads.

Maybe if someone made CLDR memes and 🚀 emojis. Memes literally can move markets when call buying, especially OTM call buying, causes a gamma squeeze.

Retail has always been previously thought as insignificant in the way the market moves, but it is powerful.

This is why Tesla and palantir have behaved the way they have.

I legit think cloudera is just plain undervalued though. Regardless of memes or anything like that. And I do think institutional buyers are getting involved.
I’m not saying edit is done or anything I’m just saying they’ve both had crazy runs. I don’t really have a preference of the two but I’m balls deep in ARKG lol
R/thetagang
Was that before or after his mom was pegging you
I found it on my preferred search engine, pornhub. But they don’t have a lot of lost porn.
[deleted]
Son of a bitch, I'm in
Wait, that's  where my gf works!! I  mean,  what are the odds?  She looks...old. I prefer that. I'm so EXCITED! I  never win anything!
Finally upgraded from my iPhone 6s for Xmas. Feels good
Fds...the spray?
Son of a bitch, I'm in
That’s because he’s just as retarded as all of us, he got lucky on a few yolo plays and everyone sucks his dick
Some FD's do pay if you don't be too greedy.
Would be an interesting phone conversation.  Does RH even have a number to call?
[deleted]
Been a few red Monday’s in a row now 😬
Stripe is the next Tesla $PSTH
X is already a steel stock. So.
r/investing folks
So fucking good
huh.. checks all my boxes of interest in a cloud data warehouse. could be an interesting time to invest. but they have a ton of competition.
This dude became a millionaire selling the hope of making people millionaires, the American dream.
You'll forget all about the greeks come monday.
Op has really pretty hands. He could jerk me off.
Queens gambit, westworld, sopranos, breaking bad, better call Saul, succession, the wire all some of my fav shows
Peaky Blinders.
My screen protector for my phone suddenly shattered for no reason. Puts on the no name Chinese company that made it
Not enough emojis man. Where are your 🚀🚀🚀?
[deleted]
Respec 🏅
I’m about to buy 50k worth of shares on an LOC. Do you recommend?
Imagine dropping a quarter of a million dollars 😔

What was the bad play?
[deleted]
Ill have the octo-plasty
Swim and think
Ohio Teachers Pension Fund Bought GM, Alibaba And Sold Tesla, Apple in Q3

Yikes!
I found it while taking a shit a year ago and stumbling upon a post about some retard losing all his money betting on apple earnings
If you're a fan of Guy Ritchie movies, The Gentlemen was great.

I'll list a few shows and movies though:

* Chernobyl
* The Leftovers
* Watchmen (the series)
* Peaky Blinders
* Mindhunter
* The Sopranos (I know it's older but MAN is it good)

That was all shows but my brain is way too smooth right now.  Hope any of these help!
Yes, sales report. And expect other big news
What is this ticker
Sucks when you can’t eat because you spent your food money on FDS that don’t pay
[removed]
[deleted]
Nice yeah ICLN is big plug and enph.
[deleted]
It gets waaaay worse
[removed]
Finally got around to creating a reddit account in 2019, searched interest; found this place and fell in love in a totally (not gay) ram me with that strap-on while I choke on your bff's equally massive strap-on kind of way. They're girls so its ok.
Earnings? You mean sale report? Q4 earning wouldn’t be until around March right?
Millennial insurance, see their ads on Instagram and shit. Will likely be a good long term play with plenty of chop in the short term.
When your cells start getting software updates. Might happen in the year 2080
If thats true then why in 2020 do the largest gaming companies still include a disc drives in their consoles?
[deleted]
Yeah that’s true. EDIT has been an explosion whereas CRSP has been steadier. 

It may be I have a touch of the ‘tism but I feel EDIT’s run has just begun, like it’s just been discovered. Whereas CRSP has been known for a while so investors who want to invest have all had the chance to by now.

What’s your pick of the 2?
My wife's boyfriend Rick whispered something in her ear after a steamer one night then she started chanting "PLTR MOON" in her sleep.
Wilk EV and weed stonks react to inauguration like they did election i believe the retard is asking
The shits I have when I’m fasting are insane
Let’s push $24.
one word. GUH
Damn that's crazy, nice job beating that shit, may Allah grant you gains forever more
nvm
Yep capital income builder funds and disruptive tech funds. I leave it to the experts and just contribute, not trying to blow up my IRA
Sheriff Bagel
Orange crayon, blue crayon hurr hurr! Fuck you OP. Kiss my ass we’re going to moon lads 🌚 🚀
He wasn't confident.  Are you a retard?  He looks like he's going to barf from the moment he hits record.  He recorded this for OUR pleasure, not his own.
Mine is through fidelity. You can buy whatever you want.
Beautifully written, congratulations & thank you for being a member of the GME Gang.
If Buffet was really so smart he would have bought 143Billion GME shares at $1 instead of selling his airlines at the BOTTOM
BABA 🚀🚀🚀🚀
Was 75 in Houston today, had to turn the A/C up 😉
Same here dude. Never understood how it didn’t get any traction here. There’s barely any posts. And it’s one of the few SPAC EVs with options 

Sure. I’m not that interesting to follow, as still relatively new to stocktwits and mostly only been focused on RMG 

Slownnsteady (username)
[deleted]
Getting your salad tossed by the cryptkeeper sounds kinky as hell.
yeah same, preferably science fiction or drama please
I regret not buying back. It was kinda like game stop after it dropped massively after their ER. I was gonna buy some just cuz of how much it’s discussed here and now I wish I did lol lesson learned I hope
Esp for this thread.
If you find it hard to hold knowing there's going to be a price drop, do what I do and sell a call against your long call. It makes it easier to go through down periods, as while your long call loses value, your short call will offset it.

And if you leg into call spreads well enough, you can end up with free spreads. For example, I bought a $25 MP call, sat through a run up and sold a $40 call for $100 more than my $25 call cost. So at expiration I was guaranteed to make money. If the stock crashed, I'd make $100. Not much but whatever.

But if the spread expired ITM it would be worth $1500, plus the $100 I made.

You can't get this set-up when you buy and sell calls at the same time. But if your timing is good and you stagger them, you can end up with these really nice positions.
[deleted]
If you figure out how to put 200k in an ira in a year let me know
How BABA doing?
LMND 🍋 

Thoughts?
Boomer father was really big in stock trading and as far as I can tell, never made much money. I did some trading in biotech stocks in early 2010 and lost all my money and gave it a rest for a little while. 

Found WSB in 2015 I believe and enjoyed it compared to other investing forums. Hopped aboard the retarded biotech train again with INO. While this was going, I saw some posts about options which really tingled that gambling desire since stocks were flatlining back then. 

I've wildly swinged back and forth, but actually looking at it I'm up ~$50,000 as of now. I've easily lost $80k in FD SPX options.
I’m not a bear. I just gave the bear case.
💯
sword art online (anime). sorry if ur not into anime I just started and it’s good af (and a lil romantic)
Yes that is me. Happened night of the mike Tyson fine. Conceived on the Marine Corps birthday. Trying to make it best situation possible
weeklies are so cheap, if only it could gain some more hype
> I've been consistently trading every single morning and I'm down 65% YTD.

Fucking how? Options?
I’m 18 with nothing but a warm hole
Peshwari naan 😌.
I regret setting some circuit breakers on the mara and riot in my ira after they went up 30% in a day
This guy gives financial advise to people who think being 100k in debt is cool. It all goes to his head. He knows fuck all about the stock market just the S&P and 7% a year
I stopped reading their financial statements after I sold but one thing they did on their earnings was when they got a contract for say 10’years they would count all the $$ owed on that contract for that quarter alone when they may have just got one payment only. I think that’s part of why they were investigated but they beat the charges so yea. I bought into TAN PLUG ICLN BLINK and Canadian Solar for my green energy stocks
Please go research the effects lock up expo had on peleton. Jack shit, there was a dip but those who sold at expo definitely FOMO'd back in with their paper hands.
Tokyo compretry crosed foah thoirty day.
Don't forget they update their portfolios all the time. Dropping losers, adding new winners
T level
[deleted]
Tesla gains porn, Tesla loss porn
[removed]
Sep 2nd. Nevor forgettii
Same.  It actually hurts watching it continue to go up and up and up...

I know we aren’t supposed to get attached, but damn ...
Gay
You’re better off in finding a Spac that is $10 and holding till after merger. Thank me later.
My IRA is mostly etfs and stocks I can hold long term. I occassionally take profits and reinvest.
Plz God
Dave Ramsey is more retarded then us. I mean if your completely financially illiterate, then I guess he might help you but his whole “no debt, no credit card” advise Is stupid as fuck.  I bet he only buys ETFs
people have known that shit since march. its going up tmr mark my words
Green for sure
Again in English, please
Tattoo Chef, ARKG, ICLN
That’s fair. When it first hit $13ish it was “$20 EOW”. WSB has a short memory and people who are long tend to stay fairly quiet unless posting updates to their portfolio.
Yeah she’s cool and we get along
[deleted]
HILFE
Just buy puts. Claim you’re gay. Couldn’t possibly be your child. Problem solved
[deleted]
oh fuck bro, aren't you the guy that knocked up her friend with benefits. that story was emotional af
succession
[deleted]
Thank you, MeetKevin.
Thanks anal
Good for you putting in some effort anyway
Where did he say this
Its a dongle.
Not fucking joking I just had butter chicken and garlic naan delivered by doordash
Let’s do it! You got calls? I’ve got both shares and calls but will be buying more calls Monday I think. 20c 2/19/21
Stay away from volatility? Strangle that shit
$GS to $260 on Monday
What do I buy now I need just 50% a year. Plz help
Yes, maybe. It might prove to be good tech.
Blockbuster made a lot of money before netflix too...

Gamestop has some business model that cant compete. Like 60% of their revenue came from trade ins. With a huge switch to digital, that completely crushes most of their earnings. A deal with microsoft (the console that gets destrpyed by sony ever single generation) wont even come remotely close to making up that difference. 

Plus they arent the only company sellibg games, arent the only one willing to take trade ins and sell used copies, etc. Small brick and mortar stores are hurting. Gamestop is closing hundreds of stores nationwide.

So basically trade in revenue declines by huge amounts,  physical sales will keep declining, and theyve done little to balance that out

Sure, youll have your silly pumps for now, but long term they have no future.
Like holding stocks too long you need better pull out game
Gyna
Let’s see the extent of this investigation first. There’s time to get in.
You’re providing 0 DD here, other than your own smooth-brained thought process. Derrherr it’s going to be subway because I’m a fucking retard  and Guggenheim wants to give ackman hundreds of millions of dollars to land fucking subway
https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kkuady/tell_me_the_story_of_how_you_found_wsb/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf

Tell me the story of how you found WSB
TGInvesting on YouTube went in huge on this on Thursday
Those ECARS had a nice run.  Just saying.
[deleted]
Everyone that follows Dave Ramsey is poor, dumb, and stupid.  For real.
I read it...now you making me doubt what exactly it was about cause i have read so much minalmist stuff
All Gay filter activated
this guy is literally jealous of call option buyers. his advice is to invest in index funds.
Lmao, it's the thought that counts
Lets get this money brother. Best of luck!!
I want to get 1000 shares but don’t want to put in $12k rn and have it sit there. So I’m planning to get 10 contracts for around March or April and hope to accumulate 12k on the side by then. Good luck 👍
Crisper is up 300 percent in the last 6 months. Edit is up 200 percent in the last 20 days
Why
Kinda like me - sluggish, lazy, and hungover.
[removed]
You dont think there will be any change around demo day on the 26th? Because i strongly disagree, even if we include any stock splits
If you ain’t doubling down on BABA, you ain’t American.  💎🤚💎🤚💎🤚🚀🚀🚀🚀
If there is a bear case for spy, then it's a bear case for ARKG, but less severe.
I need this.
Your story is my favorite story. Rip
No idea, I’ve known about them since I was little, now they’re just dead
Now I want you to think about time. Just close your eyes and think, "how long is forever"? I'm saying this because believe it or not it's only been 5 months. In your lifetime and esp. in financial time that's a blink of an eye. Short fees are measured in years, not months, and financial cycles are, esp. in private industry, measured in decades, not years, so you might actually be dealing with short-interest that is older than you think from companies that know a lot more than you do with deals and bargains that you can't fathom. 

I do have to say this again: They do not pay what you do. They just don't. It's kind of like the Warren Buffet scenario where the financing and deals that they do you can't dream of. Imagine buying or shorting a stock at 10% what public would have to because you're saving the company or keeping the order flow afloat because there's no point to the outstanding. It's a different game.

That said buying the puts works; if you think about it, if the IIs have to sell that lowers the price because no one is buying it, it's just being returned, at net value. When short blocks close that definitely lowers the price and if your puts are there to catch you either break even or lose nothing. But they calculated all of this. 

It's hard to get your head around but they don't sweat like you do about these things.
green
4000 words because dollar is one word
[removed]
what about us cialis guys???
movie or tv show recommendations for netflix, amazon or hbomax. 

recently seen Queens Gambit & The Flight Attendant. highly recommend.
[deleted]
Decreasing revenue, increase cost
or an eagle snatches it right out of the air
No I did not
Lunch is for wimps
True. I had the same thoughts.
I want a dick outta my chin so I can eat her and fuck her at the same time
Babies are easy. They eat and sleep. It’s gets worse as they age tho. Good luck.
You son of a bitch, I’m in. But it all has to be cloud computing. 

How about you name it Archet - the remote village outside of Bree where men and hobbits lived together?
Fuck.  I honestly don’t see why it’s not over 200 next yr.  u?
[deleted]
YOU'RE NOT EVEN MY REAL DAD!
the 🦅Eagle has taken it really Aerial
Old fuck
Why?
LOL
how does the market generally react after 3 days off?
Might be too late for GME because on Monday it's probably going to the moon.
Power
Bold of you to assume that anyone on this sub even has a SO!
YOLO
I guarantee that's why this isn't working for you. In order for weeklies to work, the stock needs to have a violent move in your direction right after you buy them. Because the theta decay is massive. You could be losing 10% or more a day because the time frame is so short. And you have gamma risk in the last week as well, which causes huge price swings depending on how close ITM and OTM the contract is.

Basically the last week of a contract is the "settling period" where the contract price is going to be settled, either for the intrinsic value, or worthless. If a stock is trading for $50, and you have a $45 call, that call is going to slide towards its $5 intrinsic value. If you have a $55 call, it's going to quickly move towards being worth nothing as expiration is days away. That's why OTM weeklies are such a bad idea and it's stressful too.
Why
I have a sep ira and I just buy shares of the same shit that I buy calls on in my regular account. My ira does almost as good as my options account doing this lol
snek 🎷 and fart horn point to yes
RIOT too! Shit dong tho? come on bro show her some respect.
They call it a macerator when you use it for poop!
I really doubt the senate goes blue regardless of what Trump does. I know turnout has been high but I just don't see it happening. Democrats suck at special elections, and have for decades.
You made my night. 🚀
#wewantDougMasters
Huh?
Watching Knocked up to prepare for this kid I’m having. Fuck me I am so fucked
PLTR is fine but on a much longer term, with the dilution incoming it's not going to be doing anything phenomenal over the next couple of months.
Bro i sold at like 89 the next day some company announces like an investigation into their auditing practices, they drop into the 20s and I’m like I should buy back in and never do. 🤡
what would happen with existing tesla stock and call holders?
You should have stopped at 69,420 🤦‍♂️
Live? French Canadian African American Chinese autist.
FUCK YEAH!! 🚀🚀🚀🚀
Retire is not the right word. More like gain freedom so I can finally start living
What does that say? NKLA? I’m in.
It’s all ark now
to bear case for pretty much any ARK fund rn is you're investing in overvalued companies that need solid future growth to maintain their value/stock growth. you're relying on the fund to continue to pick solid winners and sell over valued companies.
Uh oh...  ZM going down on Monday!
Me seeing other people in wsb mention cloudera just makes me so wet. I will die on this hill, almost my whole portfolio now in CLDR and Tuscan raiders hahaha

🚀💦

https://reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/khv7nk/cldr_is_undervalued_tech_at_13share/

Trading 15 now btw. Posted at slightly under 13.
📄🙌🏼
What’s a good show to watch? Kinda feeling something with a dope soundtrack maybe an action show. I got all streaming devices.
The funny thing about both is that they require patience and waiting. Meanwhile, other stocks are doing what everyone is waiting for...mooning. Get off the sidelines and in the game!
Those 72 pennies make the numbers look bigger. Congrats
https://icrconference.com/2020/11/02/icr-announces-peyton-eli-manning-as-keynote-speakers-for-the-2021-icr-conference/

Pls take down the amendment to post. Are there any qualifications that you know of to present in the "technology" section?
Damn, didn't Vale just have a landslide close one of their bug mines or factories just last week too?
Give me guys who are poor, smart and hungry
Re-allocate some money back to Bigcoin, it's never too late
Not unless we get an actual rally first (which is likely to come next week or 2)
She’s ded bro so that’s kinky
Props to Hertz for the speed with which they tried to sell shares.

I don't know how they failed so badly. I always liked them and had no idea they were losing wheelbarrows full of money even before the pandemic.
Thoughts on post-election results mimicking inauguration results in the slightest?
[deleted]
do any of u retards have a roth ira and what do u own?
It’s pink now 🤑
See my gut-feeling matches yours and I think you have very valid points. But this [post](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/ki9u4a/pltr_technical_analysis_from_a_professional/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf) is what I can’t seem to shake
I just get in there real deep with a triple razor. I don't like having my shit encrusted on hairs in my booty hole.
Look at the 5y wtf.  How is it not the most meme meme stock here
None 

Well Only bitch ass quibbas taking my aunt Cathy out of power
Those Harvard MBA types don't add up to dogshit
It looks like you tried to divide by zero.
My experience is in research (University-based) bioinformatics enterprises so this is not something I am well versed in but I know Illumina is publicly traded while Oxford Nanopore is not.  Those are the two platforms I've got experience with.  As I said above I don't know specifically which companies are going to truly benefit and explode on the backs of these technologies and that is why I just hold ARKK as 25% of my ETFs.  I really hope at some point a new entity pops up with a solid business plan for growth that I feel comfortable investing in but at the moment Illumina certainly doesn't fit that bill.  I actually feel better about ARK funds on the basis of them selling Illumina because I do not think the platform creators are the ones that will see the bulk of the share explosion from these technologies.
To my knowledge Crispr Intellia* and Editas are the ones with the patents. Invitae is innovating on the sequencing using PACB machines.
Already transferd some money to my broker. Gotta be ready for coming week. Still not the total 15k yet, might wait for that until I hear what they say in January. It still is scary for a newbie
Just don’t hold until too close to expiration
Haha lmao. Just ride it down when it happens. No use timing it
[removed]
I just let your mom do it



With her tongue
Not bearing just info,  let's hope the boomers and uninformed feel the same.
Just turn your phone settings to colour blind. Haven't a red day in years
Moist Maker!
Bless you. It’s such a great play when you realize they’re turning profit vs unprofitable c3.ai and fastly and shit and see the difference in prices/valuations. 

People want the new shiny thing, but a CLDR turnaround was under the radar but is now gaining attention from big money. As well as some people on WSB. It’s still below 2017 ipo!!!
Borrow your current balance from your girlfriends side dick and double your positions in both.
*yolos even yolier*
[deleted]
[deleted]
What is the lesson tell me so I don't make same mistake thanks
All in square 

And the pltr 

Who the fuck wanna retire at 65 

Gtfo 

I rather fucken yolo and bankruptcy and wait 7 years to do it again !!!!
I had enphase at 40 and sold at 89 what a duck
He opened his GME position at peak-meme wdym? I would prefer less chatter too but when there’s positive catalysts on a ticker people talk
I love you. Let’s snuggle.
The old wafflestomp
[deleted]
Moon pre market then crash down before the end of the day.
That’s a good Q. Not something I have a good answer for, unfortunately.
I CLEAN MY ASS WHEN AND HOW I WANT TO
Amzn
You came out a much better version of yourself due to your ex girlfriend.

I think we should be thankful that they came into our lives, in order to become catalysts for us to change into something better.

No bitterness, no hate.  
In retrospect, every single time a relationship ended I came out stronger at the end.
Monday is red for green ??
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/beguapo the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Is tsla mooning Monday already assumed?
CRSP or EDIT for medium/long dated calls? 

I feel CRSP has had too much of a run already recently
Wie sind da so die Kosten? Muss man sein Konto per Ueberweisung aus Deutschland aufladen?
thats what I call liquidity
Lol. One of 26 of their furnaces, nobody was injured, furnace wont be permanently damaged. This sort of news will not significantly affect the stock
Life isn’t what you do for work. Make your career secondary to what brings you joy.
Bchcoin almost at 27k good lord!! MARA TO THE MOON HOP ON FIRST THING MONDAY
Charger not included or batteries or motors. Just 3 easy payments of 95,649.99$ ez
No youre gey
🍌
It’s starting to hit “PLTR 40 BY EOW” levels of meme-y. I’m sold on GME DD but it’s starting to get meme-y around here
No im actually eating a lobster roll
Fuck yes I have missed Indian  lunch buffets this year
Two more weeks below 30 I'd say
Good to hear! Figured I would let people know.  The market makes things drop over .1% missed earnings, so regardless, it's not going to help them tomorrow.
I dont shave my ass but I do use a clipper. Its safer and as someone already mentioned you feel way cleaner after taking a shit
He's more than likely talking about a SEP IRA which has the 56k limit.
I assume there is some reference in the to a book he's selling, but I'm not reading all that shit.
How the fuck is OverpricedBagel not a mod yet
37 years please
I mean I do t trust it in all, I go off of limited trading experience, crippling gambling addiction, and parachuting molly for inspiration
Thank you everyone I have obsessed about learning how to trade and I already understand Greeks and how to read candles and What the placement means but I feel like the news is so hard to come by. I missed Greenwich. Quantum. Wnw. I just get frustrated. I feel like paying $1200 for leaps is such a long shot. I was thinking airlines. What makes GameStop special? And what sources do you guys use for DD. And to discover tickers that may be a good run?
What is delta?
[removed]
Been in CRSP for a while and can confirm. I’m +180% in 9 months. There was a fairly large up move 2 weeks ago so I think there’s some to give still.
[deleted]
Have a feeling SPCE is going to cuck me this week.
Dude. Stay away from that sub. A window you don’t want to look into
Fuck
Literally nobody
Interestingly, when zoom in I can read it ok. It’s Russian btw
Agreed! You could say that about the whole market though...
I thought the Irish are potatoes and us Germans are krauts?
[deleted]
r/lifehacks
I go deep in your ass and u jerk your cock to it
Pay a girl to step on it
[removed]
In it. I’ll keep accumulating on dips. Options were just made available as well but I don’t see the point in buying on such high premium now.
Have no fear, GME Gang is here.
Wow that's cheap! Let me consider that! 😍
Measure the  🍉   not by the  🍉  but by the  🍉  of the  🍉  from the  🍉  in the  🍉
More in general. For example, JP Morgan is hosting its 39th annual healthcare conference in January, but there isn’t a schedule available for it.
Yeah looking at VXX fd calls
I'm mad at $MT. I lost money recently on 12/24 calls
Nair
 Wake up, will ya pal? If you're not inside, you're outside, Ok? And I'm not talking a $400,000 a year working Wall Street stiff flying first class and being comfortable, I'm talking about liquid. Rich enough to have your own jet. Rich enough not to waste time. Fifty, a hundred million dollars buddy. A player, or nothing.
Lol. Such lvm talk
Nooooo 😵😵😵
If they go public then they have to pay for the drive though girls abortion.
Call it Mithrandir
My source was wrong in that case, link the original PR?
Hostile takeover is successful and all ark funds go south.

Also any sort of change in market sentiment away from speculation. Most companies in Ark portfolios are losing money, in the hopes they one day will change the world / be massively profitable.

(I’m not an ARK bear btw)
If you wire me a $5000 trust deposit I will get it for you
GME breaks 25 by Thursday 🚀 🌙
Companies don’t make any money. -PE’s .  Overvalued etc.
If you're not trying to retire in 2021 then gtfo
[removed]
😵😵😵😵
GMEGANG LETS GET IT.
[deleted]
yes sir
Had those 2 also
Avoid the fissures
[deleted]
37 day ban
Thank you for the confirmation bias. Will be buying more Monday
He won’t learn until it’s too late. Sees himself as a stonk wiz vs. luck and a rising tide. We’ll see him on loss porn sooner than later. In 3...2...
bulls eating butter chicken with garlic naan

bears eating pickles with ketchup
Spit beer on the table. Thanks for the lolz you fucking water head. 🚀🚀🚀🚀🌑
It’s never been quiet about GME since like September. It’s just NIO, TSLA and recently PLTR were louder.
Sorry that’s New Years Day I’m busy
Imagine buying alt coins during 🅱️itcoin Szn 🤡. Yep that 🤡 is me
For GME? Or more generally?
[removed]
Think you would need 200
It's like blockbuster for video games
I did the same shit brother, love to see it
I was watching a gangbang prono, but the girl never showed up. Watched the whole thing
[removed]
The GUH heard around the world.
Stock is close for 3 days, so ppl just yolo corn...
You are correct feb
Any bears playing the inevitable January correction?
What’s the bear case for ARKG
Don't pay. Our government doesn't deserve it.
I’m buying some shares to help!... not as much as I could with all shares but that’s why I posted here instead of r/stocks.
January 1st is my birthday u fuckers. Don't forget to buy my gift.  I want Range Rover Velar. Thank you in advance.
Nio 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Make it monday already holy fuck, got the week off so I'm extra sick of this "weekend" and "no trading" bullshit
Mirror.

Also a smaller mirror you can squat over.

Or just go get yourself waxed.
BABA for sure

Jack Ma is the king of LVM's
Bro, I was lurking. The single Christmas dinners are sad af. 😿
Well, remember, for all rights and purposes, that just as you can double-down on a stock and eventually turn a profit you can also double-down on a short and these shorts, even though they are worth more than most of us will earn in a lifetime, are maybe 1~2% of AUM for the companies so it isn't as if they are anywhere near as vested as you are in the situation so it turns out they were wrong then ... that's it! Still, because they have the ability to double-down they can and likely will gladly turn it over as the demanding of those shares drops the prices and they likely have puts to catch the movement.

These are not dumb people.
[deleted]
Saves a ton on toilet paper
[deleted]
Right now drinking "Once Stood Next to a Crate full of Watermelons"
[removed]
How op could title this "dope etf's" and not include MSOS is a traveshamockery. Thank you for fixing it!
I’m all in.
In musk you thrust
[deleted]
No but I m guessing it’s about how possessions owns you and you become a slave to appearances and perception by wasteful accumulating excess crap
merry GUHmas
Your mom
[removed]
[deleted]
wait... were did the other 40k come from? your wifes boyfriend?
I'm loading up on more GME Monday and also selling some shit to get more GME
15th could be a report run up
Look into index and sector Etf. Do your own research. Set it and forget it. Budget. Frugal. Minimalist. 50 30 20. 30 day rule. Live below your means. Have a emergency savings. Then if you have extra cash because you looked up the random words and used it to be proactive then you can blow it on whatever is trending on this sub.
Best performing stock of 2021: ENPH and 🍉
It's not a bad trade especially given the volatility. And I also want GME to hit $26 - $27, though sometime within the next couple weeks. I've got longer dated calls but I really think if this thing is gonna pop it's gonna be soon. The pressure on shorts has to be pretty unbearable by now and they'll need to unwind soon.

I can't wait for Monday.
Earnings on jan 14. You should have gone with 30C
Hope so, huge part of $spak. The etf of scams
[deleted]
Anyone else keep forgetting the market isn’t open tomorrow?
Everyone I know is on cold streaks, data getting to good
Just a minor incident, nothing really damaged noone died, it won’t change anything!
MT to the 🌕🚀🚀🚀🚀
Thank god I sold my calls
Gotta live mixed language sentences
Bowl games and NFL playoffs on the horizon. NBA just firing back up.

MEET ME AT WENDYS WERE DOING TENDIES
You have a dad?
It is i the bear going back to wait.....
Nah, terrible DD, BABA isn’t dropping below 200, like ever.
[deleted]
Shares are the only way. Bid/ask spread is wider than my wife after her boyfriend is done with her
I kick the markets ass and make it my bitch
I don’t, but I’ve done it. You mean your asshole? I put a little mirror on the shower floor, squatted, and shaved it like a beard. What’s there to know?
When the shorts expire you throw them away, like bad chicken.
My mom steals toilet cleaning supplies from her work as a janitor at Wendy’s so it all works, full brown circle of life
GME shares, ICLN calls
Very carefully
PLTR you better not let me down baby
>3-6 months 

I buy calls that expire in a  week. Maybe that's why I am not making much. Also there's a lot of panic when  it gets closer to the expiration date.
Flawed and retarded analysis based on pure TA and ignoring the political and legislative environment BABA now finds itself in.  200 isn't an entry point, it's an intersection on the route to $50.  BABA is fuct and the news on it for the next few months is going to depend on how well Jack can fellate Xi and the party bosses.

Treat it like it's a radioactive honey badger.  I don't even understand why it still has value except lots of people in denial or ignorance of just how much danger it's in.  Which doesn't even **begin** to address the potential fuck you investors could get from the Trump administration if they unilaterally de-list all these Chinese stonks.

But **just** you.  Not his closest friends who will know the day before you do.
DM YD better way to play it
My post wasn't getting approved when I posted the title without the disclaimer, were really getting this retarded I guess
Bakblade lol
I suspect a run up, I just hope people don't hold this time
👀👏🏻
This is the way.
 🍉  🍉  🍉  🍉  🍉  🍉  🍉  🍉  🍉  🍉  🍉  🍉  🍉  🍉  🍉  🍉  🍉  🍉  🍉  🍉  🍉  🍉  🍉  🍉  🍉  🍉
How much did you lose?
"Like if water could try to imagine what rasberry taste like, and then forget"
God dammit—  it’s AAPL
It took all of your brain cells to come up with that, huh?
What’s that?
They are executing Burry’s game plan. They will use the direct offering when shorts try to cover in panic. Shorts are still all in... this has not even started yet. I’ll sell only when short interest is below 50%
[removed]
DKNG to moon next week? Bullish answers only
There will always be tendies to be found
[deleted]
This is a good question. First, the nature of the thesis is such; without Cohen the console cycle historically has been great for GME revenue. Even without Cohen GME changed management and began more aggressive and integrated programming such as opening their own gaming center in a stadium in Texas and getting into eSports. Their e-commerce footprint is increasing and prior they were closing stores reducing the liabilities of them and cleaning up their books.

They are going to be profitable. It was priced in the moment we knew that consoles were releasing this year; if you want evidence of that the past few months have actually *resisted* going up, the trenches and falls were pretty severe time and time again with 20 only being hit in December, which is one month before the release of meaningful numbers and confirmation of individual expectations. 

You didn't even need the short-squeeze etc. The profits themselves and the expectation of the reinvestment of those profits combined with immense FCF is a great reason to have a high price. The problem is that even though it reaches those heights businesses rarely deliver and with time the price will fall as people sell to secure profits and GME fails to be a 20 year 200 bagger.
There’s 12 opportunities every year, you’ll find one
This ride has been amazing. Been in since August and holding the line for the GME gang. 
625 Shares @$7.61 
22 Call 15$ / 20$ 1/15 - 4/16 - 1/21/22 

Edit: thanks OP for my first award.. 
🚀🚀🚀
Tryna not be dehydrated
Gme stocks so Melvin gets fucked
I do leaps so I can scream later instead
He's probably some uncircumcised europe dog
Got an idea for a company. Gonna make yoga pants and EVs and also be a bank but not a boomer bank but like a cool digital one. Also gonna do some vague computer software stuff. Gonna name ourselves after some obscure middle earth reference. 

As starter and CEO I will post dank memez and ahegao girls on twitter and have some iconic style thatll seperate me from other ceos. Like Ill get a rockabilly haircut while other ceos are just old bald guys.
They had another blast furnace explosion a while back that they fixed within a few weeks, doubt this moves the stock price
I wonder what FDS thinks of men who use viagra
It will go deep into your ass 🥵💦💦💦
If you guys can read, and see the continued momentum, cloudera CLDR = 🚀🚀🚀

https://www.nasdaq.com/articles/clouderas-business-model-transition-gives-investors-a-growth-stock-at-a-value-price-2020
[removed]
Let me help
...why?
Ok so this is more than you asked for but I can't drink buble.  The reason is, I drank a bunch of it while I was getting chemo, and specifically while I was getting the chemo for my stem cell transplant a couple years ago.  I was puking constantly.  Thinking of or seeing a bottle of buble gives me a psychosomatic response, I instantly feel nauseous.
He is just a 🌈🦄🐻. To the moon my brother🚀🚀🚀💦🌈🦄🐻
Wow!  Thanks for saying this wasn’t real, thought this was from their 10q
good luck, shits going to 🚀and your market order is never getting filled.
No, you’re still retarded enough to spell “learned” as “learnt”.
What the fuck is Gamestop
How mad do you have to be to downvote comments on a weekend
Look at this LVM.
who shaves his ass here? How do you even go about doing it, it seems impossible
Shitty shitty bang bang indeed
Bagholder energy
GameStop has 1 outstanding debt they can afford to pay off tomorrow. How is this company going bankrupt exactly?
Are u snuggling drugs in intergalactic prison again, boris the animal?
[deleted]
Great Channel
I don’t know that people are gonna be willing to buy a bunch of dongles just to be able to use a car...
🤢 I only eat pussy and rarely female asshoes
Girls?
Four more hours and all those bennies disappear. Thanos snap
What’s hvm y’all look stupid using new lingo you learn
Proudly upvoted
The penalty was waived for covid, afaik.
I’m up over 900% this year and my cock still isn’t hard
S T I C GANG
I talk about Cineworld extensively. It always amazes me to see comments that specific and that wrong. If you read the DD you become more knowledgeable, try it, it works.

They left the deal not because of the company's debt. They were happy to takeover the company. They abandoned the deal (potentially illegally, its being litigated) because they are also a movie theatre company, covid hit, the industry (including Cineworld) got nailed, and the deal become less attractive and lucrative. Its just business, not fantasy facts.

Merry Christmas.
[removed]
[deleted]
We all in 🦑 5c next week?
I keep thinking it’s Sunday 🙃 that’s totally okay I’m only gonna lose money when the market opens anyway
I wish I had more to dump into this.  I'll take my sweet little sum though!
The hipster investor. I sold AAPL before it got big
Bro my double stack was cold and my fries cheese unmelted on pub fries. Not to mention the diehreah
[deleted]
It's only a stegosaurus if it drops back down to 0% return (bonus points if red)
Roughly four eight balls and 10 Japanese sensual messages
Does PLTR break 30 next week?  Early run up in anticipation of the demo day?
The gangbangs where the girl shows up late is pretty good.
Wow i have never read these words before. Such original. Such funny
Got azn calls, mara calls and mara/riot shares. Monday can’t come soon enough
Gimme gold too please
Yes
My cock is 5 inches 

Can u swallow it ?
GME gang is way more fun. Palantards don’t even know what Palantir does. I totally know what GameStop does. They sell gameboys, gaming chairs and Pokeman.
[removed]
son of a birch
What if I have Jan 2022 300C? :-|
As long as big pp Daddy Cohen is in, I’m in
Is this legit?? I’d consider it honestly
Just scream really loud and it'll mask the poopi sound
Lol why is that depressing
Kan niet heb geen geld
Still europoor
🍉👁🍉
[deleted]
Said like a true cuck. Jesus.
7
Wait wtf is tax?
I should pick up Mara and riot fds Monday morning shouldnt I
Just got out of the shower for that very reason. The shit was so disgusting there was no way I would've gotten clean enough to be comfortable by wiping. I feel rejuvenated
You’re wrong. The max profit occurs at the strike of the short call.
[deleted]
Infinity and beyonddddd
bold prediction retard
That's just because there aren't any thin people in america
Which site lets you trade stocks in a HSA? Most have a set of funds you select from.
SJAL said in his recent post he goes the other direction when shit gets meme-y like this. I agree... I liked GME a lot more when it was quiet around here
What did you start with and what percentage gain every year. Also how old are you(only asking to set a bar for myself)( and what job do you have? Asking because I am looking for a future job) thanks
[deleted]
That is pretty depressing to be honest
Research backdoor Roth conversion (more).
This vid is on worldstar from the perspective of a women next to him!
Im sorry if I come off as dick but on earnings they sold 100mil in stock. They dont need more cash with 1 outstanding debt that they can pay off tomorrow if they wanted. Thanks dude the long game with this company is the way to go
There’s a third regulatory investigation coming in the next few weeks
Gain porn = autistic 
Loss porn = retarded
I for one go for singles. Dave Winfield.
It's not naggers
How much will square go up due to shittycockcoin
Cute bear, too bad it’s going to starve to death
for the exceptionally slow ones among us... whats the deal with unfi?
Anyone else interested in IPOF? Chamath really seems like an awesome investor who doesn’t give boomer advice
That will be the mvp award
🤷🏽‍♂️ Dont like it? go shit between two parked cars
Apple just makes things pretty and have good design. Their technology is not as good as FB or Google in AI.
PLTR will fly high 🌙🚀🔥
[deleted]
We ride to the promised land. RK/DFV has shown us the power of true conviction.
[removed]
Dabbled back in 2018 and left up about $300 on $1000. Small fry i know! Started trading weed options right around the election results and got a cool 5 bagger. Slowly bleeding money since  after a couple dumbass iron condors 😂😂😂
[deleted]
Why do you think so soon?
I was just thinking it may be too difficult unless they can find a way to incorporate a bot. Just a thought though.
How do you place a fat order like that? Does it take forever to get filled?
[removed]
Selling a call is a short position as is buying a put. It's a double short, so yes, it's very bearish.
Ya this doesn’t surprise me and now videos are hitting Reddit telling us what an idiot Ma is. Gee I wonder what’s going on.
[removed]
I liked GME before it got super meme-y... that new GME post just hit “PLTR $40 by EOW” levels of meme-tardation... is it time to abandon ship and inverse WSB?
Big if true.
Someone get the B.Ack symbol ready. Na na na na na na na na na na na.... B.Ackman!
It’s minor issue.  But yes, it will be grounded again for its structural frame issue.  Documented but not fixed.  Heavy short
Doubtful we go back to that. Floor is around $16
39 with $57
[deleted]
Until the bubble pops! Also we should ban gme
Short supply in the mountains fam.
FUCK, IT'S STILL SATURDAY? 😭
Companies doing half BB revenue with 30 times the market cap
[deleted]
This is DD at the highest lvl
Based and Red Pilled.
Haha...did you read goodbye things?
lmao you're just so mad.
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=5LGEiIL1__s
No but I did kick her out early.  She was supposed to be here till Sunday night.. told her she needed to leave Saturday late morning.
Agree. Active management outperformance on an open ended fund is unheard of. The fund flows push them to make subpar decisions. There is a reason Jim Simmons kicked everyone from Medallion fund so he can keep tendies for himself
If I can do 50k next year I’ll stop eating ramen
🦦
Every week
Hahaha 🤣
Get the one with the built in drool cup
HSA is much less common and adds risk (IMO) outside of Retirement and YOLO accounts in that you are forced to carry a high deductable for health plans.  Aside from that, yes absolutely HSA is just like IRA when its gambling time.
exactly my thoughts ... and man .. that Shaquille O’Neal guy - he seems to be present in a series of pump and dumps (looking at you GNUS)
This is starting to hit PLTR levels of meme-y
Uh oh...
May have one sir 🥺
yes
most chromosomes
Welcome to Wendy's... Will it be the kids meal... wait, nope... tendies  today
[removed]
Wrinkled brain
[deleted]
👍🏼
Thoughts on VIPS
What an idiot! Everyone knows that just my miles.
.....why you dating women who live with their parents?
U are fucked
Bubly is better, used to mainline LA Croix's but I'm officially a convert now and also not a gay Frenchman
Lithium Americas. It’s ready to run
[deleted]
His quarter mil to lose I hope.
[removed]
U LVM.  Real alphas would have there cock in her throat so she would not be able to talk or say anything
[removed]
AMZN
can always get viagra bra
Looks like your heart stop bitting
This picture is only worth one word: Guh
Its mooning.  I'd be shocked if it isn't in the low 30s by Wednesday.
*SEND EM TO THE RANCH!*
Sounds like a lot of work for mods and based off how things are going for them rn I don’t know if they could pull something like that off.
GROUND CONTROL TO MAJOR TOM 🚀 🚀 🌙
It's an airline.
Y’all ever heard of orbcomm?
Boys what do you think abt pltr, nio gonna do on monday ? Are we going to the moon ? 🚀 🚀
250 or 200

Either way, stay away
[deleted]
235
Once the meme power fades, only one will still be in full swing.  Power play is to take shares in GME and LEAPs in PLTR.
if you do, at least buy calls AND shares to help the short squeeze.
🥳🥳🥳😈😈🔥🔥
Where you at boy
Flat
Because women hang out at the finish line and fuck the winners.
🍉
😭😭🥺🥺🥺😏😏😏😜😜
I dont know how, but the idea of buying weeklies on LAZR just popped into my mind, and now I really want to do it. What are the odds it jumps to 40?
Nah
RIOT and MARA
[deleted]
Lol did you tell her that?
Hm
Only retards may upvote this comment
I stopped eating taquitos from 7/11 after November but might have to resort to ramen after December
It’s Saturday
205 unironically
I believe someone said something similar to me a few months ago about Purple or whatever that mattress company was.
BHC
No, I mean I really don't know.  I think its supposed to be 3 days after Q4 earnings report.  I just haven't heard exactly when that is.
Autist = good. Sees things others don’t and leverages them for tendies.

Retard = bad. Works at Wendy’s.
Feel like that’s more hygienic than wiping in general. I’ll sell some puts to you
Same, just missed
What I learned is to be the gent that sold his puts
May we fly to the land of prosperity and tendies.
[deleted]
Some ceo smokes weed on air. Lol. This shits great.
STIC is something that really needs to be sit out of at this point.  There are better opportunities out there.  By the time you asked, it was already too late.
[removed]
[deleted]
Almost any SPAC
Girl came over a few weeks ago.. she made some remarks about how I have my apartment set up.. Bitch..  
  
  
**You live with your parents**
------
Autistic is good here. Rain man would have printed cash had his abilities been focused in the right direction.

I understand what you mean though.
big soft cock or hard small cock
[deleted]
Some people are expecting mini short squeeze this week...$25 EOW
A couple years from now youll be like "man, I wish I bought into BB when it was 7 or $8"

Like all you need to do is look at them as a software company. Cybersecurity and vehicle data platforms and doing 200 mil a quarter before ever announcing a partnership with AWS? If their company was named SnowFrogz or Arda or Glamdring or some shit their shares would be $125 right now.
🤡🤣🤡
Its very hard to predict the timeline to a return to those levels. There are a lot of factors at play that are just hard to predict. The company is certainly undervalued at present though. And the rise in online stuff and its being well-positioned is a good thing. The fact it will only increase its Canadian standing is also a good thing. There is also some uncertainty as to whether the cineworld pullout is actually legal, in my understanding. 

Someone commented that it was to do with the company's longstanding debt. That's untrue, it was to do with a pandemic that made such a purpose by another movie company (suffering similarly) obviously less favorable or attractive.

For price target, I think the pandemic fair value, if you can call it that, given the company's standing and streaming advantages as well the whole esports thing, at somewhere in the mid teens. Like I said it was trading at $15-16 for the vast majority of the spring and summer.

I think in Q1 you'll see the stock climb to $15 range. Pumps will happen with any virus/vaccine/stimulus-related news. The stock has actually been a great baraometer of the general indexes during the covid situation (but exaggerated, which makes it a money making opportunity).

I've rode the wave several times and was just surprised that when I searched it on WSB there has been next to nothign said about it. If it was based in USA, it would be fully meme stock vibes. Its a better company than GME, for example, lol.
Based and Red Pilled.
Holy shit I just went to FDS and at first I didn’t get why y’all were clowning on them so bad. Just seemed like “girl power” stuff which is fine by me. 

But...

There was a post about a guy telling his friend about how you can kinda tell what a girl will look like in the future by looking at her mom. And the comments just kinda jump into calling him and his friend pedophiles for liking girls who are younger (20s). 

Whatever you guys are doing just make sure it isn’t associated with WSB, cuz I can’t have this sanctuary banned!
Tesla delivery numbers in two weeks and earnings in a month? Definitely going balls deep on Tesla calls because it’s the right thing to do. In musk we trust.
That’s your dog that you secretly have intercourse with
[removed]
BABA open predictions?
When you are gambling in a casino, proper bankroll management states if the money on the table represents 10% of your entire bankroll, you need to cash out.

Of course, most degens don't.

So, you do you.
I thought it was in mid February?
don't worry it'll be gone by easter 2020
They keep running out of shares to borrow, so they are spending millions on puts, and you cant keep shorts forever unless you just want to throw cash down the drain because at some point it becomes more expensive and then apparent that the shorts arent going to pay out when the ticker keeps going up boyo
If that happens. Holy fuck!! I'll buy you a cheeseburger
bears with their diamond hands
Because they wait to see who does well and get a free call option on 50% of the winnings
Til infinity
Bro he has a 7 yo. Wtf 😂
New investor since 2 months. Thnx to you, I spent 6k on shares. Really thinking about adding more, got 15k left but still a bit scared though
It took me 2-3 months to recover my taste/smell to >90%.

Some other people have told me they've recovered 2-4 weeks.
Day/swinging 10-30%

Long term hold 50+% depending on what's going on/my sentiment

CC/CSP 75-90% unless it starts really going against me and I'm above 50%

Spreads 30-60%

Not a set of rules that I follow, just what I've noticed my smooth brain decides to do most of the time.
[deleted]
how?
It literally can
No you autistic retards.  David Lee is wrong.  When the government broke up Rockerfella’s Standard Oil the sum of the companies became more valuable than the whole.  Elon wants to make $tsla holders wealthy?  [edit: and want access to more capital?] Create more smaller companies.   

People buy cheap stocks and thereby push the total portfolio valuation up.  It helps cnbs retards know how to compare apples to apples.  

Make FSD a company.  Then they can compare to $nflx or $crm with 50x multiple.   Or some SaaS like google.  

Make solar and battery a company.  They can compare that to the energy or dirty oil company with combined market cap $6.7T

You still have $tsla car will hold strong at $2T

You have SpaceX for travel.  Fuck all the bankrupt unprofitable airlines.  Plus we can go to space or around the moon for $250k/person!

Starlink will eat all the Comcast, $att, $vz, $t market cap.

Tesla robotic unit with variable variable gigapress factory.  We have [edit: the ability to] make aircraft carriers and fighters planes from the same machine.

[edit: This can easily push Elon’s total portfolio to $20T and the man himself to a multi trillion and president of Mars before his 80th Birthday. ]
>Who got a PS5 for Christmas.

I sold 6 of them before Christmas.

Then 1 on Christmas day for $1000
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/Snoo2550 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I don’t need this negativity smh - mods ban ASAP.
MARA premarket stocks the move Monday?
You only make it into the stratosphere with 3 rockets. 6 rockets gets you to be a moon man.
Most of it probably evaporated, a second sweep would probably evaporate whatever's left
How dare you
I think i will. I believe there will be more entry points into PLTR at some stage but one chance at a possible GME squeeze
The other also has mega Chad Cohen recently investing enough tendies to feed Africa.
what do you mean by converted?
Japan shutdown?
 https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/257552283850653696?s=20
More whiskey
[deleted]
I’d take on the huge responsibility just to delete this post
If I can do 10 mil this year I’ll buy 11 000 acres of ranch land/forest
[deleted]
Because they’re smarter than us
gym + protein powder + creatine. will do wonders to your life.
Same reason they don’t succeed killing themsleves as much. They don’t have the fucking balls to do it
Requires money
That dumb bitch doesn't even have an upper lip. She's fucking weird as fuck looking. Money can't fix that.
[deleted]
I like rockets
I cant tell you cause its a SPAK
Sorry replied to the wrong comment. Meant for the $15 at open on Monday. Been playing WKHS for months with spreads. Love what you got in for tho.
Oh some of you will get rich and lose it all and celebrate losing it all. I would bet against your long-term wealth to be honest.
You’re welcome 🤝
DMX still in prison or is he a free man?
My cock can loosen that colon bruh 

No homo
[deleted]
Possibly, but there are much, much higher percentage plays out there.  ...and Frankly, NIO is a straight loser to begin with.
Options are really for institutions to hedge. When buying the call or put, they effectively pay a small amount of "insurance" in case the price of the asset swings wildly in a way they don't like. So institutions use them to decrease risk, and this forum uses them generally in the riskiest way possible - buy insurance (a call or put) on something unlikely, and if it happens then you get a big influx of cash, but most likely you just lose your insurance premium.

Writing (or selling) covered calls, where you own the shares and are willing to part with them for a certain price and make a little cash on them in the mean time, is the only really responsible way to play with options. It's fairly "boomer" though in that money trickles in. It also does limit your upside, so if the stock skyrockets, the other guy makes a lot of cash and you're forced to sell at the price you agreed to.

Point is, stick with stocks, haha. The companies generate wealth, which should be a net positive for you in the long run. Options are zero sum, so no net wealth is generated, only transferred from one person (or investment firm) to another. Used in the way they're used on this forum, it's purely gambling. No one knows what stock prices will be in the future, but they will roll the dice on it and lose money (the "insurance premium") on average over time.
[deleted]
I decided to listen to this TA crayon drawing shill about 5 months ago. He recommended D G L Y and MARA. Guess which I went with?

Sorry for spaces it’s a banned ticker for some reason lol
Holy shiiiiet,

DAD!!!!!!!
Looks like it worked though
What evidence do you have that Eli and Peyton weren't part of the original schedule? The press release from Nov. says they're the keynote speakers
La coix? What u fancy now huh 

U big money bags now
Shitcarn going to break 30k before Monday at this rate
Pick up a bidet and have that feeling after every shit. You’ll never go back.
Why don’t women trade stocks as much as men?
Really? I thought it was the hanging out on r/wsb that made me a loser! Thanks for letting me know
What’s stopping GME from direct offering to take advantage of the high stock price?

You’re PRAYING they don’t. Not worth it imo, but again, hope you get rich!
I judge people if they take a shit in my house. I dont want someone else’s asscheeks on my toilet seat 😐
[deleted]
[deleted]
This has to be one of the gayest things I’ve ever seen, and I’ve seen some pretty gay shit
[deleted]
Don't ever fuck with that ticker you will get roasted
This could be me, I was 50/50 in GME and PLTR a week ago, now 100% in GME. Just do it before it‘s too late man
porn is porn
if you quiet poop them chunks of shit is gonna fall like a brick and then it will splash the poop water on your nuts
Haha nice try
Making money is addicting. That’s why.
Higher than now.
“Cock is best when it’s vainy” - L2FMM
I’m going to buy everything you have listed here but I’m only going to buy $10 worth of your 10 percentages, $3-5 worth of your 3-5% etc etc. I believe in you.
I watched some video by nexpo last night about the website kidschat and went on myself and Jesus Christ. The website hasn’t changed one bit and just putting my username as a girls name I had so many pms hitting on me. That website needs to be shut down
My dear Veruca, we are the music makers and we are the dreamers of the dreams...
Always. Cathie is never flat or down
This is an anal expansion sub thank you
Think or swim
It's because you have a legit addiction now.
Your doctor said you will be fine, stop being dramatic
Dude, we are already on the 2nd lap of this Rainbow Road.  Best you can hope for is to not get in 8th place.
🥺🥺🥺

Hello kid 

Papa is bac

Now show me your bully it’s time I show him who the alpha is around here 🔥🔥🔥😈
You really crying about losing chimpu? SMH
[removed]
Remy Lacroix
Nah you really don't. Wish I hadn't visited the sub, confirmed woman autists
[removed]
Fucking excellent news, I will proceed to spend whatever of my funds isn't in PLTR and SPACs into GME. I don't understand what a short squeeze is and any of the DD, but this market is so retarded, it will probably make me even more money. Thanks fellow retard and 💎🙌🏻
Putting a dilator in my asshole
Proof or ban
Dad????!?! Is that really you??????
Youre worried about % gained but who cares.   If you get to sell at 150 who cares if your gain was  700 or 900%.  Point is you made 130-134$/share.
You should be fine since they have earnings mid February
[removed]
“Strawberry but Low Battery” flavor?
Dude you have $800? Give that shit back to your step dad in $20 increments
That winky face just screams loser
More like rotation from shitkoin to other shitkoins
[deleted]
[deleted]
Pltr amd ba t
This reads like a hopelessly out of touch institution trying to fit in.
This makes me very hard. I've never pleasured myself to a stock but I think that changes very soon.
So that’s what a spread means. thank you for the knowledge
Don't listen to this sub more
What about this: https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2020/12/23/2150306/0/en/SHAREHOLDER-ALERT-Rigrodsky-Long-P-A-Announces-Investigation-of-Northern-Star-Acquisition-Corp-Merger.html

3.6 employee rating on glassdoor. 3.2 on indeed.

Timing for the aquisition is currently slated for Q2. What news are you hoping for prior to, to catapult this?

----

Edit: revenue for fiscal year ending March 2021 is expected to be $365 million, the initial offering valued the company at 1.6 billion at $10/share. Currently trading at $18.50. $22.20/share isn't unreasonable at a 10x multiple. It's the uncertainty of SPAC's and timing that presents the biggest risk here, to my mind.

Nothing wunderkind about the C-suite with this group.
Stimulus check has nothing to do with foreign aid. This argument can be used every year and for every foreign policy spending program.
I’m in on these leaps I think you’ll be fine. Noticing the price action it does take a while to stabilize because of the spread but nothing of concern imo.
FIST ON CHEST NO FEAR !!!

#TIELAND 

#LADYBOIS 

#DIVIDENTS
take a shit directly in the shower then stomp it down the drain. cut the middleman.
[deleted]
Like what?
Can you tell that I sharted while typing these words?
[deleted]
I became a 🌈🐻 asking what a 🌈🐻 was.

Consider this a Christmas present...

Delete this post right now.
Today, the market doesn’t care about fundamentals because people want to buy what they want to buy - regardless of what the fundamentals say. Yes - the fundamentals are still there. Yes - they still “work”.  There’s so much more to it than P/E. To your point, the numbers are not enough to focus on.  Recognizing a good business model goes a long way.  

I’m convinced that the COVID restrictions have disrupted cash flows - such that people are jamming their money into the market because there are not a lot of places to spend it.  A lot of new investor/dumb money have become self-proclaimed “traders” for lack of anything else to do. They don’t look at the fundamentals because RH doesn’t offer a good look at fundamentals. 

The party ends when the world opens back up and people start needing their money again.

1000x PE is not the new normal. 60x P/B is not the new normal. It’s excessive and will make for a spectacular crash. 

Until then - keep buying and find ways to lock up your gains.
If you’re deciding on when to take profits you’re thinking about it wrong. You have to choose the right time to get out. I always try to sell when it’s still streaking up, or based on time. Even if I lose money, I’m willing to close my positions if the price/time of the stock or option doesn’t align with where I think it’s going to go.
Por que no los dos?
Barbecue pulled pork sandwich with coleslaw on top + some spicy jalapeño Mac n cheese + coke to drink

From a new-to-me barbecue restaurant
american retards write 1/15
Do you know how many time shorts have betted against GameStop? And got burned? It dumped nearly 25% 3 weeks ago rugged already got pulled its straight to the moon from here
[deleted]
Our GME king is handing out a fuckton of awards to anybody who ever said nice things about him, or his alt.  What a fucking legend.
I appreciate the positive feedback it took a long time to make but hopefully it was worth it for you retards
“Sir, this is a Casino.”
*mouth open*

No wonder the algos troll wsb and inverse our positions
you took crazy risks and won, congrats but it could have ended with a loss porn never forget.
[deleted]
That shit will print
Fair enough. It’s all gonna come down to COVID mutations and how Biden handles it. But mms are planning for something around that time IMO.
I used to love 3-day weekends and hate Mondays, ever since I started trading Im the opposite

Shit's legit scary, who TF looks forward to a fucking Monday...
B&, but that two cents is more tendies than most here have seen.
Started in july, and was profitable almost instantly, did some good buys in CRSR and U, though would have made more had I held longer and bought more. Still am 20% up from the money I put in though.

(Yes I’m a r investing boomer, read this sub for advice on what (not) to do)
lol
Oh, good.  I was afraid that EVs wouldn't crash enough.  I really hope it runs Windows.
gay
Just took a massive shit. Fuck wiping, gonna hot in the shower and hose my ass down.

Puts on my personal hygiene
Say thank you. They did u a solid
Will someone please volunteer for filling in for that mod that left.
God dammit I am so bored. I NEED TO GRIND. I NEED STONKS.
Wow man I have a similar story i had 15k invested into $tsla at 42$ presplit. And 5k in nio at 1.74$. Notes these were my first ever trades and tried day trading so I sold all my shares to re buy at a lower price but the price never came down I made total of 1k in tsla which would have been 200k tbh I had never seen that kind of money in my life. Sold nio at 2k profit which was a 40% or something profit.
Boy my son's have more money than this prick. This loser doesn't know his audience
Like their own little version of TESLA day.

They publicly announce new business and technical results, and future outlook. People expect NIO to announce upgraded batteries, new sedans and a bunch of other shit. So for that reason I was thinking about the hype build-up of the SP.
Good Lord MARA is gonna rip on Monday if shit dong holds it's price
I’m not a mod
My dumbass has some riot calls and bitchcorn is ripping titties
Why would you want someone who can't drink?
Interesting point, what type of companies are doing that bioinformatics stuff that are legit and not Aerotyne International? 

Yeah thats fair it has enabled a lot of other innovations and is still churning out new ones.
/u/savevideo
Not chick fil a since it’s Sunday.
At another person's house and their bathroom has 0 soundproofing
Damn she's hot
It's Saturday, retard
3500+ would be 👌
Not Chick-fil-A or stocks
Santa rally will start Monday. We are going to Valhalla. 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
[deleted]
Im up on GME and THCB, down on NIO
It doesn't throw flames far enough and therefore it is legal in California.
Ban 4 life
We’re all addicts.
Margin calls
It will trade sideways until institutions get their shares purchased and they are tired of writing OTM covered calls to you retards.
What’s it called
Get the fuck out
diet anything taste disgusting and ironically not even healthy
[deleted]
I could google it, but it’s not really relevant to me. In my instance CPA stands for Couldn’t Pass  it Again,
Everything is tax deductible until the IRS asks questions about it.
Blood green by open. Not because anything is red rn,  but I need people to buy my 12/31s
GME feels like it could pop any day now... Maybe
[deleted]
Just ate some hot wings that sucked so much that I thought I had covid. Hardly any taste, had me worried.

But I grabbed a Lacroix and I can taste the barely flavored water so I think I'm okay.
[deleted]
[deleted]
What calls for mara and riot?
Taxation is theft. Just make those tendies and withdraw it slowly so the tax man gets less of your tendie money.
They can’t hear the poop if you scream
Regarding taxes, is there any type of account that allows you to defer taxes but also allows you to withdraw before the age of 60 without paying a penalty?
It’s going to hit 40 https://youtu.be/qadrxB3RLoY
What is nio day
Lay off the eggnog
3,420 call for obvious reasons
in baba we trust
Dude what
PLTR on its next red day
I’m 24 with a spark plug and one sneaker


..... and 100 contracts on GME
36% if they hit 500k. SQ is growing faster with half the P/S ratio
Your obese anyway just drink it
It was funny the first time
XL cuz PT is $60 lmao
A picture is worth two words: you're retarded
Quietly pooping is so hard
We should hold Wsb awards once a year. Biggest loss, biggest gain, most retarded yolo, bull/bear of the year etc etc
[deleted]
400% less? Revenues are absolutely down but less than 30% as I recall from the earnings call earlier this month, with same store Q3 revenues increasing from the previous Q3.

If revenue wasn't dropping, they wouldn't be able to find the sustainable footing to turn a profit. Even unprofitable stores generate revenues.
Pulled pork?
Why did they sell ILMN?
Best stocks under 25 bucks??
$15 million? Woah
puts on you drinking diet soda
[deleted]
[deleted]
Yes but it’s fucking Chinese so not until they decide to manipulate their markets again. Same with API
Can I dm you some questions for n retirement accounts? I’ve found conflicting answers online
I think I'd agree with you. Ideally I'd want to squeeze until around $60 range, then dump and buy calls after a dip.

At the same time every time another stock meme's up I get FOMO hahah. My personal attachment to NIO is a bit different than most though because I've been holding a very long time.
You need to YOLO on GNUS and thank me when our 100’ yachts are docked next to each other next summer. Get in now....my Magic 8 Ball says it will be a meme stock in a couple of months.
I have no muscles okay my arms are tiny so a small shirt makes my arms look bigger than they are
Just wait until 1 day before they’re due. Simple. Lmao
XL, MVIS, MGNI, GME, PLTR 

Which one and why?
[removed]
“Those who cannot remember the past are doomed to repeat it”
Only put in what you won't paper hand.

It won't work if you can't hold.
Fingers crossed big pharma employer doesn't see that I am using a jailbroken fire stick on their projector in the big boss conference room. Surround sound, watching this new wonder woman getting paid to have a finger up my butt. Production should end at 2 am, literally nothing until then. I have been here since 4pm. Best time to do DD but I don't feel like doing shit but also equally bored as fuck and want to do something

Merry Christmas. Who got a ps5 for xmas? I put 500 down on LV getting their butt kicked by Tua. I do not know if I should use Ahmed or Gaskin for DK though, tough pick, gonna be the difference makers
Shit post
Merry Christmas retards
That’s all we do here now
Baby Pockets
5 or 500 imo
I’m the only asian in a sea of white senior management, not even good at math lol
McDonalds gave me regular coke instead of diet. Puts
You only help the squeeze by buying shares
jesus christ. ban
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DHzjgNoRmjg](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DHzjgNoRmjg)
First good play I've seen on here
So what are you guys buying tomorrow?
Thoughts on an earlier exp?
[removed]
💀
Women are very smart. Without women nobody would have invented cookies.
How will we be able to file a tax return in early January if we don’t know the status of whether the deferral of Social Security tax will be forgiven or not? I mean, I suppose we could just do it and amend later, but that’s kind of redundant.
[deleted]
Big ban
F
FDS, a publicly traded financial software company. fitting
Riot and Mara are going to uranus probably on monday
[deleted]
That's more like It
Stonks always go up...
https://m.imgur.com/gallery/SFaWrTq
Sup🍻
Ban for retardation
I, being extremely autistic, bought 500 shares at $1.70 in 2018. Still holding it. Feels weird to watch the green line go up instead of watching my options decay to zero.
They’re gonna print. Sleep easy.
Haven’t had barbecued pork in a long time

Damn that shit tasted good 👌🏾
It only hurts you and facilitates bad habits.
😂
[deleted]
Apparently employers tend to hire people that look like themselves. $BABA must be flooded with square-faced employees
If it ends the week at $37.99 I'd be happy so my covered calls I sold at 38, 39 and 40 expire worthless
I personally think nio is about to take off on a run.
Bears have pussies too...
Whenever WSB gets very excited about something, it always goes wrong. 

I hope you all get rich off GME, but the rug pull is coming. It always does!
[deleted]
the downvoters are females from another board......or, possibly trump. yeah, probably trump, sources say

\-cnn
TBH I think it limits bad behavior. The first time I got to 50k basically lost a bunch in day trades.

Second time I thought I learned my lesson. I didn’t lost more and day trading.

Third times the charm right? I can day trade again but don’t.
Anyone know a website were I can view calendar schedules for investor conferences? Most banks don't release calendars to the general public. Thanks
[removed]
Pesto
“It’s mam! Say sir one more time and I’ll meet you out side and show you sir!”
https://www.reddit.com/user/GreenFuturesMatter/comments/kktm3t/2011_raspberry_kush_white_flake/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf

Here’s what I was scoping up for $300 An ounce. Shit was so stable you could hold it in your hand for a hour and it would still be dry. I still have yet to this day seen oil like it in any store or on the street. That’s big ass flaked weighed like 0.1 no more the 0.125 grams. People were obsessed with it. Grams would look huge as fuck. I just sold them in little jello cups. The powder was my favorite. Run a lighter over a glass dabber and you could get it to just stick and cool right down instantly back to dry form.
PFE 42c 03/19/21

First vaccines arriving across Europe today.

Huge ass float, but they have the spotlight as they lead the way to end this pandemic. 

Fuckin’ epic.
always buy high sell low
Can’t prove you wrong when you’re right. These people don’t look to the opposite sex as human. It’s sad.
They won't hold them forever.
Please 🙏 Father Elon do this.
Quick question...can you sell the  weekly covered call and put if you just have 100 shares?
PAVE

BOTZ

FAN
FDS started it though right?
Have to say - I like AC. A dude who can come up with a joke like ordering takeout at Medievel Times is alright with me 🤣
Yea I’d have a bad feeling too if I had puts
Buy shares tho
Well. Now I have more questions but I don’t think I care about the answers
Pesto
How about just “Nikola retard” :)
Retaaaaaaaard
[removed]
Flatter than a crackhead’s titties
Try reading the BDSMpersonals
I’m becoming a minimalist, need to get all that excess fat out of my life
I don't wanna wait that long.
You are a homosex at heart. It should be no question at this point
Steam sales hit right in the feels
But if you’re willing to flaunt that you have insane confidence which might still work
The female dating strategy subreddit is so funny lmao. Literally female incels
That’s the way
Welcome to the GME Gang!
Usually is after 3 day breaks
Is gme actually debt free? Thought they only paid off short term debt. Im long not some gay bear but
I once visited my ex wife’s grandparents and they were putting pizza crust down the garbage disposal. That’s when I knew it was over.
Why not calls
No I mean the GME lords who made a shit ton of money here
My wife’s bf is making me sleep on the couch tonight
[deleted]
Okay guys be honest how fucked are my GME 1/22 24C’s?
[deleted]
High value male
Fuck Howard
zjz never would have allowed it 😤
Think or swim
Do you think BIGC has any potential? Looks like it just keeps dying.
Der arme einfach
It would be
oh fuck me  ñyaaaa ARKG is going to the fucking moon once they drop this Cat Girl update
Wait this means Chinese stocks to moon confirmed. Yolo all into BABA and hold and you will make millions confirmed.
'' Y’all talk to men? As in converse?? As in transmit thoughts to one another? Queens why are you wasting your time''
If you get a 20% gain from gme. Then 20% From nio after that. You would be rich. Gme to the moon
I got 3 $3400 expiring next week. Let’s go!!!
Just realized mine’s out of town for a few more days. Devastating
I’m short call spreads on SPY - 377/380
[deleted]
do you think IV is too high for calls? I have 5.5k shares currently but want to try and spend a few k on options for better returns
There are so many things we could test you for, pick a couple and tell us
Have you heard of GME and PLTR?
Puts on my fetish for obese Latinas, but at least I’m not a fuck boy named Howard
Guh
Gme shares
Pesto or red sauce with whiskey
Bohlen kann dir mit seinem gebrochenen Stück helfen
Ok I have to know. What the fuck is HVM??
Chick made like 1 mil a month before that making sexy anime girl faces, so yeah, shes gonna make a fortune now.
Look at this troll
Already bought. Not sure if made the right call...
We’re all dudes what did you expect
https://www.reddit.com/user/GreenFuturesMatter/comments/kktli6/2011_bho_peanut_butter/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf

That’s pretty much the best quality anyone else had that I was competing with.
Oh You live there I’m sorry
Buy shares
Markets pleas open again
Will run up to $56 leading to jan 8, $59 premarket jan 9, close at $53 jan 9
Hmmm could it be.... dad???
BEKE is better. China housing is a massive opportunity and ARK is buying.
Ja diese
2021 market gon’ straight be bullish
😐
I sent you a picture of my cock. Pls respond
>hey, do you hold options or shares on roku? thanks
Makes cents 2 me
Anybody else see FDS and always read it as Full Self Driving
Triple digits by Jan2023
**FDs = F’s Delight**

**FDS= Female Dating Strategy**

Coincidence? I think not
Please tell me Monday would be green 😕😕😕
I'm only 10k shares in ARKG but hope to add longer leaps if they ever come out and shares for the genomic runup over the next 5-10 years.
Ty upvote slave boy
Probably won't happen but Elon has tweeted he thinks it's a good idea. So we don't know when/if this is going to happen.
He gonna learn the hard way
Or swallowed
Puts on playboi carti
😏😎😎🆙🆙😈😈
If you have any brains you will get off the ride now. Literally take an entire month off to breathe and reevaluate your entire financial situation...

or you can just go full retard and toss it all in corn.
Love the energy. In for 4,000 shares. First time having a largish position in one ticker and I got to say it’s been a fun shared experience.
Go to fidelity and create an account.  When it asks you what kind, choose taxable.   This is a non retirement account that you can freely use without penalty.
JPM boyz in shambles
FIST ON CHEST NO FEAR😈😈😈🔥🔥🚀
Equal strikes?
Yo Japan is closing its borders for a bit any puts you guys are looking at based on that?
I think the rally starts Monday! Worst case if it’s dosent wow me Monday Tuesday I’m rolling em to 1/5.
Thanks for the tip!
I mean I respect the 3280/3300 spread play and if I can ever see an amazon weekly printing, it would be this current turbulent time of all times

Just the 4500, that's as you say, for fun - don't see it becoming anything else - too far otm and unrealistic

Though I'm a bit curious about whether the volume on 4400 is true or not but unless it's to an absolute wild extent involving a whale alert or something, I assume those are also lottery bag holders for fun

Anyways gl with the gains on the spread. Feel free to let me know if the 4500 prints any gain at all lol
Dude wtf is up with this shitty ass bot telling me I can’t post a ticker tf has happend to this sub A Y R O looks like it has reached bottom or near it.  I would watch for a quick reversal.  I have also seen a lot of strange option activities for Jan
[deleted]
GLW retards  https://www.nasdaq.com/market-activity/stocks/glw/press-releases
It limits informed less capitalized traders from exiting bad unforeseen conditions.

Or prevents them from taking advantage of run ups.

It also does prevent some people losing money from excessive emotion, but they can do that with options anyway.

The rule hurts retail investors trying to build portfolios.

Being trapped in a position is one of the most harmful things that can happen.
Bro stop Jesus let shit go.
Green lines pointing up vs red lines pointing down
To the fucking moon 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
🚀🚀🚀🚀💊💉🌑
Unless he's on his 12th account, having gotten all the others banned.
Gunna take a whole bottle of melatonin and wake up monday premarket
He/she/him/her. Not really sure what is typing at this point wants to know if they should buy calls at 19 dollars or if anyone else has a different suggestion. And it turns out they are a closet homo irl.
[deleted]
Why the fuck havent you all been getting on the CSIQ train? Huge solar play and isnt Chinese which makes it a no brainer
Nice job, love it
I think Red Pill at least makes a lot of evolutionary arguments against monogamy which I tend to agree with, particularly this biological desire to fuck new people and pass on our genetics on a wider level. There's nothing wrong with this urge, it doesn't mean you have a hole in your soul cause you wanna fuck some tight ass you don't have. But meaning is deeper then that, and as we evolve meaning becomes more important despite the strong evolutionary arguments.

We are trying to transcend our animal selves now, and there has to be a place where two humans can co-exist happily without gamifying the entire dynamic and turning it into a power struggle.
Gay downvote army is here...don’t worry I’m am your upvote slave boy
Price target?
[removed]
Options flow could be to drive up price in the short term.  What happens over the course of 6 months?
Maybe something less otm, but yeah fsly will go past ATH soon
Fair response
Sprechen sie tendies?
[deleted]
I think the best yolo play w/ puts is when a stock suddenly tanks but then starts recovering in the last hour because you can just tell it's gonna go down tomorrow again
[deleted]
Glad FDS exists so I know there is a safe space for woman neck beards. Call me your HVM while you throat my goat
Im retarded and cant read any of that but stonks only go up so buy
Well fml, I bought a fuck ton of blnk and nio shares at their lowest, but every was like, “Blink has problems and lawsuits and they suck” and I was like fuck it I’ll sell. Everyone said nio and blnk were going no where. I had 10k nio shares at $2 and probably around the same of blnk
Walk into the ocean you fucking muppet.
Gains are gains take it when I want then NEVER look at it again so you won't feel like a paper hand tard
I do not like PLUG... I think a lot of people are going to get hurt holding them too long.
That'll probably be the plan. I'm holding nio calls right now and want them to turn at least somewhat green before I unload them then I'll transition over to gme
[deleted]
[removed]
I sent you a picture of my portfolio. Pls respond
Since I bought $GS Calls on Thursday, so let’s prepare for it to be down 5% on Monday
wait, you dont know about daftsex... 

oh poor bastard
PLTR
I have about 8k in OTM leaps already, but for the ones I buy over the next few weeks I'll do ITM leaps. I also have 10k in shares that I'll just keep as shares. Still need to sell some stocks in the new year and put that into ARKG leaps as well.
This retard looks like a flashy redflaggy sell signal for GME IMO. PLTR🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
I started putting premium gas in my 1996 Honda Accord after a strong run in November. December has been rough so may drop back down to regular
Are they going to sell GME?
I had 12.5 and 15 puts, nice to buy them back for next to nothing and repeat when ready.
[removed]
If you change the F to D and rearrange the ticker symbol you get BTD. SO YYEA GO BUY
Bro we almost made it through! Just 24 hours until futures! Stay strong!
When did this become the FDS/Red Pill sub? 

Edit: actually I know when. This extra long weekend has caused it.
I think he's just trying to fit as many WSB phrases into one post as he can.
Nicely summarized!!! 👍
Been selling naked puts alongside my shares. Happy to be assigned. But don't want to blow up my shares or limit upward potential with covered calls at the moment.
56%
Yeah but what did your wife’s boyfriend think about it
No more Charlie Brown Xmas on the public channels :(
futures
FSLY 160c June 2020 a good idea?
A correction will happen eventually but it's much better to just buy calls on pull backs and just buy more if it drops more. Look how fast the Feb-March crash recovered. There's nothing at the moment that can scare the markets enough to drop even half of that and even if something does come up, the Fed has your back. 

Your SPY 420 calls is free money if you have enough to buy more if prices go down.
Watch The Good Lord Bird if you have showtime
Can also sell CSPs
Youtube

https://youtu.be/GAtv5lrUUC0
you’re a ham sandwich.
word of advice, boys: if you got it, flaunt it... even if what you "got" is a crimson red Robinhood account, a profoundly impoverished understanding of "the stock market," and a micropenis.
Hold till January 1st after you check opening sentiment.
Retard thinks he can do better than mama cathie
Is soul actually good boys?
i like hitbdsm and fetishpapa
It will dip on Monday buy chips with dips
Checking in. 1000 shares ARKG at $98 (all in)
No your mum's boyfriend should've pulled out
[deleted]
25% annual growth trading at like 25x revenue is nothing to flex about
the burrrrnnnss

gg
Why u mad?
Just one more day then I can finally lose more  money yay!
35 in march maybe.
High value sounds a lot like high maintenance
Started with a trustfund, so its been the same for me
Yes
Top shirt says:
Ti Si Tey Yadnom
Bottom just says retard
Yeah bro. Honestly I can’t smoke flower anymore it’s to harsh. I just vape oil. I’ve done low temp dabs with really great success too but I can’t do that where I’m at so it’s packed up in the case chilling in my closet. I just stick to live resins. I wouldn’t wish this upon my worst enemy. Idk if you’ve ever had a collapsed lung but it really feels like if I’m on my knees slouched over, someone came up with a katana and impaled me from my shoulder blade and out my chest just under the rib cage as if it was kidney pain. My left lung went first and I really thought I was having a heart attack.

I was way ahead of the oil game in 2011. It was pretty much unheard of until 2013 when it really exploded on the scene. Tons of dipshits were blowing up their houses doing butane extractions. I had a plug for $300 oz of oil and was obsessed with smoking. I was selling that shit at 16 yrs old for $25-$30 a gram and quality was superior over the trash that was available. I’ll show you some examples.
No one cares
Yeah. Self employed as well with ROTH and SEP accts, there's only so much % of your gross you're allowed to contribute. OP would have to be clocking many millies to be allowed to contribute this much. However, that is a lot of money he has, so GG
Sideways I think.
Not a bad plan
Imagine having the job of porn video screener
Why do you think businesses routinely wine and dine clients or go on expensive retreats? For the deductions! Having dinner with a friend? Boom, work meeting annnndddd another  deduction. Want to go take a flight to Vegas? Go to a convention and all of a sudden.... business trip another deduction on the entire stay , hotel, food hookers all that.
Trade cryptocurrency its 24/7.
I’d cum buckets but no
In at 10 as Kcac. ;) Rockets! Not selling any till 150
I like wish to
When is this? Can I buy Monday?
Get half in now and half on any potential dip
[deleted]
I stopped reading after the first few words.  Just sounded like a chick crying over her fragile ego.
[removed]
You’re also my wife’s boyfriend!?
My earliest memory learning about the stock market was with an Arthur Episode. The dogs had the “Sock Market”.
Right. Positions or block. The fuck!?
To anyone who are getting richer with stocks, when did you start upgrading your lifestyle.
Is joke, comrade?
retard uses margin but doesn't know his margin maintenance
It’s going to be so nice tmrw evening when I have something to satisfy my gambling addiction again.
[deleted]
🙏
Sup
[deleted]
Lol so you’re just trying to buy ASAP
Finite
Good thinking
More ARKK and ARKG this week?
[deleted]
Psychological age: 11 
Identified gendered: unicorn 
Physical location: your mom’s bedroom
don't be shy show us the numbers
Or she'll peg you
You are me
I would invest in X.
Never heard of foreign aid before ? We gave aid to countries for strategic reasons. Don’t know why Israel is targeted even though dozens of countries were granted aid. 

They use aid money to buy stuff from USA anyway
Would you mind clarifying the distinction?
It's not a club sandwich unless it has ham and turkey.
Either way, market gonna moon.
Dafuq
Wouldn’t Melvin be in bigger trouble if they didn’t?
At what point will Robinhood sell my margin shares if I go full tits up
Lol fr. Poor bitches :(
Calls are simple?
SPY will go up at some point Monday. Really depends if it goes down first though.
> But jumped back in when i was 16, i started working in a supermarket and later in a pancake diner. This is also when i joined wsb

Jesus christ. I'm old.

Also /u/chainsaw_vasectomy how about a paper trading competition again?
Can rotate the photos so us retards don’t have to turn our heads.
I’m an ANAL GOD. Don’t test me bro
[deleted]
50 an hour OT to watch NFL all night, maybe do 15 minutes of work lol. Die of bordem though
[deleted]
If pltr hits 40 by february ill jip on my grannys Arse
Yeah I bought some Jan23 $30C but you’ll need to put a limit order in and hope there’s someone on the other side of the trade
Yes. Will cost you prob 1500-2200 bucks a call but ITM leaps for these seem smarter
The virus is serious of course, and it is absolutely deadly, but it's neither of these things for the overwhelming majority of the population. 

No death is acceptable but I also don't believe it's acceptable to cripple the economy, create mass debt, mass unemployment, mass mental illness and every other consequence associated with lockdowns. 

I've been a strong proponent of targeted lockdowns. Meaning placing lockdown restrictions on the elderly and the vulnerable while allowing the rest of the population to go about their life as normal.

Sure it sucks for the elderly and vulnerable but it also sucks that the other largely unaffected supermajority have to go into lockdown when the risk of us dying from it is insanely low.
Bella is likely going to make more off that crappy 10 minute porno then you’ll make in your life trading options
No. Spy 398 then 340 lowest or maybe even 357 around feb-March. IMO. Look at the fuckery of option flows around that time. Blow your mind. It it goes past 340 we all ded. Because that means 320-270-220 world war three type sheets. Okay just took my tinfoil hat off. 🤡
It’s called a pocket veto. Congress isn’t in session. If he doesn’t sign it within 10 days, normally it would become law. However when Congress adjourns during the 10 day period, the bill does not become law.
Thanks ✌️
Guess who's back 

Guess who's back

Guess who's back
You think they will bounce back to 34 even without the cineworld buyout?  Before that buyout CGX was already on a downward slide.  The stock went  to $34 on that announcement.  Just wondering your thoughts on this?
You’re probably noticing the unfortunate effects of zjz’s departure along with his auto mod bots 😥
Oh it’s that female dating strategy shit?
I've been a GME doubter this whole time cause I had only negative opinions about their physical stores my entire life.  But I'm beginning to open up and seeing this unfold. I'm almost ready to go all in. I want it to dip first then I'm going balls to the wall
Tubegalore always, or xvideos sometimes
[deleted]
bro, this is neuropsych 101. Im a gaming GOD
FlatEarth, AntiVax, and Climate-Change-denial are all about the same intelligence level.

None.
In at $10 ;)
I think it’s bigger than that.  Use ur 👁👁👁
Nah man. I know a chick irl and she sells pics and vids online. She just bought her own house off that. Chicks making bank off OF and snap and cam sites and PH
If you red pilling you ain’t looking for commitment. That said too true but confidence scores pussy
Both are meme stocks.  One will likely dominate their sector in the worlds largest market and is subsidized by their government who won’t let them fail.  The other has stores where all the children here go to spend their Christmas money.  One of them professional analysts will tell you to buy as well as idiots here.  The other, only the idiots here will tell you to buy.  Choose wisely.
This is hot
My exact train of thought* as well. Rockets
ur acting like this shit hasn't been around forever. women marrying rich or some royalty having sex slaves has been around forever. were just seeing it on high display with the internet

what's the word for when people would sell their daughters for marriage in return for like a herd of goats? usury or something?
Nvda


Sink or Swim


Who buying calls
Its really not, I can hold 10 shares and only make $30 as for he can hold 1000 shares and make 3k. In this case % doesnt mean anything. Its all about the $. I could make his same trade and only make about 2.1k, he makes the trade and makes nearly 250k. Big difference. Yes I could do it but it would take much longer than someone already having 1m compared to someone having lets say 10k
I am seeing a lot of posts with call options that are pretty far out which make me think I should roll out my January calls to mid year at least
Psychological age/identified gender/physical or astral location?
Please translate...
[deleted]
hab gehört die lassen dich nicht auscashen und sind bissl ungut was support angeht. außerdem kann ich nicht lesen, wie soll ich meine STEUERERKLÄRUNG machen
[deleted]
#You still using PornHub with all videos needing to be verified or what’s the move? Besides hookers of course.
Reddit is so weird.
your bean manipyelated buy a privite dischord
[deleted]
Will they be affected by trumps veto on the defense bill?
At my local bar...Weenie hut Jr’s....getting wild tonight. You guys should come out.

Also buying more PLTR Monday. Because Mondays always a good time to buy more PLTR.
$SLV at $35 this week?
Thanks

&#x200B;

ps: why are we so degenerate
Especially when that picture contains many many words.
\^
Hmmmmmm
[Elon liked this. ](https://twitter.com/teslaownerssv/status/1341087466795634690?s=21) 500,000+ deliveries confirmed. 

TSLA  ∞C 12/31. Funding secured.
Monday = rotation from shitk0in to all of my stonks

🌜🌛🌕🌙🎑🌝🌑🌓🥮🌚🌘🌗🌖🌔🌔🌒
Thoughts on GIX?
So many questions to think about 🤔 might as wel buy some shares
LVMH

best of both world
[deleted]
Oh my god. You are so fucking retarded. I’m absolutely floored.

They said they are contrarian to Silicon Valley and do not want to IPO. But they are hiring an IR team and SOX positions, meaning, they expect to go public despite their claims. IPO and spac merger are 2 different things, however they yield the same outcome in that the company becomes publicly traded. PSTH has IPOd, but whichever company it merges with does not IPO. It blows my mind how you have such a strong opinion on something you know nothing about.

I can think of literally no reason why subway would use a spac. The collisons are activists and as I have previously mentioned, their actions fully imply a spac merger with PSTH and it would be a huge fuck you to the banks, would give them 5-7 billion fucking dollars to use to grow further, and aren’t going to get fucked over the same way snowflake has.
[deleted]
Its all about asian chicks.
Daddy's tendies. Mom filming.
Gang shit no lame shit by Key Glock
[deleted]
hole 

heh
The “reverse button” 😂
Globally sure but Santander USA runs fast and lose,  mostly focusing on subprime auto.

There are a few other Santander tickers.
Well, historically they are right
I know u.  Ur a good trader.  😘🍻
Maybe... But when it goes to the moon you will want to be in. $7 difference now is insignificant compared to the mounds of cash later. Maybe buy half now and hope it drops but this is at breaking point.
Amzn has been consolidating into an Attack position for a few months. once this thing breaks its going to be violent. straight to $4000k.  the longer the base the bigger the break.
The spike was acknowledgment that is wasn't vaporware.

At least for now.
NIO will be $70 by NIO day.
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/d-redze the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
The local senioritas? thanks for the tip
Nah you’ll be good. The annual end of the year pump is about to happen
Gov shutdown
That’s why they are cheaper and It was half the material as tesla batteries
Why would you buy nikola damn you are autistic. We autists here boycotting nikola but you buying it 😂😂😂 you a true retard beyond men
[deleted]
The pdt will be gone next year. The big trading platforms were on their way to meeting with sec to get rid of it and then COVID hit. No pdt will help you be more strategic but is nice if you need to get of a bad trade.
High 
Value 
Women
HUV.TO shares, its basically VXX. I'm not super stoked about decay but its slow enough to hold a few months. I have been averaging in but that's a slippery slope as we know. Position started pre-election and only down 9%.
Because it’s pretty hard to buy in on the weekend.
The W equivalent of a HVM
And why were you holding these this long? 

What price did you buy in at?
You sound very well informed btw, thanks for sharing
I bet these fuckboys know how to pick stocks. How else are they gonna afford all that Vaseline.
[deleted]
sup
Buy low sell high. Like buy way way low and sell way way way way way way way way way way wayyy high
[removed]
Market is gonna be so green i feel it in my ass
Did you say owl? OG Gang, ASSEMBLE!
Can someone smart explain to me what’s going on with the stimulus? What happens if trump doesn’t sign?
https://www.reddit.com/r/Trufemcels/comments/kkps38/men_think_theyre_so_fucking_important/gh4at5t/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf&context=3
So the recent spike of apple was only because of delivering dates?
As bearish as I feel I still can't pull the trigger on SPY puts. My butthole still hurty from the last thrashing in march. SPY 420 calls EOY 2021.
Oh ok thanks lol
Hurr durr Youre all being manipulated by a private discord!
I got into to it after the covid crash and invested most of it into big cap stuff like Apple. I think I'm gonna hold for like 4 years until I buy my first house.
Not really. Just angry and given up, perhaps to impossible or unreciprocal standards. In some cases the advice is sound, to love yourself and stop putting up with garbage and hold others around you to higher standards. Though I'm sure others will take it too far and simply walk away rather than working through normal things that can be worked through. The rhetoric is harsh but it comes from somewhere real, and like any other story it is one-sided, so hopefully if they come from such high standards and self-actualization that they are as perfect as they seek and others.
165.....
This is why you vaccinate your children
So then what does the future hold for spy?
https://www.reddit.com/r/Trufemcels/comments/kkps38/men_think_theyre_so_fucking_important/gh4at5t/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf&context=3
Sup
The fuck is hvw?
NO COVID STOCKS as we come out of COVID.
As of his latest 13F through 9/30
R/slightlylargerwallstreetbets
[deleted]
Thoughts on Jan 23 $20c?  Not much liquidity so hard to judge what kind of premiums i would pay but I'm being tempted...
So you're saying go with ITM leaps for that
I've got the majority of my ETFs managed through Chase. This is just my personal RH hobby account.
Yeah. Because I took an IQ test. Eat rat shit, dumbass.
Loaded to the tits
Girls only want one thing and, it is disgusting
Who are the fuck boys?
Ahhh how sweet it is
Why Monday?
Femal dating strategies sub. WSB went on a bender last night
Maybe the best way to play it currently? You waiting a week or so to enter or looking for Monday?
Not surprised that you will still be here, since we will all be rich and retired, and you will still be broke.
People have gains ?
Female Dating Strategy and the Red Pill are the logical conclusion of the commoditization and dehumanization of living beings.

What used to be a relationship reduced to simply a set piece for each other's ego and made up system of values, where both will wonder why they are unhappy and always wanting more as they eye the newest products entering the "sexual market".

But the problem was never the human "product" its the hole in their souls that products cannot fulfill because that is not their main function. products supplement happiness, not the source of it.

Prove me wrong
Jeez dude even that small that sounds horrible! I’m sorry you went through that. Hope you never have to have any type of health problems like that again and can freely toke up ⬆️ for life
Kyler not making good decisions
Ill just declare bankruptcy then
[deleted]
[deleted]
Sup
all this awards owo
Apple EV is like 5 years old dude.

Recent hires generate some buzz.

These billion dollar companies don't sit on their hands, they're searching for new revenue.

If you put your head to it and see all the mapping and Augmented Reality work MS is doing, then you could figure it out for yourself.

The issue is that the slow steady state of well run companies like MS don't lead to spikes at news such as a little bit of additional hiring.
well you thought of everything
Please someone tell me SPY will be up Monday
It’s only a loss once you sell 😉
Explain.
everyone talking about HVM... i just want a LVF who blows me...
[deleted]
If you don’t want Tesla then you don’t deserve X
Down with Latinas rotation back into white women.  Where’s them HVW at?
Is it the alphas with the 2 footer schlongs and betas with the micro or the other way around? I keep forgetting
Ill just move to Mexico. Sorrh you arent smart enough to do that
ya retarded
I have over 1,600 shares right now.
I’m not of high value. If I walked past a bunch of lady-traders and one blurted out PUTS! I would just keep on walking. Life’s thrown me a few downgrades.

NLV creeping up though.
Monday I’m buying in
Song name?
There is no such thing as a female incel by definition
Something like that...
So OCT 9 was the 13th day that GME was on the nyse sho list. This was also the day GME announced the MSFT deal? Was that a coincidence?
The market is closed, and I’ve watched the last episode of the Mandalorian. My life has no meaning now
Playing it risky with that battery percentage too i see.
from Onlyfans
I'm literally on it right now.
What are you looking at?
Nah man. He still has four days to show middle finger to IRS by losing it all.
Imagine stepping on that thing
Why is he named anal farmer 2? Was anal farmer 1 taken?
This is retarded but diversify your meme stocks.
Is that mr. Beast and Dustin from stranger things?
Bro which one you go to 😳
I just sent you a message in chat, please check
Oh shit, they have batteries that **WORK**? Fuck it man, batteries that work are the future, all in.
You’ll get flair when your ready for it. Flair chooses you not the other way around.
Make VIX great again
[deleted]
Paying taxes on a large sum of money I just made in the stock market for doing nothing more that clicking a couple buttons and waiting is a problem I don't mind having.
Is Michael Burry still in GME?
yeah unless i hear news otherwise
Thanks for the explanation though, good to hear others knowledge
Seems like FDS is just female incels, is that accurate?
All I know, is that retard who said Amazon has historically made gains every year after Christmas better be fucking right
[deleted]
PLTR and GME calls if you want to lose money
I was thinking Wednesday or Thursday. Why Monday?
The bears 🌈🐻 are coming !!
Where are y'all hanging out over there I want to fuck shit up
I mean ya but your premium will bump it beyond the 20% most likely
You’d make 276k. If you got assigned you’d be on the hook for 70,000,000.
[removed]
“I did it this year, in quarantine. Added 5 figures to my savings, bought a new car, and got my BMI back down to 20. 2020 might have sucked but I certainly don’t! Cheers ladies, go forth and thrive.”

This is from that female dating sub. 5 figures in savings? New car? Where are they getting their financial advice from? 🤨
It feels like it’s been years since the market was open. Monday can’t come soon enough!
Got that my friend. Thanks. Wondering if we have info on those institutional holders and restricted shares by insiders?
on Sundays they will open up as Satan's Fil-a
[deleted]
Thank you for making me depressed and she said enjoy holidays.
Ate the onion
[deleted]
So why hasn’t this been commented earlier? All of a sudden I saw an increase in comments about this
Monday
No, “removing tax-free in retirement”, this is where I disagree with you or your wording isn’t clear. Yes, contributions to a Roth IRA are post tax which means qualifying withdrawals are tax free.
What’s “FDS”? I thought u guys were saying fd’s
Ban
Protip from an OG Costa Rica traveler:  you don’t bring your girl there anyway.  Definitely not your first trip at least 💃🏻💃🏻💃🏻know what I mean
You'll never go broke taking gains.
Brown boy the OG version back in the day was fire but a hip hop head will know that. Not the new version. Then some songs are decent. Gets too much hate when every single rapper loves him. + producing back to back and being on biebs in the trap was 🔥
holyfuck this is just sad, its not as funny as FDS. It's just really sad for real
Boomer rap like Grandmaster Flash and Sugarhill Gang
Tbh I’m not sure ever. What a disappointing stonk
Maybe it was a Chad covering his shorts
[deleted]
Priced in
Babylon Bee is satirical and its fucking hilarious
Fellas, can women trade stocks?

/s
[deleted]
Damn, women hate you too?
No :( my dad isn’t back
[removed]
Fuck no
I’m in
They've been working on this since Bing maps.
[deleted]
CRSR when
you can easily lose everything this way 

Iran can fire a missile tomorrow and those puts will be in the money by 9:30am
I come back to WSB a day later and FDs mean something else now?
Imagine finding out the boy you put up for adoption started and leads Amazon - true story
Precious metals will always be a good investment. I heard silver will be even better of a hedge in the case of economic shutdown
Buy TSLA or NIO calls ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Okay so I'll set my strike as like 15 % OTM
Pleas fly again
If you aren’t asking your buddy at Melvin why the f you teasing us by bringing it up?
It’s smaller then you think. Those lines and numbers represent millimeters. It just looks massive due to the photo. You can see where my lung just burst multiple times in that bleb and healed over. They just cut that out sewed me up and I was on ventilators for about 4 days in the hospital while I regained the ability to keep my lungs expanded without assistance. I also had to wait for the blood to clot and expel it. They cauterized the outside of my lung but the inside tissues were still bleeding.
[deleted]
[removed]
[deleted]
The short interest tells a different story. I agree that the company is shit, but that short interest is going to make it go up just from a technical perspective.  Not to mention the WSB campaign to do a proctologist impression on the shorts. 

There is going to be an epic squeeze. 

I have no positions but considering a long dated way OTM call as a lottery ticket.
Odds of passing dog attack to your grandma: 0%
r/savevideo
just use margin, dumbass
19 and owing about 1.5k€ to my mom because I ran 5 small businesses against a brick wall of liabilities luckily it's not to much anymore
[deleted]
A huge mistake is not doing it sooner
If you have a ten dollar head, then buy a ten dollar helmet.
<Insert biased stock name here>
I honestly don't know what you're talking about, I'm an optimist by nature so I've only researched the positives of investing. I'm not going to waste my time  learning about negative ideologies. 🚀🚀🚀🚀
[deleted]
R/femaledatingstrategy

Bunch of fedora-male-tier females bitching about men being low or high value (lvm/hvm)
They cant talk with dickinmouth
you need to have a lot of capital and risk it too.
[deleted]
HEY, him using crayons is an insult to every US marine out there
Ackman pls
Looks 30 min in reality its 3.5 min
Real alphas rate each other’s cocks 

😈😈😈
Cathie Wood expects the ETF's to be around 20% year over year, 2020 was a flash in the pan. So take 20% on the current price and that's the prediction... Nobody comes out of the wood work and claims they can do another 150% year not even Ms. Wood herself, so you've been warned if your expecting similar returns as last year... Could it do 30 or 40%? Possibly.
Turkey is just more versatile. 

Never heard of a Ham Pot Pie. 

Or a Ham Club Sandwich. 


Turkey rules bro.
My Parents know it all Boomer Maga Friend loves sending me articles from the Babylon Bee...Thought he was being sarcastic but now I’m wondering if he actually believes this shit...it would actually explain a lot .
You can easily trade ARKG in Berlin or via gettex and Baader Bank OTC (around 4-6euro trading fee) for example via a free flatex depot...  ez
>Trump’s final weeks in office will also be a tinder box because of the danger of turmoil abroad. Iranian-backed militias fired more than 20 rockets last Sunday at the U.S. Embassy compound in Baghdad, with around nine hitting the compound but inflicting no American casualties. The United States sent intense, high-level messages to Tehran, public and private, warning against any further provocation. The toughest was a Dec. 23 tweet from Trump warning: “If one American is killed, I will hold Iran responsible. Think it over.” State Department and Pentagon officials say Trump’s retaliatory threat is real.

>Another potential flash point is just a week away. Jan. 3 marks the first anniversary of the U.S. targeted killing of Quds Force commander Maj. Gen. Qasem Soleimani and Iraq militia leader Abu Mahdi al-Muhandis. Any new violence could ignite a quick cycle of escalation that could bring direct conflict between the United States and Iran during Trump’s final weeks in office.
Everything's explosive these days.
😂😂😂 amateur
Nav is underrated.
Just to clarify, I'm not at all saying timing/entry or luck doesn't matter. I'm saying large % options moves can occur over months, days, or in as little as minutes.

Also, keep in mind some of your biggest strengths as the little guy are the ability to move in and out of the market much more quickly than large players (and without affecting prices much), you can take opportunities (if you can find them) that teams of PhDs have found but are too small to matter to large firms, and you are also free to take risks \*far\* outside what any risk desk would approve.

I gave some of (many) examples of getting in before large money. In particular, amazing research relevant to EDIT, for example, came out on 12/5 at this year's ASH conference. I follow this stuff very closely for personal reasons. You didn't need to buy options months in advance to make a killing.

You could have bought on the Monday after ASH, or the Tuesday, or Wednesday, or the week after. Don't follow me \[disclaimer\], but I wouldn't be surprised to see EDIT go to 10B market cap. Only thing I'd worry about is an offering. Don't like to write things like that because I don't want inexperienced people to lose their asses.

CTN is a different beast. He made an essentially binary AAPL earnings play, on an exploited margin calculation glitch, many times too large for his tiny bankroll---all in proper accordance with his "Personal Risk Tolerance." GUH
I would put everything I have into this
boomer rap > zoomer rap
[removed]
Been using zillion past couple years apartment hunting and whatnot. It's was never that great. However everyone I know looking for a house only talks about redfin. zillow will trade sideways forever
BABA looking good for a PMCC or am I retarded?
Well I’m up to my ass worth of PLTR stocks that I bought a month ago AT RECORD FUCKING HIGH🤦🏼‍♀️ and I have yet to break even.
Well with PLTR and GME it was inevitable
Thoughts on skillz?
20k in at $10 as Kcac, idk what moon we are on now, but they told me to keep my hands and feet in the ride until the end. I’m thinking about buying a Large popcorn for the ride ..
I'm bored. Wanna rate each other's girlfriends? 

Oh wait.

:(
Damn 8?? That’s fucking insane dude well I’m glad you’re better now and don’t seem to have any crazy lasting effects. Maybe try not to cough so hard when taking a massive bong rip but doing some light cardio is always good even just walking or maybe even swimming? I know they say that’s good for raising VO2 levels
They’d be pressured to not be religious and open on Sunday
We should send all the Bears over to r/collapse, bunch of doomers.
you lost a quarter million dollars and got a slap on the wrist? Jesus Christ
fuck dude, that's some INCEL lvl shit. I can sense the frustration. You are not a HVM
Isn’t wash sale something like prior 30 and following 30?
Honestly it could be a lot worse given how fast it has grown. Sure we’ve lost a lot of great contributors like fuzzy but there are still a lot of people churning out great plays that are earning a lot of us tons of money like the mattress king, the godfather, uberkikz, DFV, etc.

There will always be tonal shifts as new generations and users enter the population but I think a lot of the spirit of WSB is still alive and well. And obviously as the sub continues to grow, a lot of garbage comes with that growth, which should be expected.
So they will be joining the EV space, perfect
[deleted]
sit on face without wiping your ass
Pfffft superior protein content? Just for women?
Why would you think any of us would be dating a (yuck) feminist FDS user.
You have NO honor! NEUROPSYCH 101!
No they won't. They'll continue QE and won't raise interest for at least the next couple years. 

They're actually pretty good at providing guidance for what they expect to do in the future. I trust their guidance more than some rando who's only understanding of the Fed is a  documentary.

Ps I'm not disputing that they're pumping the market. They're pumping the market with money effectively inflating asset values which bails out people who own assets. The inflation cucks cash gang people who depend on wages for income. Thanks J Pow! :)
You forgot the tax payer
Contgrats bro. What will you do w the gainz
I’ve only gotten 1 felony from Instacart so far.
Well, if there is a proxy vote in the next shareholders meeting, and longs recall to vote, then the short sellers borrowing those shares will have to cover. They could just short it again after, but I’m just saying. You can’t just say they’ll be able to ride it down in the future tho, cuz there’s a chance it doesn’t go down, and just keeps rising, if Cohen does takeover.
Chick fila should 100% go public every time I pass one the line is 30+ mins
Renters get evicted, and small-time (retail) landlords may default on their mortgages, so the banks will snap them up for dirt cheap 

Then after the economy recovers, renters will rent from subsidiary companies of big institutions - instead of small retail landlords 

The wealth gap widens due to printing money and the government bailing out big institutions. Those without assets get fucked.
Yes. Yes, I remember I had Lasagna.
learn how to convert into spreads, you can lock profit/loss by selling an option 1 strike more out of the money and you save a day trade this way.
How can this information from the video be priced in when the market has been closed since Thursday afternoon? I would expect the stock to gap up on Monday morning tbh.
UPDOOT FOR DMX
^^This guy is a genius
Yah, I spent hours and hours doing DD on "green energy" in terms of 

1- solar

2- batteries

3- natural gas/biogas

4- hydrogen

I've come to the conclusion that #4 is shit and only runs off of gov't grants, hopes, and dreams. 

A younger me would wonder what I missed. These days, I realize that's the feeling of understanding a bunch of others are just eating out of the palm of people's hands.
Careful I just got banned for this.
That's how I ended up with three felonies lol
I don't know the rules work for taking withdrawals before retirement but he/she definitely will.  Good luck!
Jokes on you, my dad works for Microsoft, good luck trying to use MS paint ever again
PLTR gonna moon with new contracts from UK N H S🚀🥳
[deleted]
What does being gay have to do with this inane rambling?? No gay person I know would post this.
[removed]
My funds are always available the next day.
The past couple weeks they’ve been making my initial investments available at the time of sale.
Why do I feel like United States steel is going to pump Monday, from idiots who only read the title lel
I had 8 pneumothorax’s including the one that happened about 5 hours before surgery lol. It just happens I guess. No explanation really. They say you grow out of it after 25... I’ve had zero issues since but sometimes I get random aches and I wonder. Lung replacement isn’t a realistic option. Minus the obvious surgery any damage is really recoverable. If I wasn’t such a lazy bastard and exercised daily I could easily be 100% I’m not concerned though. My blood oxygen levels are normal. Heart and brain is healthy.
🌈🐻’s
[deleted]
What PT for this week?
It's me. Im a hacker. I told you it's war now. METH
Really,
i will take a turkey sandwich over ham tho
Your questions goes nowhere.

They're not building an EV that is blindingly obvious.

They are creating software whether server or client side to use within autonomous vehicles, which are likely to be electric.

Slow burn for sure, not WSB material.
[deleted]
Glad I could help
Cool I’ll check with my CPA Monday. I do like a Roth as you cams withdrawal any investment early (just no gains). Have to check in on that back door.
you have to wait 3 days for your trades to settle though which is essentially the same restriction.
I do think you're right. I think this is the decade of real change, where we enter that Jetsons age. Tech rules the world, and boomer stocks go bye bye
Shits waay too inflated rn with no solid justification for it. Gonna wait for the dip.
Brought a tear to my eye
[removed]
You just gave me so many great cringy ideas
[deleted]
10% of all deaths in a year is... a lot.
Positions or ban
[deleted]
they are now rated a TECHNOLOGY company
/r/trufemcels
Such a festive week, how could Monday not be green?
If I YOLO into ARKG Leaps would that be a huge mistake?
No.  The money you contribute to a Roth is post-tax, not pre-tax, so you're paying taxes on the contributions today and removing tax-free in retirement (contributions plus gains, if any).  401Ks can receive contributions pre-or-post-tax depending on how yours is setup.
I feel like most of us, here today, shit posting and readying other shit posts... most of us will hit multiple 10-baggers in 2021. 

2021 is the year. We're all gonna make it guys. Trust me on this one, I feel it. Your portfolio will hit record highs, and surpass all your goals.
Femaledatingstrategy is a fucking gold mine, my fellow LVMs
It's crazy to think that all you have to do to become a millionaire is sell 1950 SPY 367P 12/30 on margin and hope that SPY finishes above the strike.
Jesus man. Just get on Instacart or sell drugs or something.
Guh
[removed]
[removed]
That’s why $MT is mooning soon 👀
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/Geoffs_Review_Corner the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
If you forget the tradition you'd all be cooking beef or pork.
Most active funds perform under the S&P 500 in the long run. Cathy is not going to run that fund forever, she also would not last long in a bear market. My honest advice to you would be to stick 80% into Vanguard Total Market and 20% into Vanguard Total International. Go ahead and make plays on your taxable but don’t mess with your retirement. You should be maxing that out first before trying your hand at get rich quick schemes. I don’t think you’ve experienced a bear market but when your portfolio shits 60% it’s not fun.
You can get around day trades with options by converting into spreads.

For example if your call is up $100 and you want to close it for profit but don't want to use a day trade you can just sell a call 1 strike higher leaving you with a spread that locks down most of your profit and you just close the whole spread tomorrow instead.
GME, kiddo. That is the way.
It will probably come Monday premarket
I made 2 major mistakes buying calls the past 3 months. But still green overall. That’s a win right?
I jsut tasted my own jizz out of curiosity. Not that bad
Do erotic videos with people dressed as teddy bears
Nobody tell him.
Shares Outstanding
This number includes all the existing shares of a company — those held by individual investors and institutional groups, plus any restricted shares that are held by company insiders such as employees and executives

Public Float
A company's "float" are the shares are available for trading on any given day — in other words, shares outstanding minus any restricted shares.
> short read

I think you meant they'll need a long read solution.
RIP /r/arkecosystem
Nobody tell him.
All I ever wanted
HSA too. I do all my fun trading in there. It’s the sweetest account there is, it just sucks that the contribution limits are so low.
Guh
hahaha, this is gud
The other is my bussy
BABA chart makes me sick
8=======D\~\~\~\~\~
Women are better traders because there's less pressure to succeed. A woman can lose everything and still get laid.
In my teenage years I often wondered where I would be in my mid 20s and what I would be doing. Well I have no job and I started making low effort tik toks with a mustache and pig tails. I ran out of content ideas and I'm torn between eating a whole raw onion in 30 seconds or chugging a glass of maple syrup. Cant think of anything else, glass of ketchup perhaps?
Short positions as in the short squeeze would be stock, not puts, unless you're arguing that it's the MM.
None of the people I knew well last October are still here, like heartpussygunsmoney
Ahh yes! Self promotion and advertising. What a treat!!
Please can you explain what you mean by puts lose 50% of their value by EOD? Trying to learn how this works. I thought buying 0 DTE puts at open on 12/24 would have been profitable... Thanks
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/dbrazil1 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
😞🔫
Dude. The maxes are set by the govt. it’s not a situational thing. I think you fucked up big if you contributed over the annual maximum. Or you don’t know what an IRA is or wtf you’re talking about. I’m not looking for advice from you, I’m trying to figure out what the hell you’re talking about and how badly you might’ve fucked up
[deleted]
There won’t be any surface ground to drive on with the amount of mining needed to satisfy this rather big spike in expected demand that seems a bit far fetched.
Last few trading days SQ been crap. Hopefully with bitty up good, SQ rockets on Monday. God knows I need it.
I'm going in
u/sir_jack_a_lot withdrew from his ira early to buy a tsla lmao. you can withdraw from ur ira, you just pay a 10% penalty which obviously sucks but if you actually fucking print i mean....
What is the reason behind this huge f. drop?
I want to make a new account, but you need a 1 or 2 month old account to post here, right? :/
Nothing but *real* porn. Loss or gain, either way the plays were fucking retarded and every autist here wouldn’t dare post a fucking normie bear with a gay title like this one. Now, holy fuck, people with $2,000 gains or losses are consistently upvoted. The risk tolerance for most of this sub has risen almost to boomer levels and the bar for quality porn has lowered significantly.
Ah I see that makes sense
Drunk on Tesla tequila, tearing down the road, flamethrower held high
Bagel never disappoints. Merry Christmas you filthy animal.
Been at it since 8am. This turkey is cooked.  

The more I post, the more you dicks make me feel like an elitists fuck. 

Whatevs. WSB is still the best & worst place on the internet. I don’t give a shit what your parents say. 

#🎅🏿
$PLTR has more meme power 🚀
turnover was always high on this sub
Read a comment here about MSFT acquiring smart people from FORD etcccc? Hinting towards MSFT also joining the EV space?
Ive been selling 20% ITM weeklies.  Its just a retarded way to average into GME but thats who I am.  The big question is do I dump my THCB position to really load up.   Got in at 10.65. 76% up. Not sure which is a better ticket to astronaut school.
Doing high value things, hbu?
Switch to a bidet to avoid butthole cancer.

PLTR 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
That's me. I hate the holidays it sucks
Ohh yeah. BFT long is gonna pay multiples.
The only stock you should be shorting is $URSELF
Not a bad idea.
Straight face gang 😑
Market doesnt care
I’m doing exactly that this week.
You know that run-up a few weeks ago...that's called distribution, and a bunch of tards on here fell for it. Execs dumped a bunch of shares. Fuck, execs must love WSB.
Amen, one way to make me feel better lol
I have 65K with ARKG, I hope she is right 😎
Peak retardness.
We never landed on the moon and 9/11 was an inside job
But aren’t capital gain taxes in Roth IRA paid when you make the contributions vs being deferred to a later date (Technically speaking this is how a vehicle like a 401k works.) Contributions to Roth are not taxable for qualifying events. I think your post doesn’t make this distinction clear.
[removed]
ARK for life baby 🤑🤑🤑
Holding 1/15 $24c until damn near expiry. 💎👐 Time. I'm 18 and that was my first option. Averaging up Monday afternoon gme gang dont let me down🤑
Your "chart" has no axises labels or anything worth looking at. My 10 year old cousin can make the same chart in excel using random data
Shares
Bro, how do you not have volume on your chart?
Users in here are looking to buy 12/31 calls on Monday. How would IV crush impact those options?
My stimulus money better be here before Jan 16th.
The mod who had the spam bot is gone and took his bit with him 

User base has doubles within a year
What’d u motherfucks get me for Christmas?
Yeah man they are definitely not losing millions every week they keep having to reroll their put positions over retard
FWIW, I'm in agreement with you, bud.
And every update will make your car slower and the battery life shorter
Sounds like a good Monday morning scalp!
The Curevac vaccine (mRNA) is doing good as well
Those few 5% days set me back to day one
should i put my roth ira into 100% all the ark funds? i’m 19 about to start one and i just can’t bring myself to buy the S&P. i’m not a boomer
Already have 1/22 calls. As soon as my 2/21 BABA calls print I’m going all in on ICLN LEAPS
You said you have a CPA, work with him/her for your specific situation. I don’t know you or your situation.
How are my fellow high value males doing today?
QuantumScape Worldwide *wide wide wide* 

Batteries??? EVS??? The future? Money? Investors?? **Possibly you?!**
Come fellow ANAL GoD, let’s put these downvoters to shame
such a melvin
Shares yes
What’s poker ICM?
[deleted]
That’s seems like the exact opposite of what was recommended
[removed]
Yes, let's see if my calls are doing well in one month with their target date of 6. The puts are for 2022.
What exciting names do you think are still available that justify the premium? I’ve been considering selling some of my shares this week to go into more QELL shares or another spac
I downvoted you because you mentioned downvoting
It's below the 50% retracement from it's high and trending down hard below 50 EMA on everything but the daily charts. May just be another small movement inside it's current tight range, may reverse on Monday with news, but had trading on the 24th continued as it was, we'd be approaching 3000 pretty rapidly IMO. IIRC 200 day MA is around 2800?
I will be messaging you in 5 days on [**2021-01-01 00:11:29 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2021-01-01%2000:11:29%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://np.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/k34e7x/gme_yolo_roth_ira/gh49pxc/?context=3)

[**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fk34e7x%2Fgme_yolo_roth_ira%2Fgh49pxc%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202021-01-01%2000%3A11%3A29%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%20k34e7x)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|
You can do a backdoor Roth contribution.  Essentially you contribute to a Traditional IRA and then instantly "flip" it to a Roth.  There are some nuances and I'm not a tax expert or CPA so I'd say you'd want to make sure you're doing it right with one of them before doing so, but it can be done fairly easily without penalty.  The main thing you have to be sure of is that you don't have any gains before the conversion so you'd stick your contribution into a cash/settlement account and not into any investment.
no vaccine for granny nancy?
How would you have them report it? Tell everyone not to worry because only old people die? Using your own logic here the government is blowing it out of proportion and we still have hundreds of thousands dead. If they reported on it as if it were no big deal and backed off on mask mandates and restrictions then many more would get it and die. How many more dead before you think it's ok for the government to report it as seriously as they are now? What's your limit of acceptable death before we report the seriousness of the virus?
https://topratedfirms.com/trading/day/ameritrade-pattern-day-trade.aspx
Okay so what do you think the maxes are then for those?
damn so you could’ve given yourself a pneumothorax? Shit man that sucks and it sounds almost like it’s stretched and that area maybe the alveoli doesn’t exchange O2 with CO2. Damn that sucks and there’s no permanent fix besides like a lung replacement ?
Pics of Ban 

!remind me 5 days
Ban 🌈🐻
That’s what you are
I kept collecting on mederna, buying low then raking in more. So much aktion.
Everyone just depressed cuz they can’t yolo their grandmas Christmas money till Monday
What in the fuck
Sell both for the sweet amzn after xmas play, swing to gme and in february back to pltr. Thank me later!!!
After I make my plate tendies next week I’m going all in June calls baba
Elon truly is a goddamn living legend!
[deleted]
Not telling you
Thanks Jesus. Happy belated.
All good bro, with those returns, you are boyfriend material for his wife
My LEAPS and shares thank you all. Ride or die baby let’s keep it going. Been in for a while now love seeing this.
Here have a downvote
[deleted]
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [Young Thug - Up feat. Lil Uz](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OSAAGrnZt8Q) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OSAAGrnZt8Q)⠀►►⠀ 3:17 / 4:56 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
R/politics is intellectual AIDS
It’s “not a flame thrower”.

-Boring Company Legal
You should short it heavy
Bruh who are these 🌈🐔 downvoting Everyone?
what’s everyone’s PT for XL fleet? Kinda getting paper hands seeing it dip😢😢
wtf is this
There are two things in this world that smell like fish.
And one of them is fish.
Yeah, but I'm sure there's someone in India who will do that same job with the same quality for 1/10th of that lol
Word to MILF goddess Cathie Wood
1750
Bro that’s a big freaking bleb. So you have a chunk of each lung missing ?
If there was 2023 I’d already be in. I don’t expect the same returns we got this year in ARK tho
Covid vaccine causes Painful side effects for facial filler chicks.

Puts on Botox Becky.

That is all.
Thanks man. /u/DeepFuckingValue 's recent reveal and 💎🤲 inspired me to make this graphic. H/t too to /u/Uberkikz11 for his balance sheet DD.
Alexa play Up&Up by Coldplay
[deleted]
I’m not trying to be rude but if you even just google it you will find plenty of information regarding maxing an individual account and company account in the same year. 

I’m not a CPA or financial advisor so I’m not trying to give advice on either but I’m certain once you speak with yours you’ll be happy with what you find out.
I think they should at least make extended hours just 24/7 so we can at least trade stocks when we are bored. Shutting it down is just bullshit.
Worse thing a parent can do is expose children to the casino that is the stock market.  Sure, invest for the long term, but a sure fire way to waste away potential is trying to figure out what numbers on a screen will do next.  

I have been trading since I was a 17 year old, and while I managed to find way to make a decent life for myself, I’m 39 now, I wish I woulda never traded. The distraction, fomo, anxiety it creates destroys a child’s potential for greatness to create something good for the world.
679 too high IMO
[removed]
Hold the fucking line,  r/investing has nothing on us
Prob 500k for survival needs.
Well if you don’t fucking YOLO into GME at this point man why are you even here.
[removed]
If he was from this sub he would be riding that mortar to the moon 🚀🚀

(The mortar being built 50/50 by PLTR and GME of course 🚀🚀)
Awaiting imminent  Patent approval on the next generation of radar detectors!
This so why we need another paper trading competition
Just an FYI that Tesla has split 1:5 and now at 660 Dollars.   
What’s the wild prediction for 2021?
Look out for a lone wolf nutjob?
I’m Canadian but living in Israel. (And good at Google translate 😂) nice to meet some Israeli on WSB. DM me if you like to connect. (Feel so alone in Israel trading lol)

I’m using fibi for trading. I think most Israelis using interactive brokers but not sure.
[removed]
BULLISH TECH BULL MARKET UNTIL 2027


STAY IN THE MARKET AND GET RICH BOYS
Cardinals defense is atrocious.
got whiners and under. i'm enjoying it
Literally holding 2023 puts on them. Shit is gonna print when they inevitably file for bankruptcy.
What’s gonna happen Monday with MVIS 🤯🤯
#All time high confirmed.

I am pulling out all my stocks on Monday thanks to this retard. Congratulations and fuck you.
quantumscape's website says good thing about quantumscape. next, brad with the weather.
Baidu already has couple of fleets running in cities. Most importantly, collecting a lot more data than Tesla for L5, when it would eventually come.
Got you so it's quite possible to time a dece dip. Thx donkey fkr 🚀 .
And there will always be retards like us who profit from it.
In long positions I would say between 2x-5x before I decide to re-evaluate. 

If I swing 10-25% no bullshit.

Medium term 50-100% and I’m out.
Please tell me thats satire
sounds like you want to be happy, but also want worldly success

rarely do they come together, since unhappiness or dissatisfaction with your current state is exactly what will move you to continue seeking greener pastures

that you want to do anything to improve your state likely implies that you're a competitive person (which is natural for all dudes), and happiness is not what you're seeking
[deleted]
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [YG - Bitches Aint Shit feat ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Bm_yxsMCpE) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Bm_yxsMCpE)⠀►►⠀ 2:20 / 3:31 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
That is the worst subreddit. Well, not as bad as r/politics, but still pretty bad. I don't even want to troll it, the way I do r/politics.
Elon tesla, peter palantir, and ryan gamestop are dissapointed in you.
!RemindMe 1 month
Where can I afford that??
Neuk alsjeblieft mijn vriendin
good, brah. btw, you're about to be downvoted by the mental defective league. just fyi
HEAR 35c 7/16/21
alexa play bitches aint shit
The problem isn't converting hydrogen to energy, it's storing and transporting.

Hydrogen is only 30% as energy dense by volume as gasoline even at 800 bars, same when liquidfied, and that's accounting for the 100% burn rate. So even at massive pressures hydrogen uses up 3x the space as gasoline for the same energy output. [source](https://planetforlife.com/h2/h2swiss.html). Recommend you read that page, it goes into all the big problems with actually moving hydrogen from production to where it's needed also.

Not to mention, hydrogen from green sources like electrolysis (which is the whole point of hydrogen) is very expensive/inefficient.

Shipping is not going to switch to hydrogen lol, it will be cheaper to pay carbon taxes to offset and burn gasoline. It might be used as large scale onsite energy storage if solar gets cheap enough that the efficiency doesn't matter, but I can't see it ever being used for transport. You're better off with either gasoline or batteries, depending on your application.
What’s up with all the FDS stuff I’m out of the loop lol
I’d check with yours and make sure your not getting socked with the 6% penalty. I’ll talk with a CPA but I cannot find literally anything about what you’re claiming. Laws are pretty clear. Under 50 6k max across all IRAs, over 50 7k max.
Very good
Stick to shares and you’ll be good
If you YOLO just remember this stock in the last month was $12 to $20 to $12 to $20+

More volatility would not be unexpected.
[deleted]
I won’t believe anything Toyota says. They are the most anti EV company that exists on this planet. Maybe it’s just until they have solid state battery and all of a sudden they are the most pro EV manufacturer.
I've been under a fucking rock. Joined WSB few days ago.
I know we're all retarded here, but I'm honestly okay with investing in this just so I can support a potentially insanely awesome future (even if it's very small).
Can Boeing just declare Bankruptcy already? Dogshit company. 

Senate obliterates recertification. 

LOL. 

Puts on the flying soda can company.
[removed]
Like what if I make to much to contribute to a Roth ? I’m screwed right?
https://ourworldindata.org/excess-mortality-covid

Really not that hard to find solid stats about this shot and not making up your own you degen.
Could dip on Monday imo but it’s a tossup, so idk
https://www.renaissancecapital.com/IPO-Investing/US-IPO-ETF/News/74034/Renaissance-IPO-Index-%E2%80%93-Notice-of-December-2020-Quarterly-Changes

It never hurts to read the prospectus..

effective Monday, December 21, 2020:

Additions:
Airbnb
DoorDash
GoodRx Holdings
Kingsoft Cloud Holdings
Lightspeed POS
Palantir Technologies
Sotera Health
Unity Software
Xpeng
Yatsen Holding

Removals:
Allogene Therapeutics
Anaplan
Elastic N.V.
Guardant Health
Moderna
SolarWinds
StoneCo
Tencent Music Entertainment Group
Vir Biotechnology
🤡👈🤣
HUYA gang remembers
https://www.reddit.com/r/ShittyLifeProTips/comments/kkpyre/slpt_how_to_make_150k_trading/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf

Sometimes it do be like that doh
Thursday was the 13th consecutive day GME appeared on the SHO REG list.  We could be looking at some shorts covering Monday or being forced to pay fines.
You are asking people to spoon feed you when even using reddit crap search you could find the answer.
Crazy like a fox
Sold off as it was priced in for the US approval.   Bumped on Euro approval, so expect either a small continuation of the bump or profit taking Monday depending on what the rest of the market does
> 330,000 people


But of those 330,000 people, 99% or more are over the age of 75. Yes it sucks for the elderly and vulnerable but the way governments report it is very disingenuous.
Bit late to comment on, but man this must be emotional. Be patient and hold tight, everything will be fine.
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/Delicious-Ad598 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
JUST OPEN THE FUKING STOCK MARKET!!!
I do drugs before my walk. Getting out or doing something does indeed work though.
GME 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
I didn’t understand why the words autism and retard were used so frequently in this sub until now
I just realized I invested in GameStop
That and I would have assumed the fact that it does not require Sub-Zero conditions would also help
Imagine how much of a sad motherfucker you have to be to downvote the wsb daily thread
Acid is one hell of a drug.
You’d be up double that if you’d put it all safely in $QCLN or 10x that if you took a risk abs put it into $PLUG.
HOWS IT GOING TONIGHT ALL YOU HVM?! 
I hope you get yourself a girl who’s more than the average of 4.1 over on /FDS and actually has something to contribute to your lives.
It go up?
Let’s goooooo!
Zero to GUH-hundred real quick
Should’ve bought that $14 dip
You do know that good software engineering jobs pay big dollars right?

FANG total compensations are like 200k minimum.
I would be using the MBA to pivot careers to something that can't be offshored to foreign, cheaper people really easily.
It's so they have some sort of platform to stand on for when they start pushing mandatory vaccines or the removal of rights without proof of vaccination
Idk turnarounds are sophisticated, and you've made money so you're good. as long as you make money you look smart.
so GME going crazy this week?
Yeah most jokes I can get behind but this one is taking it a little too far.
If this were the top, there'd be bear corpses laying around everywhere. Where are they? Cant be the top.
[removed]
Not a big fan of off-white, but I do have a couple of the simpsons t shirts they made. I committed a big son I guess though cause I cut those annoying ass tags off them
This sub has point out some great plays this year. Sorry there isn’t a new PLTR or GME opportunity every other day or that retards don’t understand wtf buy low means.  God forbid you do your own DD before throwing money at shit
[deleted]
What makes you say this, what specifically feels like it?
are EV ipos going the same way as weed stocks?
It really doesn’t since it’s not hard to open a $0 IRA at the brokerage of your choice as a vessel for the back door. Either way, you do you. It just sounded like you believed that you were absolutely unable to put money in a Roth rather than you simply did not want to do so. Cheers.
There’s only one way to find out.
Dude where the fuck have you been, obviously.

Positions: Shares and LEAPS you twat, they are ITM and I would excerise in a heartbeat if RC said so.
Notice the magic 8 ball in the lower left corner of his desk....in some sort of eagle claw stand.......I think I have a new trading strategy
Want to use all my margin on leaps on a dip for arkg or ICLN
you must
Happy cake day
[deleted]
[deleted]
You account is a year old, how OG could you possibly be?
Probably the most critical step for maintaining sanity.
I will be messaging you in 2 years on [**2022-12-27 00:03:03 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2022-12-27%2000:03:03%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://np.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kksn6c/proof_that_gme_will_have_a_q4_earnings_blow_out/gh48v3k/?context=3)

[**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fkksn6c%2Fproof_that_gme_will_have_a_q4_earnings_blow_out%2Fgh48v3k%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202022-12-27%2000%3A03%3A03%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%20kksn6c)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|
I'm diving in Monday
[deleted]
[deleted]
This is fucking stupid
Your post has been removed because a single link is insufficient DD. Please review the following links before resubmitting.

Please note that abusing DD flair can lead to getting banned.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

[How to conduct DD](https://www.wallstreetoasis.com/forums/on-the-job-with-simple-as-my-research-process)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
How are you long VIX? Genuinely curious since you are always fighting time decay with VXX and UVXY. I have VXX leaps to cash out on any negative drop but curious how others play it
Oh my God I think WSB has gone too far.
What is this? Meme review?
Have fun 😆
This 49ers game is like watching a peewee game
Nope. Only on margin accounts. I’m level 2 cash only. Unlimited day trades.
Time will tell. Either you're all boring shit for brains who won't be here in 2 years or ... not. I bet most of the accounts made this year (and GMEs price) will both be gone.

Remind me! 2 years
Long dated calls would yield more money and be the same game plan.
🥴
Bought in for around 15-16 before earnings, then bought more in the dip. Currently up 16% but its gamestop. Not exactly a sophisticated investment.
You about to have your big dick swinging in his face at your next get together
Real shit
An authoritarian communist govt has a problem with a monopoly? Yeah, ok. Clearly some deep shit is going on
It’s not an app, it’s game that my dad drew on paper for me.
[removed]
[deleted]
?
[deleted]
You really just made me watch a mr beast video...
KFC would have had a lot more success building a trading terminal that heats chicken.  

Who the fuck downvotes amateur porn. 
Bunch of chunky fucking spares, bro.
[removed]
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/Account_Ting the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
1 doesnt count as an option until theres a job offer. 2 sounds very good.
Better rule: do your own DD before investing your money
USA statistics - In 2019 40,000 people died in car crashes. So far in 2020 over 330,000 people have died with Covid, and countless more have health complications from it. Call it scaremongering if you want but it is very real.
Hmmm I wonder what I’m trying to do by posting this? Put some good thought on it ;)
I thought we were all paying 750.00 dollars this year. I thought that was the plan.
[deleted]
Like most people who aren’t broke at that age, he stated he inherited the 10k
I tend to believe humans don’t like to have nice things and always seem to fuck things up
Deaths are the wrong stat anyways. You need to be looking at hospitilizations. On top of that, would you be fine fucking your lungs up for the rest of your life so you could go eat out?
[deleted]
Can you tell when I started to tell that you started to tell that I started tell that you could tell I’m retarded?
With a 50 percent short lol
[deleted]
Yes I'm worse
People that annoy you:  . . . . . . .
The bulls are speaking Latin. That does it. I'm in you sonofabitch!
and those segments of the population have no interaction. cRaZy!
[deleted]
[removed]
Have you made any money on it or did you just get in?
Learn more about SPACs
[deleted]
[deleted]
Spinosaurus have a half circle shaped smooth back fin, stegosaurus have multiple jagged back fins like the image. Stegosaurus is correct
Female dating strategy mods downvoting everyone.
Upvote for GME mention. You’re a smart one aren’t you.. 🚀🚀
Your source didn’t outright say what you wanted it to. You just ‘read between the lines’.
[deleted]
[deleted]
🤦‍♂️
that was some old ass broad kindergarten teacher
I think if you check with a CPA you'll be happy.  And it was not in two years.
200k (£) with that I can buy enough property to have a passive income that surpasses my current annual income. Every year or so I’ll buy another property and effectively give myself a 5k pay rise each year
I was born unremarkable and I’ll die unremarkable.
So you're saying step 1 us to define our Personal Risk Tolerance
Santander is a massive financial conglomerate tho
Other subs are targeting and brigading this one lol.
I WILL NOT!
spy 666
Downvote party is on again or something?!?!!!?
I have way too many shares of Gamestop and it's embarrassing because my broker, a close family friend, runs my account
🚀🚀🚀
After 8 years I’m quitting my 6 fig job and doing what I want. If you have confidence in your skill set it should off sets the job security. I’ve wanted to quit for three years. Don’t wanna wake up in 30 years saying “I wish I had”
Like I know Turtle Beach HEAR is going to 35-40 (likely 50) but imma be pissed if it doesnt happen in the next 3 weeks
It’s worth the risk
An MBA is no good without ambition. Not really for job security. So if job security is what you're after, then the software job in a nice city is much better choice.
Read it again, it says I’m stupid. I just want moar gains
Move over toni sacconaghi, we got another apple analyst idiot in town
Go ask /u/DeepFuckingValue about the technical analysis of GME and then you'll learn bucko.
[removed]
Chicken is for women.
you failed to notice that young people never vote so all of the government is filled with old people who are scared of this disease because it affects them. old people vote for old people.
Female dating strategy sub.
It’ll moon for another week to suck in maximum WSBers
Best of luck ol'chap, keep the spread nice a tight and your morning will be forgiven.(YMMV)
[removed]
What trading app is this ?
Thanks
If you do something like that on your own you'll have much more to talk about on a first date my man
positions OP?
Thanks
Feel better. Glad you recognized ya needed the walk. Helps with perspective sometimes.
Appreciate you my dude. For an internet community that can be as toxic as wsb it’s also a surprisingly good support group lmao
$CRSR
Can’t you read? I said I was stupid
Too late for 4Million people relying on that unemployment tho. Sucks to be them.
What app is this ?
LVM right here, guys
[removed]
GUH
i dont care about my karma

downvote me
I’m 100% with you on this, wish I thought of the 230 12/31 play
Yup 1. spot price recovery 2. lightly floated stocks. I'd say buy at least June or later.
Thanks /u/BananaReturns , I am an unknown poster to you and I also think MSFT goes to the moon with their rocketships as well.  

Excellent DD, we are not in the same room trying to pump and dump options on autistics.
French for private.
Nahh post Withrawls or ban. He prob started with 100k, doubled it, and withdrew initial. No fucking way he started with $450
[deleted]
Trump went after TikTok as revenge for TikTokers fucking up his rally ticket sales. It’s obvious everything the Mango does is based off him personally. Zoom isn’t the only company from China tracking and keeping our private info. Russia is doing it too on Facebook. But no one else attacked Trump. It’s all bullshit. Ban them all or stfu.
I don’t recognize this episode of the mandalorian
I’ve seen dozens of ARKG posts here the past few days.  Therefore, all stocks in ARKG are fucked.
Wait what the fuck is this real? I have msft leaps
Why not both.

My GME 🚀🚀🚀 

is Bigger 

My PLTR 🚀
Ty
I think he’s a South Pole elf
Ah yes the almighty weekend dow telling us GAP UP🚀🚀😩 praise be😫🙏
> Mostly wasted here....

Thank you.  Yeah, some of these rude comments are surprising but others have helped me so maybe I'll be able to return the favor to a few as well.
Pineapples
Well, I'm throwing more at gme on Monday. There is always money to be found somewhere for the gme cause.
I smell cap. Lets see a screenshot of your withdrawl's. Id bet my whole account he had like 100-200k already, made 100k profit, and pulled out his initial 100-200k. 

Thats what happens when you withdrawl with Robhinhoods charts, it affects the % gain by decreasing the initial investment. Just a way to manipulate it like this guy certainly did.
I think this pandemic is showing employers how easy it is to move talent offshore to cheaper countries. My company's beginning to look at India and Canada as places to start new teams
I'm fucking hyped right now. So whatever they are paying this woman, it's not enough.
It's a good buy for any day.
No one even wants to post cuz of the downvote bitches
Looks more like a spinosaurus
Bone in. Boneless is for spineless pussys.
I was awarded a patent for an immersive entertainment pod and wanted to run it by some gamers to get feedback on design/practicality
Imagine spending your Saturday night downvoting every comment in the weekend thread🤡
Phrases to be on the lookout for: “acted alone”. 

“History of [mental illness][radical views][hating T]”

“He worked at ATT until”

“His social indicated:”

“His social did not indicate:”

“He was such a quiet person. I was surprised to hear...”
I want seven figures NOW
Anyone else get super fucking triggered how your government is all like "**40k NEW COVID CASES REPORTED!!! 600 NEW DEATHS!** but never  thinks to include the age group that's affected? 


For a start of those 40k cases, 39,400 of them will survive, but of the 600 (1.5%) who do die, 597 (99.5%) of them will be over the age of 75.


It's just scaremongering bullshit at this point. The government and media want us all to believe that everyone is dying, of all age groups. It's so disingenuous.

I don't know what the reason is but the government wants us all living in fear for some reason. Statistically 99.5% of the entire population between the ages of new born and 45 have a 1/132,000 chance of dying from covid. 


Dying in a car crash are 1/106

Dying of sun stroke are 1/7,770

Dying from dog attack are 1/118,776.


Sorry for the rant but I hate how deceiving the government is being.
He definitely thinks he is
I think I’ve seen this one already
Well, this worked out.
Anti trust in US = bullish
Anti trust in CCP= bearish
being over leveraged in $GME is just the right amount of leverage

  💎
Spy leaps 2023?
[deleted]
No he doesn't. It's owned by Elon.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/X.com
$ZM https://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/kklxzg/zoom_shared_us_user_data_with_beijing/
I think I am smarter than you, yes. After all the price movements and Q4 revenues based on console sales are kind of known information. This isn't fascinating but either all of you doubt your decisions so much you must echo it or you have literally no ability to do research anywhere else and so you can't talk about anything else and this makes you feel included.

I don't care which but fuck all of you for this nonsense. Get a brain. Please.
Yeah I like to illustrate my thinking
you will get them next year chammp
401k has a 19500 limit, all IRAs have 6000 total limit. Would love to be proven wrong but pretty sure I’m right. Not sure how you contributed over 200k in 2 years, unless somehow it was a rollover?
Nice. If I had a girl I'd go do something like that with her as well.
What’s the Bull thesis now that S and P bought? Their PE is like 1300
[deleted]
Almost makes you wish for more disasters...
OTM covered call and puts... 20$ puts, 35/40$ calls...

You do that week after week... collect, pay for your shares... keep gaining, buy more shares get leaps calls as well... my play
[deleted]
No. I’m providing official sources with info that pertain to a lot of people of this sub. You’re just giving an opinion
Like $800 round trip from EU
[deleted]
I think one of my favourite parts of all of this is their reviews on google lol. Just a bunch of people explaining how they lost money on GME with 1 star reviews.
Stimmy talks going well... again. lol.
Great, a few more days for my 1/15 to print
The best 10 year plan may very well be to buy ARKG and then forget you have a broker account for about 10 years.
Almost *verysmart*
LOL!  I think you're right.  I just switched it to u/sir_jack_a_lot which I think is right.
[deleted]
[deleted]
NKLA is vaporware with a former CEO selling all his shares.... not really same thing
Tell them you're going to Wendy's. And then go hang out behind Wendy's, know what I'm saying.
Why is #1 not best in long term? If its your passion do it. Im an engineer and get treated like a Queen at work. Plus I have years upon years of job security. 👍

And i love what i do.
Do you want to use the mba or are you thinking about it just to tick the box on the resume? If all you want to do is code shit then skip it. If you want to be running teams or a business then get it.
Cheesy bread or bust
I've been watching it tank and wanting to get back in... rode it up from 20/sh back in March. Not really sure why it sold off so hard, eventually people will realize this mRNA approach can work on other shit
[removed]
CRISPR technology yes. All sequencing tech is in halt, 10X genomics is slowly advancing the field.
Analyzing the chart I’d say he had fun 3 times. So yes
Sir\_Jacks\_Alot didn't post or do the original DD on STIC, he just saw someone elses DD post a couple days ago and went all in on it, then that dude deleted the DD and his account so Sir\_Jacks\_Alot made another far worse dd post letting people know about it. I know because I saw the original post and still have a tab of it open on my computer as I was going to buy some as well.
Exactly man. Orange man is the Republican Party now.
[deleted]
Mastercard put out a report saying Christmas sales crushed (Reuters)
It’s a meme stock and it’s a hell of a long time to hold a stock that is that much volatile... we gain over 5% on the simple renewal of contracts... imagine what happens if we start getting more and more new commercial contracts... 50$ is not that far... would it stay there? Probably not however on a term that long that’s not a bet i’m willing to take
I imagine you think you are smart which is hilarious.
Daddys Home 2 is catching up in our house but Christmas Vacation is still #1!
[removed]
[deleted]
Actually, I believe you can do individual accounts in addition to company accounts.
I feel like I wouldnt be retarded enough as a 28 year old to dump all my money into stocks, will report back in 10 years.
27 eow, lots of buying before the years over, 35-50 by mid next year
This comment makes me just want to buy more.
Dude, we could be twins.
https://www.reddit.com/user/GreenFuturesMatter/comments/kkssyi/lung_bleb/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf

There’s an actual picture of my left lung with a bleb they cut out and repaired. If your curious. If you ever were curious what weed does to your lungs.. does it blacken them... I’m here to say no. Cigs though.... that will fucking kill you or give you COPD
[deleted]
Being home from the holidays sucks when you have strict south asian parents who just can't loosen their grip.
[deleted]
Spikes of false hope 😂
Congrats RK, been with you since early on. I only hope I can one day be even as half as legendary as you are. Couldn't have happened to a cooler guy. Tell us peasants how the rich life is.
How much was a flight out there
[deleted]
Really??  I was just looking up travel guidelines there.

Looks to be mostly open.  Where are you heading?

I'll be down there mid January
[deleted]
“Useless”. Looks anything but...
Low Iv and current price makes leaps very desirable.
Ban
[deleted]
Nope short it
TSLA gonna be 740$ EOY
[deleted]
Bro, MBAs are so last decade, overrated. I’d say do what makes you happy and also don’t forget to fuck as much as possible
Idk, I think a top 15 program would.
Well fuck, I have to go to the range at 930AM. Which means I won’t be naked in my bed doing my traditional. F
[deleted]
I'll have a look thanks
Alright anyone balls deep in MRNA?
Very cool dude
No uh 🙄
[removed]
Everything kept talking about AMZN sales data today, did it happen?
GME  **🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀**
I made a rule for myself to only put 10% of my portfolio into options. ICLN made me break this rule
[deleted]
You better buy her a candle or something to make up for it
YUP!

only boomers never sell, they get in, get that 20% jump after a couple weeks perhaps, then hold for the next 5 years earning maybe 5-8% over that...

this guy gets that pump, gets out to the next big thing
He's just posturing
Nice man, have a drink for me
MBA means nothing without relevant experience. I've seen people get judged for having an MBA without proper experience. 

Make sure it's clear you got it to progress your career, not just because it was there and free.
How are companies allowed to report quarterly earnings like 3 fucking months after quarter end that should b fucking illegal
You seem pretty smart.
Fair.  At 190 I die over 80 in one bite 😂 max 120 in one sitting
PLTR will be ripping on Monday boys

^ripping ^all ^of ^our ^assholes
I mean maybe throughout history however there have been several police executed this year which wasn’t done by right wingers. I’m not sure that I agree that it’s always a right wing person doing a lone wolf shooting or bombing. Timothy mcveigh? Ted kuzinsky? Columbine? The Dayton OH shooter that had Elizabeth warren on his Facebook? 9/11 lol? I’m sure there are examples on both sides
I need some Dutch friends lol
Oooooo. Someone missed the boat on EV autonomous tech stocks, so they use autodriving tech to set off a bomb and scare a sell off to buy in. One week it will be discovered lidar components and some AI were involved.
Bet the farm 🚀
Down vote me bitch
Still easier to get than a PS5.
Don’t cheat on PLTR like that... what did she ever do to you? You obviously have to treat your hoes, I mean stocks, with equal fairness. So half the time you get hard to PLTR and the other half to GME. But don’t make PLTR the side hoe because she will get you back for it!
For me, it’s flexing on Instagram 😂
I legitimately don't get it. Every retarded thing trump says he's going to do, he does. He's now been choreographing that he's going to do whatever is within his power to not leave but everyone thinks it's a joke.
🤞
[removed]
walking with air pods coffee nicotine is my therapy
[removed]
Yes
Go with 2.
vaccine priority

1)essential health care workers

2)grama and gramps

.

.

.

.

679) wsb down voters
That's a real flamethrower he says...
I’m balls deep in
Yeah. Mostly do drugs, but also try to do other stuff is the name of my game.
Yes
So how does the market react to govt shutdowns? This can’t be good
Sad bears downvoting
Thanks bro.

All in on PLTR after hearing full cut.
Good advice. Mostly wasted here but maybe one or two people will learn something.
Money can buy pleasure, but not happiness directly.  
For me, it is also the freedom.

Freedom to live anywhere you want, or to only work jobs that are fulfilling, to increase your quality of life.

Money revolves nearly everything we do in life, like or it not.
You mean you didn't?
Republican leadership have already abandoned this effort / their support. It’s not a risk
The first one. Easier for established employees to get promoted over some college kid with an mba.
Well played brother.
shhhh...let the retard u/hoopaholik91 live in his fantasy land and poor house lol
I wish I was here back then, sounds fun.
If you don’t have stuff outside of work your into like hobbies do what will be more fulfilling
Was very tempted to award you for the meme, but i was disappoint you made it so short. This entire sequence should have been used and dates or chart points superimposed on each limb slash.
I would but markets are closed.
Interesting ETF thanks
Took my favourite sitcom scene to create a meme.

If you didn't, you must watch "Seinfeld". Best sitcom ever!
Imagine not being an Anglo Saxon smh.
We’re on Discord now.
Yeah so in short, my lungs developed a bleb.
 If you imagine your lungs like a latex ballon and then when it’s fully expanded you push your finger in and stretch it out enough that the actual balloon gets loose on deflation in just that area? That’s what happened. So I would be smoking or even exercising vigorously, breathing to hard or just coughing a little rough, that spot would just rupture and then my lungs would collapse because air was escaping and creating a gravity effect inside my chest. Worst pain I’ve ever felt.

They just glued my lungs to my chest 99% chance it won’t happen again. So they say. My lung capacity has been affected. I’d have to exercise to regain a more normal amount of breathing. It’s not a lack of oxygen thing it’s just I can’t breathe in super deep anymore and push that far because I lost that capacity. 

Say you breathe 70% exchange, I’m doing like 65% if I exercised I could get it back.
[deleted]
[deleted]
From the outside perspective you clearly pic #1.
Me personally would clearly pick the one that makes me miserable for the idea of job security.
Saying baba is like LK... lmao
Again give us the PT
[deleted]
Gme
go for happiness!
36 hours and I'll be chilling in Costa Rica, can't wait.
Was feeling depressed as fuck and went for a walk with some tunes and a cup of coffee. Helped a lot boys. Don’t just sit on your ass and wallow in it. Do things that feel good besides drugs

And you can do drugs too so
Bruh I know North and South America are separate continents.
Pretend it doesn’t exist.
work is work. you learn to be happy once you get into stonks and find a women that fits you best bro.. GO FOR THE TENDDIES
Anybody a hardcore gamer or e-sports player in here?
Username checks out and you answered your own counter argument  last statement.  Theta is a bitch.  Buy and hold and ride the prolonged recessions
The MBA grind doesn't guarantee job security bro
That Sir Jack a lot you tagged is a naughty version ahaha
Classic
Yeah freedom is a big one. Also security. With enough money you don' thave to worry too much about survival, career, status, etc. 

I think I wouldn't change too much today though with Covid. I already just buy random things that I want, and I don't worry too much about money. I think it would ease my anxiety about not being or having enough. If you have money it doesn't really matter if your not killing it in your career, or you have a setback. Youre still fine.
That’s some very solid DD sir, maybe Cohen will buy more stocks after watching this. You should definitely get this to him somehow! GME to the moon and beyond!!🚀🚀🚀
Because WSB ist actually big enough to cause huge movements in small caps should a DD gain any traction.   
We had that some moons ago, the DD dude pumped a small cap hard, made thousands and left. SEC investigations did happen multiple times AFAIK
If you want to buy BABA dip but don’t want to risk too much buy ADRE. My secret gem check out the allocation. One of my favorite ETF
*gaping
🎁🎄
Ban
JOE MAMA
Don't worry. 5k will mean nothing soon enough.
Star Wars, original trilogy.  Great for Xmas
Wallstreetbets 2020 Recap:

* [We soared past 1B page views anally](http://i.imgur.com/rWoGs82.png) (1.35 billion!!)

My, that's a lot of anal.
I’ve got some 1/8 $220c and feb $225c for er.
I know this will blow your mind but you can actually be both. Bull short-term, bear-long term or vice versa. I know, more complicated than your poor brain can handle, I'm certain. The shorts do not care, they don't, in fact if nothing else they'll just add to the short position as it goes up because they make even more money when their thesis holds and it will drop. They don't "sweat" because it's like being long on the stock; if you have a down day but you have the uptrend you're fine.

TL;DR: A sub not made for 1 million people has 1 million people in it with about 5% at most knowing what any of this really means.
IRS: oh okay we are sorry good sir you are good to go.
tf did I do
I have this on my radar also.  1/15 might be a little too close tho.
[deleted]
Fuck Melvin and his gay bearness
He actually makes money from smart investments. He was relatively well off before he started his movie career.
I'm at a crossroads rn. 

1) Do what makes me happy and go get a software engineering job in a city I really enjoy

2) Do a MBA program through my current company. It'll be lots of work but it's a top MBA.

1 will make me happy, but not be the best in the long term. 2 will make me miserable but will provide me with job security for years. What do you think?
Yeah same here, but I'm guessing when all is said and done, I'll be at 0% lol. But I hope I'm wrong.
To sell a call is not gay! It is the path to tendies!
I'm basically broken even, just wanted to show beginniners like myself why penny stocks is a bad idea. I'd have been gaining at least 50% if it wasn't for the penny stocks I traded.
Ha Hah Hah Hah Hah Hah Hah Hah Hah
We’re gapping up Monday right guys?
Sir, this is a casino
You can't just train medical staff like that. In the beginning they had to pull people out of retirement and borrow from other parts of the country.
“Please don’t ban me”

Fuck you
im sorry to hear that.
It feels like WSB has been pumping🚀🚀 $GME hard over this week.. with all of the talk about shorts possibly being fined on Monday this thing might moon come tuesday I would wanna be in for those juicy tendies! 💎🙌🏻 to $50!
Understood, 1/15 35c
fair you wrote smh, but you also learned something i know
health.
Mango man is the ultimate FAANG gay bear. Gonna load up on the Monday dip.
This is a modern day Picasso...except a slightly more retarded version.
Everything is getting downvotes right now.

Although, every comment is stupid.

Hard to tell.
Pltr = next fb
Ya that's my aim would be to buy back my position around the 6th for this exact reason
[deleted]
?????
Definitely be freeing.
Same
Down down downnnnnnnnnnn
You retards keep ignoring this giant fucking market risk thats been obvious for 2 months. Reminds me of corona virus in January and February.

https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/1342974377218994181?s=21
Whatever makes you happy

Whatever you want
I know we’re not allowed to say this on Reddit but I’m not really convinced that hospitals are actually physically out of space like the news is saying. I have a friend who works in a hospital and he said because of covid their maximum capacity is 75% of what it would usually be, calling it maximum. And also that they are typically operating 50-75% capacity in a normal flu season
For me it's hookers and blow

I'm talking blue chips hookers of course
Theta rapes two young studs
This is nothing. Sorry man.
Poor ass gang reporting in. Holding my 82 shares to the moon and beyond.
Think or swim 🏊‍♂️
Maybe. But that's how market is, you can never know for sure if it will work out, even if stonk seems promising.

Diversify with few promising positions to make sure you're green even if one of them shits the bed despite predictions. I just bought NVDA dip, but I don't trust it with more than 15% of my portfolio.
Fuck my protection. Theres no slot machine limits at the casino. If I wanna gamble let me gamble. So some people lost a lot....how many successful traders didn't go broke and die because of the dotcom bubble?
[deleted]
Remember that stupid sexy Karp is having a show about covid-19 1.7.2021 so that showcase isn't only catalyst at January
I honestly have no idea if you're a bear or long on GME?
Is PLTR going up or down?
I agree with you on that 100%, but I also think the right wingers are more prone to carry out lone wolf shootings and bombings. Mob violence def is a left wing thing.
[removed]
if there was such a community it shouldn't be advertised on this sub for obvious reasons
PLTR
[deleted]
Hard to make fun of people who don’t take themselves so seriously
Calls have been made and meetings set. If I’m moving out I’m moving UP. No lateral bullshit for more money (hopefully).
legend
Trying to be optimistic but have a feeling Monday will be red
[deleted]
Yes! I’m buying 500 shares
Bears are fucked, weekend Dow is sky rocketing!!
Yes get in, this is a great buy.
Could we get u/Jeffamazon in here lol. I love smart people all in one room together so us retards can learn.
Does us steel rocket now?
It's freedom.
I’m holding to 100% or 0%
15/1, 22/1. They have options in Europe?
What happiness direct 
Go to ur super car dealership 
Followed by the wine shop
Followed by some steak
Should have done both rather than printing money to prop up zombie corporations
But did he have fun?
pretty sure it can buy happiness directly
Smaller industrial manufacturer where he was hired as a shift assistant supervisor and got promoted to shift supervisor when the previous one left. He actually had zero industrial or supervisory experience at all but his family was friends with a guy that got brought in as assistant plant manager. The assistant plant manager lasted maybe 5 years and was quietly let go for inappropriate behavior directed toward a female employee in the sales dept. Dickwart lasted an additional 5 or 6 years. There were constant complaints of ineptitude and inappropriate behavior. He was finally let go  after he tried to fire a employee for shipping defective product after several employees had already went to the office independently and reported that he was making them ship the defective product.
Just being it of debt will make me happy. I feel like I have cement blocks on my shoes
Tesla puts. Next Exp. Holding over weekend. Pussy.
We did that already the extra support wasn't needed and hospitala still have never actually turned anyone away.
That’s great banter.
[deleted]
Elon fanboys are exhaustingly simpy
Fuckin' Scott Farkas
Booya the move to tech and I’m a tendies wielding, rocket riding, Tesla driving moron
Living in Ireland, American football only started being shown here a couple years ago. Watching the 49ers and cardinals now. Not sure how I feel about it, a much better sport than soccer but dosen’t beat rugby for me!
Where?
Indeed thx for taking a few for the team but you will be rewarded in due time. Well done sir/mam. Those share amounts in the pic are delicious
its like this every weekend
Mince pies aren’t worth the hype tbh.
The Adults
My god BLtcoin
You must get mistaken for a Texan a lot with your room temp IQ.
Holy everything in this thread is golden. Let's fucken GOOO  🚀  🚀  🚀  🚀  🚀
This is what's most likely gonna happen
[deleted]
Lol you’re getting scammed 😂
Please don’t tell me you’ve taken the bait 😩.
What's  your goal now?  To make it 5 million,  10 million???
No. It's a good commission free app for holding stocks though.
Whoa there rich guy alert
You a proper dumb you would rather have 600$ and rest money for Israel to buy missiles. Than to have 2k checks and money spent in American economy.
Game stop will be the next blockbuster. Pltr to the moon baby. Who tf goes to gamestop when they can get the same if not more videogames delivered in 2 days from prime, ordering it from the comfort of their shitter.
Fully with you on this one and it has global momentum not just Biden behind it. My take is that it will double by March 2021 and continue to soar. Enjoy.
I got 2.7k in the same options I feel like I shoulda sold 3-4 days back when my loss was minimal. Now I fear I'm gonna lose all of it. But still hoping
You might like FSKR
If you werent a 10 year old child you‘d know that youre supposed to throw salt on the cleared driveway to lower the freezing Point of water
I didn’t invest in her ETF, i invested in her Top 10 stocks directly using margin and my portfolio was up like 400% this year. Mainly driven by TSLA, but the others did really well too.
All i remembered was the guh, but the parts after it as he's trying to process it are actually the best
Ignore TA and fundamentals and do what the rest of us here do - base trades on meme potential. The WSB daily thread is the best place to do your research
[deleted]
Ain't no palestine chicken in that fridge.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Yeah that’s his second personality
All I look at on reddit is wallstreetbets and sexy girls on tiktok. I love it.
Say that again but slower.
You aren’t trying hard enough
[deleted]
I'm still buying NIO and I'm not selling BABA, no scare tactics. Just a little spooked - no one knows how MOFCOM works. No one on here especially.
No it’s not weird! I secretly root for packers whenever they’re in and we’re not
I fucking wish people were required to take classes on basics like short-selling. This shit just sounds so stupid and it's every-fucking-day. Every day. God.
Eurasia isn’t a continent - it’s two different names out together. America is one name for one land mass.
You shouldn't be allowed to buy mince pies much less firearms. The world is a safer place with you there.
You're so fucking special, I wish i was special
Still have a couple days. 💎💎👏👏
cringe
What if instead of forcing the economy to close down and then having to give stimulus to the unemployed and small businesses, why haven't we been giving money to hospitals so they can expand capacity?We should have kept the economy open, let this ride out but make sure we have the room to survive the fallout. More money for more ICU beds, more staff. We could have been training staff this entire time and expanding hospitals.

Instead we create this artificial shut down and give stimulus meanwhile hospitals in some states are still getting overrun.

Or is that retarded
I know these are boomer companies but I think a good investment is to buy auto manufacturers stocks. With the advancement of autonomous vehicles car manufacturers will have the opportunity to switch their business models. They will be able to essentially sell vehicle subscriptions. They can also essentially cut out the ride sharing companies and offer essentially their own fleets of ride sharing vehicles. Car manufacturers are already offering car insurance. With a subscription based service to a car they can package their insurance and car maintenance cutting out the need for consumers to continue to servicing their cars and making traditional car ownership a thing of the past.
I’m only just starting out and can buy about 13 shares so hopefully this does take off so I can eventually invest more
God speed brother
Is it weird to be rooting for you guys as a lions fan? I'm too jaded to care about rivalry any more
That's what happens when reality is more fucked up that anything they can think up.
No, he's Roaring Kitty
I dont think you realize that this didnt even squeeze.
Yep I love me my F Agg O T plays. Hope they work out 🤞🤞
[deleted]
What’s the ticker?  I don’t see it.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Lmao I saw that and was like “the markets not even open”
elon?
Bow in the presence of greatness. 🎶
I fear SPY will cap at 330 again soon
[deleted]
No gay bear downvote parade today?
[deleted]
I hope so. I got like 15K
Worth of shares
Balls of steel with that pltr 41 call you have.

Cha-ching 💰 🤑 💸 💲 💶 💵
HEAR 1/15 $30 call is where it's at, it's trading way under P/E of it's peers
Remember when shit was wild in February last year, SPCE had just started its journey, we were amazing ATH and growing like crazy. SPY capped at like 330 then.
[deleted]
Damn be careful I mean is there any residual effects from the surgery? And I ever heard of anyone dying from weed but I seen people get massive panic attacks. I been on a 30 day break from weed cuz I got a drug test Thursday but I can’t WAIT to drink this weed cold brew I got
Good luck brother 😎
I.am.like the OP except I have 1/2 of.what he has.
you know, instead of insulting me you can just link me to the Continent section on wikipedia that says there are actually multiple ways to arrange the number of continents we have

TIL, ty. also, you are wrong because it can be either.

If anything, combining Europe and Asia makes more sense than SA and NA.... (which is one of the various models btw).

I can easily see Europe and Asia being one big puzzle piece from Pangea, while SA and NA are two separate...
not ruling it out, makes me terrified to have any open positions though
You actually believe this or is it a 4chan larp?
Whoever is in here downvoting everything, please go be with your family. They’re worried about you…
YOU ALREADY KNOW BABY!
Yep, the only time I'm purposely playing overnight is throwing a bit of money at yolo puts on overextended stocks.
Well sir, this *is* a casino after all
50c 3/19/21
Funny as I am tempted to buy 12/31 puts Monday morning based on some chart stuff. Still need a confirmation though, could very well break out of this channel, may just have a lolvolume week though as well and not go anywhere.
I'm sure you can find the dog a better household.
hypebeast clothing is simultaneously incredibly unique from one another and the exact same thing. hype beast "i sold weed for a year & do coke" fuck boys all look the exact same. it's like anime girls. no, you're not unique you're lame.
Football
[deleted]
Asking for an autist friend. Why is the difference between the float and outstanding so large? Who owns the rest of the GME shares?
Probably many got some ass whooping because they made their family buy at Thanksgiving
[removed]
Every chicago sports fan is atm
So what will US Steel switch to?
duh bruh, so is everyone one here. Need that fix
Everyone deserves to feel excitement about that. We get to feel good. Bad shit is happening literally all the time. That's 5k to help with mental health costs or other financial stresses.
ICLN 1/15 30c printing or nah
yes
That's healthy adrenaline selling puts on a blue chip like baba.
You would think sending your kid to rehab for their addiction (after they've been drugged up by a homeless person) would be any better, right? Nope! 

Yea i have a lot of stories....
You can only contribute 6k a year to ALL IRA accounts, not each.
[Fix your bot. I misspelled the and fixed it sheesh](https://i.imgur.com/mq1MXYw.jpg)
Tbh, both sides are on the spectrum
With baba ? Guh
they all end with the letter a as well, except europa
[deleted]
>my dad grew up poor selling donuts on the side of the road before school. Now that he's a millionaire he wanted us to experience the same so after getting spoiled by our mom as kids we got the boot at 18 with zero help with anything


A similar line of thinking is pretty common amongst the lower working classes in the UK - I know many people who had to pay rent to their parents upon turning 18. I understand some families have legitimate money troubles and thus they want their kid to help but this really hinders their growth for some (e.g. plans to go to university but now they spend the year studying and working, get lower grades) - if you look at the culturally and economically 'middle class' families here they usually try to give the biggest advantage for their kids that they can.
Eurasia is literally one continent - saying Europe is separate from Asia is a social construct. That shit is more narrow on the Iberian peninsula and nobody's saying Spain/Portugal is a separate continent from Europe. Same plate tectonics for Europe and Asia.

North and South America are separate continents just like Africa and Eurasia. Nobody cares that they're connected by a narrow strip of land or divided by a canal.
Medical
ARKG + ARKF

If Tesla goes down 20% it's just 2 percent don't stress Tesla.
“Pain”
(Ctrl + C, Ctrl + V) * 10
Anybody have any ideas of what caused PACB’s recent run?
Ryan Cohen cometh and giveth in this thread damn
[deleted]
I’m gay for CJ Beathard
Sounds like you’re mad you didn’t get an invite 😝
I hate Christmas time TV, choose from Die hard, Elf, Home alone, Harry Potter and Indiana Jones
Lol imagine thinking I can buy guns. I live in England not Texas.
I saw things I can’t unsee...
[deleted]
Youtube. They’ll draw pretty pictures and explain it slowly
I dont know how people watch cbs. This news is designed to scare.
Puts on your spelling, calls on your message.
If it dips, yes. Its a long hold till merger announcement date. Then it’ll pop. But look for support.
[removed]
Dude yeah. The body high from mushies is similar I’d agree. I just recall drinking like 1/3rd of that 500mg bottle and I was ready to jump out my skin and dip. Sitting there trying to eat my food and I’m like “Bruhhhhhhhhhhhh I need to remember how to breathe.” That shit fucks me up because I had lungs surgery on both lungs at 18. It’s been 7yrs but it give me anxiety and then I start hyper focusing on breathing, then I get concerned I’m gonna die.

Fuck it, still smoke though 😂
Babylon Bee has been crushing it lately
What is JOE?
it's about connecting with the people you love
WSB - it's like if you gave a bloomberg terminal to barney the fucking dinosaur.
16-17
I’m in the exact same boat - my plan is increase my option proportions for GME. For PLTR, reduce options but keep the shares
Or you caught it working the street corner
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
Lmao this guy. Did you just wander in here from /r/investing?
That’s why I never bet division games, always toss ups
😝
Sticky
[deleted]
And yet people like you are allowed to drive, buy guns, and vote.

Puts on society at large.
I wonder if the CEO walks around the headquarters with a coffeecup that says 'OMNICHANNEL' on it?

Btw if you want to be OMNICHANNEL apparently [they are hiring](https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/manager-omnichannel-operations-and-customer-advocacy-at-gamestop-2341938470).
If y’all ever go to mcdonald’s, only get McChickens. 1 big mac is the same price as 5 mcchickens.
12/17/2021 120 or 125’s
MT 1/29 25C
Fuck it...I’m leveraged with the Jan 30/35C spreads. I’m retarded but not autistic...yet. 

I also have CSP and 20C...I’m all over the place but it’s exciting...
holly shit how did I miss that!
Spelling and grammar goes a long way.  And I disagree: this place has always been about results, not good feels.
yes.. you guess the time the direction changes you fucking moron

if you're wrong, average down or do something to hedge. and dont play retard stocks, find stuff with good supports.

you dont understand how options works my friend, no big difference from daytrading AAPL for a 1% gain while it was in that channel for the past 5 months with options or stock, just the payout is more with options. however, stocks u can hold long if ur trade goes south, not with options. so just adjust bankroll accordingly -.-
Next best thing to Artillery Ears
If it follows its usual chart pattern I would’ve thought a sharp drop is incoming soon before it ramps back up
Trust me I don't want to give up my warrants. I've been pumped for it. I'm going to try and think of a way to fix it by monday
I don't doubt your intentions but your logic is quite flawed. My saying that the change of season, and the vaccine together will lead to a rosey picture and the end of covid is not the same as people LAST spring saying the summer would end covid, going into a flu season, WITHOUT  a vaccine.

The military "getting involved" versus "enforcing guidelines" are two different things. That's just word games, though. 

Doug Ford. That is all.
Suck my ass see if you taste or smell
The whole Paul McCartney died and they found a look alike thing?
I got 600 mg ones
You can still get 320kbps on spotify. Good enough for most stuff
My countries eduction is about to get Brexited so I’ll have to wait.
[deleted]
Yes. Lots of hype. My guess is push to 20 then a pull back to 16 before making a push to 30 pre vote
[removed]
Probably at my local grocery store or a nearby 7eleven.
You forgot to add an extra 🚀
Is it Monday yet fuck
Why I'm extremely bullish on ICLN and why you should be too

Feel free to comment on what price you expect it to be at by EOY 2021

* The strong and growing renewable energy trend is supported by Speedy Joe Buyden’s climate policies, increased global adoptions, and cheaper renewable electricity costs
* COVID-19 further pushed ESG conscious investors to sustainable investments
* ICLN may be the best ETF to capture the growing renewable energy trend (lowest cost entry, high trading volume)
* The fund comprises renewable energy market leaders and WSB fan favorites: Plug Power, Enphase Energy, and Meridian Energy
* ICLN is up almost 300% since hitting a bottom in March
* Expect it to continue climbing higher as we move into 2021 and 4 years of Speedy Joe

ICLN GANG RISE UP
[deleted]
Andrew Yang going to win NYC mayor, he’s neither a Democrat nor a Republican IMO
RK aka BFV gave me coins, so i gave you an award for this nice graph. Bravo
Well, I mean you are a millionaire so I think you can forgive yourself someday.
[removed]
Bring back Weekly World News
[removed]
When is nio day
oh god the Wonder Woman plot is soooooo lame.
[removed]
Privet eh?
UPVOTE EVERYTHING
Right well when they do there's literally no reason for them to use a SPAC
No doubt! It’s a great stock and company that isn’t going anywhere
My january T calls r **fuk**
[deleted]
Bruh...
This is important. Thank you for reminding everyone we’re here for the casino.
EU education my lord
[deleted]
10 calls, I took delivery. Most have always been on shares.
You can convert your shares to Hong Kong stock exchange and it’s still the same thing retard . Institutions all hold the American ADR. Brokerages will convert your shares for you. 8 Hong Kong shares for every ADR share of alibaba. Lots of shorts fearmongering on Reddit .
I bet they don’t teach you that in your American freedom schools huh, smh.
Leatherman multitools.
Whats this from?
That’s why I wouldaalways hit them with a dick pic and say show me them titties, worked a lot more than I thought it would
[deleted]
It’s like you’re in the room.
I used to think hype clothes were cool. 

Then I started making real money and realized that only poor and stupid people waste their money on Off-white
I went into GameStop and bought their entire stock of Pokémon funko pop things. Whatever they’re called don’t know. For like $30, literally makes no sense how they’re making money
Why would you be investing in an etf in 2020 lol , you get better returns with every other stock.
Oof
Who ready for mango to get 4 more years January 6th
I mean, it sucks you lost 80% of your port but you can recover from this. Take a 2 week break and come back. You can turn that 2k back to 10k in no time if you make some none retarded trades.
How’s you catch it?
[deleted]
are RIOT call holders the paper hand emperors? You know they're buying but you never see any gain porn
You will be enjoying 4 more years of mango
You silly silly boy. You definently buy weeklies don't you.
[deleted]
Cathie woods made 10 years worth of SPY returns in 2020.
When I was that age, I did paper trading as part of a finance class to satisfy some math credits. Could always try it at home. Have them check on a paper trading account, watch the numbers and the history move, and learn what it means. Maybe they’ll start forming their own questions to seek answers to.

Webull offers paper trading, but I did it on Yahoo Finance back then.
[deleted]
Looks like theta decay destroyed you
Wow where did everyone go The thread has the Volume of a Toshiba television
Gold
Yeah for like 5 decades until recently
[deleted]
U hate money?
I think I finally got covid. Had all the symptoms the past couple of days and I haven't been able to smell anything. Can still taste though. 

Feeling better now (day 5). Wasn't that bad tbh. 
Could've just been the flu but I still can't smell.
At least we have a target age
Have plenty. Concerned only about mobile for speculation plays only.
This is genius thank you retard
Instead of 50/50 NIO PLTR.  Gonna do 33/33/33 on NIO PLTR RIOT come Monday.
[deleted]
60% if you use margin 🚀
If she can do 30% average returns for 100 years , no one would need to daytrade , everyone would just buy her etf and just call it a day.
Wait, is nm legal now?
Tits or gtfo.
I'm doubling down tomorrow
Not much of a trader, but I bought 30 shares of Amd for about 3.10 back in 2016 for shits and giggles and I've still been sitting on them. I had access to another 1k I could of invested, but spent it on going out with friends and shit. Every once in a while I do the math and think about how much I missed out on 😂
Yep, nothing wild.  I felt "unsexy" was the best way to describe.  My main mistake from 2020 was being too much in cash at times vs invested.
2775 shares deep with 17k$ of that on margin. Time to make some deposits 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Nah North and South are just Geographical aspects of the same land mass. The continents are called America, not “North” or “South”. An Argentinian and Canadian are both still American like a Brit and a Greek are both still European.
[removed]
True. If the stuff you're familiar with is volatile rn and you're into options then overnight could fuck you up hard
Is it MilliVanilli?
I yolo'd GME for the tendies you should do more to.
Nope
In a rational market, yes. 

So no.
[deleted]
[removed]
12/28
[deleted]
I believe so.
I’m game. What is it
Looks like this is only up 0.87% all time?
Maybe
Lol the THC drinks hit different than even edibles IMO but I love it. They’re almost a simile high to mushrooms in a way w/o the stomach ache
Good good, well don't mind me. I'm on an upvote diet, got too many imaginary points and I need to unload a few.
what?

edit: moving my reply up here to educate the youth

&#x200B;

 

you know, instead of insulting me you can just link me to the Continent section on wikipedia that says there are actually multiple ways to arrange the number of continents we have

TIL, ty. also, you are wrong because it can be either.

If anything, combining Europe and Asia makes more sense than SA and NA.... (which is one of the various models btw).

I can easily see Europe and Asia being one big puzzle piece from Pangea, while SA and NA are two separate...
chamath trying to start a third party

[https://twitter.com/chamath/status/1342929598904844288](https://twitter.com/chamath/status/1342929598904844288)

we will call it stonkpublicrats

(he's actually serious, said hes willing to put a few billion down towards this)
I doubt you make the kind of money needed to be at 50% income tax. If you are, then account for tax before pulling out half (meaning if you made $100, you will owe $50, and have $50 left, so pull out half of that, $25.
Yes
Sold TSLA at 580 and SQ at 190 to buy BA at 240, why am I so fucking retarded
Unless he works at Wendy’s
This is retarded. I know because my MSFT call positions went from 15k in value to about the value of OPs account in September.
Tell me
Nobody tell him.
i am a masochist

the more you downvote me the more pleasure i get
There was a post on Reddit homepage asking for ppl that worked for dating apps using data. Basically they said 85% of the interactions are guys with one word intro “hey” and no response. You really got to switch up what you’re saying with the corny retarded intro “hey” otherwise you just get buried with all the other corny retards
[You rn](https://youtu.be/SDBRGn1-2l8)
Mango pleas stop my calls don’t need this
[deleted]
Agreed.. Joe Rogan and Adam Carolla are the most popular unfunny comedians :P
I actually was one of the retards, I bought at $92 only to realize pretty quickly what I had done after some research, sold at $82 and didn't look back. FOMO is a bitch man
Mara going to Mars
...do we really look like the type of people that can see the future?
[deleted]
Anything between -50% and 500% gains could’ve easily just been achieved with boomer stocks. 50% gain isn’t remarkable at all.
"lmao"

I have had a lot of fun with this stock. 6 figures thus far. Playing it has been great but we are nearing a point where its going to go back to 15-20 and stay there. 

I also respect your views on virology a lot, who wouldn't
[deleted]
yea
But doesn’t buying calls cause mm to buy shares to hedge gamma?
Dr Parik Patel has your back on the bullish TSLA DD
Somebody soiled their panties this morning...
Its bft u fucking retard. Big fucking tendies
No AT&T network/internet around Nashville area for more than 45 hours ! Puts on AT&T
Have you tried the seared then oven and then finish with the butter/basting after taken from oven?
[removed]
Any former Club Kids in here?
Because their a dumbshit. Every other post was telling everyone to buy shares or calls at least out to January.
This is so wrong that for a brief moment I literally hated you. We're cool now though.
When does amazon report their Christmas numbers?
[removed]
North America and South America start with N and S respectively. Spells out NASA. $SPCE to the moon.
~~Word on the unifi network! Hopefully they can finally get a full security system in play. Got the d-bells and shit.~~

I'm a fucking dumbass. 

Why are you so optimistic? Just wanted to hear your DD.
I mean... everyone said it would be over in the summer because of the change of seasons. That obviously didn’t happen.

You don’t think the military will get involved? 

IIRC, Doug Ford already called on them to help distribute the vaccine.
...this aged well lol
Pretty retarded, but not full retard. I have a 100 contract debit spread so my losses are limited.  Max risk 3800, max reward 42600.
This is how I can see it going:

&#x200B;

Trevor Milton: lol sorry guys it was all a scam (sitting on $1+ billion dollars net worth from his scam IPO SPAC)

&#x200B;

SEC: Yeah you're gonna need to pay a $50 million dollar fine for those actions my friend.

&#x200B;

Trevor Milton: ahhh shit alright fine, I guess I learned my lesson (walks away with $950 million cuz SEC fines are a joke)
Will be fueling our ship with another 5g on Monday
The daily volume and the open interest on the options chains for these is dangerously low on most of these. You have been warned.
So 23%. Okay. I expected that.
[deleted]
Idk too much money might be the problem when it comes to satire
6.
Dude I remember when the syrup came out and I took 4 lines and was totaled all day. I went out to breakfast with my ex at the time and I was so damn anxious from being so high. My girl claimed I was hot for the waiter. (Good looking but not even interested nor do I care about other females when I’m in a relationship) I was like noooo bitch this syrup has me fucking wreaked. I’m so fucking high and we’re in public. I’m thinking about how the fuck I have to squeeze out of tight as fuck parallel parking when I’m arguably top 10 most lit I’ve ever been.
Mate it’s the same continent.
*less than a week
why
**All of the time
You be up in mine checking through my cell phone baby no
You wanna kill the vibe on another night
Here's another fight oh here we go**
That's the joke.
Trade sideways again 🌚
Sometimes all you want is a slice
[deleted]
Hey retard you forgot North and South America - both do not start with A
covered calls
I think you just summarised my post much better than I did!!
wym by squeeze
Mango rage tweeting. Bullish
Positions or ban.
The GOAT
Yes and Warren Buffet bought a ton of it in Q2
[removed]
So you melt the snow with a flamethrower, but what happens to the water? I think I’d rather have snow than ice unless I’m a 10 year old child defending my house from wet bandits.
lmao the company never functioned. how can anyone besides a meme/FOMO swing trader legitimately buy nikola stock still? it baffles me for real.
Damn crazy to think that if you were selling drugs on Silk Road 5-10 years ago, there’s a good chance you’d be a multi millionaire now.
Anyone else in a fantasy championship tonight?
Those rules are for your protection. Buy and hold long term outperforms your gamble addiction quite easily.
Hard to compete with the budgets of CNN/MSNBC
[deleted]
You have to open with asking her whether she wants you to grab her butt or feed her tacos first. Treating them thots like respectable humans creeps them out.
Damn you didn’t even get to cashapp her
I always knew i'd face the question of which gay dad i'd love more 🤔

Is CRSP the hot donor mom who I can't keep my eyes off?
Direct listing? Maxing out all my credit cards and YOLOING my parents retirement money.
Why is it that every continent starts with the letter A except Europe? Starting to feel a little bearish tbh.
I had one but somehow accidently awarded the comment /u/twat_muncher was replying to. Next level retardation.
I'm selling 3 CSPs and then buying 300 shares.
List their names here. That way when you go bankrupt they won’t let you couch surf with them. Go all in on friendship too
[deleted]
I’s a machinerer and make stuff that will help kill people

Sorry
I think most people are, this just be meme country
[deleted]
You had me until you started talking about the military

Widespread vaccination and the change of season in 4 months will be the end of covid
Haven’t checked in for a while but seems like The Onion has really gone downhill
Depends on the play lol I do sometimes play gap downs/ups, and had success, but I don't prefer it cuz you never know what kind of news is gonna come out and throw a curve ball.
Most people do. But wsb people are not most people. To the moon my friend. 🚀🚀🚀🌙💦🌎🐻
Ya u fkin idiot im the one who made it
The OGs have come to this crossroads before. We have chosen.

All in.
what names have you picked out for it?
We mainstream now. Almost no need to even make the case at this point (although appreciated). Cohens rep and financial vote of confidence with q4 and console cycle makes this a 3x on fundamentals and momentum in 9 months.
What’s that ???
If millions are doing that, wouldn’t that mean we will always have a volatile market from now on?
What should I do with my DBX shares ? Don’t know the right move ...
Damn didn’t want the video to end. Was super hyped.
Delete this garbage.
There a fucking box 😭
https://images.app.goo.gl/SDwrtoc9tL6pzypQ6
Going to load up more shares on monday!
i know, the only thing his uncle will be playing with will be his booty hole
Position: SOGU 12/2021
Up!!
Hahaha absolutely. Ready for ranch all over my nudeness
Hilarious post PLTR vs GME. Which meme is stronger???
Get shares to make it squeeze, also the premiums are insane
Clean with hot water and a non abrasive detergent but don’t use the harsh part of the sponge just the soft one. If there is stuff that isn’t coming out then throw some salt and  scrub then rinse. The most important thing is that you dry with a towel and the put back on stove to heat slowly and burn away the remaining oils that haven’t polymeriaze (usually takes me 15 min on medium electric stove)
39 hrs until Open 

39 + 30 (roughly PLTR stock price atm) = 69

69 = projected PLTR stock price, soon
Approx. $235K, possibly slightly less.  Hindsight it always 2020 of course but I didn't seize the day like some did because I didn't expect this type of recovery.
PLTR
[deleted]
[deleted]
I was taking risky trades because I wanted to financially solve a career dilemma that I had at the time. I didn’t quite know my best way forward, and I wanted the luxury of doing what I wanted without considering money. So I made a risky trade. I wasn’t in the right mental headspace, but therapy works wonders. It was a long time overdue. Marriage just had some bumps in the road cause I lost 30k (have since massively regained far beyond this)
Match with tinder idiot: 

Me: hey soph
Her: Stfu
Me: ok

She unmatches

Why are tinder girls so stupid
Both. This is a perfect strangle. The calls are shorter-dated because you people are driving the price through the roof but the puts are long-dated and were bought specifically for less because once you guys get done with it that's it, it'll drop; none of you are putting your money into this to retire on in 20 years.
Camping world
fatty
think of PLTR as your dad and GME your other dad.. which one of your gay dads do you love more?
If mods would stop being gay. They all left to a privet Reddit.
If you get RH premium it has a dark mode that allows for the green line.
that's why i took whiners and bought line to +7. shit was too obvious. vegas knows what they doing
[deleted]
Oh I don’t doubt it I would love for more like cathie woods to be out there making me money as fund managers and traders. My money holds no bias. Mckenzie did help him and she went to Princeton, she’s a smart cookie and just having a stable partner in the formative years is very very valuable !
ok, i see the light, "buy parabolic waves."
This will be everyone on this sub eventually
BFT the spac
yup its totally BTF and not BFT you dyslexic fuck
lol What’s your all time return
good idea if its the right girl. 2 pieces of advice:

1. If there's anything about her that really fuckin annoys you, just know that it will never change (if that's ok then proceed to step #2)

2. Don't do it. (jk, good luck chap)
dont fight vegas
[removed]
Amazing, thank you!
To quote Doctor House, all relationships end in breakup or death.
Proceeds to whisper yell
Thanks for the confirmation bias. Loading up on more shares monday 🚀🚀🚀🚀
I’ve got a Southern English accent so I hope that helps.
Gambling addiction: FUELED!
If you think Americans are retarded you’ve never been to Quebec! Bonjour - HO!
Yes, I'm doubling down on my shares at open tomorrow
Currently debating stocks vs calls.
BTF or BFT
I appreciate your effort and generally speaking this is good advice but it just not really what wallstreetbets is about ya know?

Like cool you are saving on taxes now, or lowering your tax burden and yadda yadda but this sub is about trying to make retarded money retardedly quickly. 

IF PEOPLE ARE ABLE THEY SHOULD FOLLOW YOUR ADVICE BUT MOST PEOPLE HER WORK AT WENDYS OR LIVE IN THEIR MOMS BASEMENT AND HAVE NOTHING LEFT OVER AFTER THE FD EXPENSE.
Very BIG low iq 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀💎🙌
only wash with hot water, never soap, air dry, rub cooking oil on it, will last forever
[deleted]
[deleted]
Same
Bow in the presence of greatness
I like to hear this
4
Yeaaa I had a 150 mg 50 mL drink and I would take a few sips and be fucked up for hours. It took me days to finish it
Yeah I completely understand what you mean, but in the end nobody can predict what will happen or when it will happen. Same with this deepfuckingvalue. He started building position way before the stock came back up. Ofc you can argue that timing doesn't matter that much, but in the end this GME play worked. There are plenty of plays that flopped. Like that controlthenarrative guy, so luck does play a part
Again pt matters for stuff like coke or Walmart. Tech and innovation doesn’t follow boomer pt trends, targets, pe, earnings we all should have that common understanding being on WSB....
I’m already in but man I might have to double up my position
PLTR Gang?
if it follows spitcoin's price like it has recently, I think his prediction of $15 isnt even unreasonable. it all depends on if spitcoin can hold this gain though. in the short term, it might not, but i think it has good chances to. the bullish thesis this time around is quite strong.
I think it’s worth more around $-4k
All Chinese companies are. Large financial institutions know this and buy. This kind of scare tactic gets people to miss out on gains. Buy the dip.
Can you talk a bit more about your marriage? What happened? Was it cuz of trading?
I don't know what that means but I imagine it sounded really cool with a British accent (not joking)
I like my spreads the same way I like my assholes. Tight.
Thanks, but I have a 401(k) which I rolled over to an IRA which precludes me from performing the back door.
Anything  is better than breaking your back lifting flaked ice
What does that mean
Nah 20 cents in each!!!! Gonna be huge
[deleted]
Guuuuhhhh this is just making me fomo that my 800 share  exposure is not enough....should I all in my roth and 401k on itm calls?

Edit: 🚀🚀
Edit 2: 1st award, thanks lol
Papa trump what u doing m8
You’re a cuck simp
[deleted]
Not sure but I’m not sleeping on it like I did with TSLA
if you think gamestop is skynet2.0 i've got 4 dollars here for your trade in game
X gonna give it to ya
What kind of blasphemy are you spreading your retard?  PLTR🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Bro weed lean. That syrup is like 500mg and will fucking nuke you. Plus it’s easy enough to just buy multiple edibles and exceed 250mg.

Tbh idk how you stay functional. I smoke everyday and edibles will fuck you up if you eat enough.
I jizzed in my pants
Ya. I get greedy af then lose it
wtf
Sentience
I ask, cause I’m not sure... does anybody make real shit anymore?
200
Buy stock not options duh
at this point it's fucking fantastic to see articles from shitron on shit im holding. as long as my expiration isn't the same day, their hit pieces just solidify my opinion. only one they've been very correct on so far was obvious to everyone...nikola.
They basically process online layaway payments
[deleted]
guesses for RIOT EOD monday? $17? $19?
Hope this was just fuck it money. Buy and hold army forever.
Started trading on june..learned alot from my losses! 💪🏽
Santander $SC is the first one to go if the subprime auto bubble pops. Others might but there's not a more reckless subprime auto lender of that size.
For all we know gamestop is skynet 2.0....
[deleted]
Thanks so much for answering!
This should give you guys some balls to understand what we’ve been doing as a collective has been working. First 24 then 30 then moon.
What kind of company hired this dickwart?
I am honestly stuck in the middle between long and short vol here.  I may actually make a long play on a volatility spike with some 01/08 calls.
stfu... those call will print at market open! 🚀 🚀 🚀
So are we getting the stimmy or not? I see all these useless articles I saw it passed but then trump said no? I’m confused
The leap is what you planned on making money on. The short call is your bonus cash. Sell monthlies and you'll get a little extra money while you wait for the leap to go up in value.
Yes
[removed]
As I’ve commented before, I wouldn’t ask a prostitute for viagra. I’d obtain the viagra before I approached her.
[deleted]
Wouldn’t be surprised if the Nashville bombers were some Proud Boys or similar group
Don’t soak it etc

Google it
Which companies are you looking at?
$hitcoin pleas fly ag.. oh wait
Can you dishwash that?
Rookie numbers cathie could do 30 no problem
Ok here’s free speech. Let’s see who was setting cities on fire for the whole summer and breaking into businesses smashing glass etc. Was it these right wing enigmas you’re terrified of?
4/20 $69
I too bought that dip last week. Godspeed and let us bath in ranch sauce while eating hella tendies
$ROPE
[removed]
Thank you! I try my best.
We are both 250+ and lift weights.  We are fine
Still in and years not over yet. Hope this ain't premature. Godspeed
It’s because they’re mostly high school boys
CIA/FBI just keeping us frightened and on our toes.
Sooo brexit deal = euro rich Monday morning right?
The Stand series is really good
AMD was a pennystock a few years ago. Geely, too. 😉 And Wirecard now is a pennystock 😂
Not all are bad and not all blue chips are good 🤷‍♂️
I will do my duty to God and to the Queen and will keep the Cub Scout law. 

*withdraws toggle*
I've seen 400mg chocolate bars in new mexico
some of y’all don’t burn and it shows
Anal Invaders 9  *"Santa Cums Down The Chimney"*
Pretty soon the only way to have shelter will be renting nightly Airbnb for the price of your total daily income. No money to spend on anything else. Not food. Not medicine. Just rent and cleaning fees for a filthy apartment that you will clean yourself or lose your security deposit.

ABNB 10,000,000 EOY
Dude this isn’t even remotely political why are you crying about a shitpost, nerd
skynet 1.0.... or gamestop...
This 49ers/Cards game is why I choose to only lose money in the market and not on sports, too. Taking the Cards -6 seemed super obvious to me so of course they're gonna lose outright.
what if it was done by an AI

cyberpunk is opening my eyes to the future of humanity
Research backdoor Roth conversion.
Not dumb at all! Its called Trade Republic, currently only available in the DACH region AFAIK.
Haha 2 PLTR share and 2 GME share? 

Do whatever you wish buddy but GME is heading to the moon first

Then PLTR
ARKG LEAP GANG, what strike and date will deliver me the most tendies. Thnx
lol
Theta gang is the ticket to tendies
[deleted]
How bad is it
Fuck my wife and her boyfriend
I wAnT tO iNVeSt In ARKK BuT I'm AfRaId Of TSLA. ShOuLd I BuY ARKK aNd ShORt 10% Of ThAt VaLuE oF TSLA??
You said. 



fuck you. I got a degree in physics from a top 50 university. I now make $16/hr.


5 years ago.


How much do you make now?
He didn’t inhale. And the cyber truck looks terrible.
Goodluck investing in SPY with 10% average returns.
 Have u considered tax fraud
Why did I just find out about this lululemon mirror subscription service wtf
This is going to be the new type of loss porn
[X] his uncle is giving him an "edible" right now in the basement
😔
America invented Christmas ban
Have 7k in weekly 12/31 28c so it better move up
Just looked in the mirror. My double chin is coming in nicely. Hoping to add another soon
Imagine being on the losing side against a group of fucking retarded autists.
metapod
You can sell gift cards for cash, turning subway sandwiches into calls
[removed]
nice
[removed]
This checks out, my question has been answered.
Huh? An Hero is a thing.
I'm not looking for a fight, I just think you're being a bit less than honest with your opinion and characterization of Fauci. And don't tell me to just Google and look for myself when you're trying to make your case.

That open letter is talking specifically about Fauci's refusal to advocate for the use of hydroxychloroquine (and others as part of a cocktail). The letter is based on Dr. Harvey Risch's research, and upon research of Harvey Risch, it seems the study on which that letter is based has been subject of much criticism and is considered questionable and concerning by MedPage, the Senate, Oxford University Press, and Yale (the institution to which the Doctor belongs).

After reading stuff like this I'm still more inclined to take Fauci's side, as it seems the vast majority of doctors publicly are on his side, and most of the ones I know personally are on his side. That isn't to say I don't think there shouldn't be any more research done into hydroxychloriquine as a treatment, but I'm not going to villainize the most listened to doctor for not advocating a disputed study.

I'm not telling you what to believe though, but from what I've read I find Fauci to be more trustworthy and scientific and less politically driven than those who seem bent on disagreeing with him
Just one question. I'm on the long side of GME. Are you on the short side?
[deleted]
Pros of gold: lots of global uncertainty, people shilling gold out of fear.
Cons of gold: there is a chance we are entering a period of deflation. Ie commodity prices may drop.
We are equally misogynistic as we are homophobic. It evens out alright
Yeah the legal limit in most states is 100mg in a package, usually 10x gummies ... pretty sure you'd both be on the floor drooling if you did 250
Agree
God save the Queen.
Did her boyfriend get it?
Sir, this is a casino. No dogs allowed.
[deleted]
And inside out. I’m a sucker for their angst bait
Gonna try and get in on some credit spreads Monday.
Daddy Cohen who is up 4x from his initial position. 

or  

🌈🐻 Melvin who has lost tens of millions.

Choose your side.
I made a post that said “mods, pleas fly again”. The mods literally commented and said ok and then deleted my post. Of all the shit they could delete, they deleted that. Are they tanking this place on purpose?
My avg on BABA is like 75 but I just found out BABA isn't actually Alibaba and is actually some weird VIE thing (also first I've heard of this acronym) based in the Cayman Islands that just gets a slow drip of Alibaba profits at the discretion of the company. Now I don't know what a good entry point is. 

Honestly I think it's in a weird twilight zone space where I'm not buying the dip no chance but I also think 240 might be a fine entry point by 2022. I know that makes no sense but that's the game.
Sometimes people be asking dumnass questions thoo
If you’re holding leaps that are at a loss, you btfd till you aren’t at a loss anymore.
ABNB will capture entire college housing market. PT $700 by 2022
I see fucking 18 yr olds making 20k while I just want to break even since months fml
What’s going on here? Need explanation
Thanks! True should have definitely thrown in the not a flamethrower
The bare minimum...he deserves better
you are right

its very british
Is this trying to downplay the number of covid deaths?
> We are in the basement playing

nice
I’ll try again, what about resources for learning options?
Thanks!
I like this answer therefore I will do this 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Very nice! Keep it up!!
The world is such a powder keg right now.

Scary to think if the Nashville bombing might be a part of a larger movement.

RTX calls?
Cast iron coated in teflon and scrubbed to perfection in a dishwasher > peasant-tier old unwashed ("seasoned") cast iron.
Build new house
Puts on RV companies because of the Nashville bombing
ARK funds only fly when the market is parabolic , when stonk goes back to normal ARK will be shitting the bed compared to the legendary SPY.
GME GANG RISE UP!🚀🚀🚀
How is it still Saturday
😛
Personally when I sell premium I do lotto ticket weeklies. The small premiums add up, small risk, and when IV is high I just sell to open on green candles.

I’m sure monthlies are *technically* better but with something like NLCH I’d probably do weeklies above your breakeven. Lot of weeks before that jumps high enough to worry you anyway
Agreed!
Theta gang or something
Guess my wife must be one hell of a trader then
Binance
We're ready to take off. Liftoff at 9:30 am.. lets gooooo!!   🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 .....🌙 ...🪐...🌞...🌌
But half of its not mine soooo.
Just got a cast iron pan for christmas. Can I just care for it as I would any other normal pan, or is there some special stuff I have to do for it?
I wish I had one tbh, looks way easier than clearing my driveway with a shovel
Thats the problem. Most educational material is written by and for boomers who encourage other plays and discouraged WSB type plays. We only know the information here.
[x] doubt you each had 250mg in one edible and only had 1 grammatical error in the comment. Or 300+ lbs
Me neither bro. I'm just like 115% or so invested in. Even if the market dips 70%, I won't get fucked.
.25pct higher huh, what is this gains for ants
all in on 1/15 JMIA $50 calls.
You don't like buying at close and holding overnight?
Roobet
Yes fuck T
Park it in ARKK/ARKG and do something else with my time.
Nobody tell him
🥴
Man if baba bounces back
I like dinosaurs
Gonna hit that 500 day moving avg. @ 207 then bounce up Monday. 

[https://imgur.com/a/RB9BMPd](https://imgur.com/a/RB9BMPd)
[deleted]
Maybe he calculated the extra shares he can buy if he buys at 16?
Human Centipede
I’m taking the next dip at zs
Elf. Hate me I don’t care.
Thats a real flame thrower. Not a roofing torch
[deleted]
My wife saw the meme and didn't get why some guy was throwing money at a tree.

She is a highly intelligent person.

There must be something in our anatomy that gives us enhanced visual capabilities.
wash  sale?
[deleted]
Here's my DD: The more red you see on this map the more TZA, SPXS and SQQQ you buy. The more dark red you see on this map the more puts you buy. The less red/dark red you see on this map the more you open long positions. https://carlsonschool.umn.edu/mili-misrc-covid19-tracking-project
[removed]
They're old enough to know what responsibility is. They need to learn that being an adult means doing things you don't always want to do. Unfortunately, that poor dog doesn't deserve being unloved. Sucks.
When is ARK Funds gunna make a sustainability ETF? Shit will fly.
Ai predictions this week?
I enjoyed the marketing. I’m just glad we are going with X and not Liv3 Corp.
Same 🥰 fuck the commie bastards 🇨🇳😒
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=76h9PnzFm74
You really couldn’t have made it more obvious that you’re holding puts and sweating. The first few sentences are ridiculous enough but that “chart” you included with zero labels is hilarious
🙌🙌🙌Preach🙌🙌🙌
Of course what do you expect?
That’s cousin eddy brother
plot twist

its the dad thats mad horny
Damn I didn't even look at the options chain but I probably will still do it lol
My uncle and I ate a 250mg edible, his wife has no idea.  Parent somewhat know.  We are in the basement playing street fighter V.  Lmao!!
ARKG, ARKK, SQ, AAPL
i hate my wife, hope reddit won't find out about it
Market closed
Casinos closed
Online poker sucks 
Wtf am I supposed to do?
How many of you have heard of the Christmas song: I wish it could be Christmas everyday? It’s a British song, came out in the 80s or something. It’s an absolute banger and probably my favourite Christmas song, so I was wondering how many of you had heard of it.
Can’t do it unless you have high deductible plans right
I have other stocks that bring that percentage down. I didn't mention that I also have other stocks invested
I hope you watched his latest video on his son’s xmas list. Epic troll
great advice, tax advantaged accounts are a real life cheat code in the finance world. too bad nobody here can read.
Ok nigga
Misogyny, girls have cooties
You are definitely stupid enough to be here
Actually finding that book seems to be a black hole.
[removed]
'ya heard.
[deleted]
I love this sub reddit.  What a great world where people as ignorant as this have access to electricity. These are the best of tines.
nkla
the deer hunter
Can a mod put my flair as Baby daddy pls
That looks way too fun
How many calls did you have? Exit point?
I bought my first SDOW call on Thursday, this might work out.
I now have 40 percent of my portfolio in Baba shares and calls.... Xi Xi pung yo!!
Can we pretend we don’t know?
OG How the Grinch bought SPY puts
If ur young, fucking lots of pussies us more fun. When ur 40, I prefer to be on long term and have kids
15, 20, 25

All fine
[removed]
I’m a stonks noob, and I want to learn stuff.....

Can someone tell me where I can get  A LOT of info that aligns with WSB’s mindset towards options trading?
Instead, he was "an hero."
Like you want us to do the misogyny and racism better?
I have a feeling in my ballsack PLTR is going to rip Monday, tbh all stocks will rip
What doesn't kill you makes you stronger.
nobody getting hiv from sex though, especially man from woman, its like 1 in 2500 if she has it, and is not taking medication for it.  most sexually active people going to have herpes though which most people will never even know.
One word: GYNA
Burn your theta.
There's a lot of drug use and grooming that goes on in homeless shelters. Tons of men (and even women) go there in hopes of ruining some susceptible teen's life. 

Never ever trust those shelters.
AND MY AXE
yeah true could buy 100 shares and sell covered call
In my experience Tinder thots are bad lays or full of STD’s. Find yourself a freak that you can tolerate being around 30% of your time.
So did all of Jim Cramer’s gang
mhmm
Lenders in general love to target people who recently went bankrupt, since they can't declare bankruptcy again for like 7 years. Bankrupt people generally play nice for a while until everything gets out of control again.. 7 years down the line.
You’re a pussy
should print! got 145c 12/17/21 myself for around 20k
It's going to crack the moon and release all that cheddar
Bigly green, bears aren’t keen.
I bought  CRWD at 69 in late April, and I’ve added ZS, PANW, SUMO, NET, and DDOG since, I believe SaaS data security is about to take off
[removed]
[deleted]
Suck sensitivity
First off Happy holidays and congrats on your account size! That’s nice. Secondly, this post should be in r/investing or r/personal finance with the caption Read At your Own Risk! I was going to let this post go, but I have to interject here, as it contains so many flaws and holes in it. also you come across so rude and condescending. 

Bluntly speaking, I don’t know your age, risk parameters or what you do and I don’t care. But know this, as a 1099 employee prepare to give a ton of your stated income to the IRS. Also, while you can have both a SEP and an Individual 401k there is no reason to! You only get the tax benefit from one. You may have a very questionable CPA. Also, while tax deferral is great, it is only recognized when you pull the money out, and either it’s a 10% prepay, if under 59 1/2, plus added income tax or just added income tax. Either way, you will pay extra in taxes when you pull the money out unless it’s in a ROTH and there may be some hiccups with that in the future. Have no illusions!! Yes, tax deferral is nice and I truly believe in having many multiple different accounts for different purposes, but I don’t think you really understand this. 

Also, you cannot really trade spec. options inside of IRAs. Only protective options. Most people on WSB want to shoot for the moon or make spec trades quickly. I’m glad you admit to your luck and lack of trading knowledge. At least we agree on that. 

Your long winded post is just full of fluff. A lot of hot air with no good advice. So many of us here have 7 figure + accounts, but we don’t offer crappy investment advice along with many rude ass comments. Saying you would be happy making 25-30% a year while also admitting to not really being a good investor, never using options and mostly being lucky is so contradictory and funny!! Even the most astute intelligent investors hope for a 8-10% yearly return. You sir are a pure clown! 

Lastly, please let me know where you play poker, you sound like a tight nit! Lol. 

My advice, be humble and grateful. And never offer investment / trading advice if you have no real clue. Happy holidays!
[deleted]
🤨
My cock is rock hard thinking about losing another 2.5 grand next week
Those are the worst crayons I've seen in quite a bit here. At least try to make it look proper by using crappy screenshots and MS Paint rather than some fancy but somehow even more meaningless corporate shitlines. Look how curvy, smooth and soulless they are!
nflx earnings in 3 weeks any of u retards playing the runup?
Lol tell him yeah and have him buy TSLA calls.
I DECLARE BANKRUPTCY
That's pretty good for penny stocks. Now try weeklies
When life hands you lululemons go LONG
yes
thats why calls are free money.

They have that name because after you buy one you just call your Lambo dealer to start making arrangements.
Awwww is someone mad cause he can’t afford to be a real autist. Don’t worry buddy you’ll learn the ways soon enough
The men on this subreddit disgust me. So much misogyny and racism. Do better, you fucking pigs 🐷
I still remember that horse head wearing Canadian autistic. Whatever happened to him?
The flair is for positions you’re actually in not ones you’re being a pussy about entering.
[deleted]
LOTR trilogy 

home alone 2 

die hard
I would love this lol
GG, that cars going to last decades. Toyota’s and Honda’s have great build quality.
I'm in 2500 shares current average 15.17, first buy was in the 9s, looking to add 500 more on Monday.  Also holding a few 15 Jan 20Cs looking for a good pop out of the ICR.  🚀 🚀 🚀  pew pew pew
I know someone with 2 dogs and 3 cats, living in piss poor condition. They want the dog, without the effort. 

Even if they managed to take care of it, there's nothing stopping them from wanting more than they can handle.
She also bought shares of Baba before the drop?!
Why not 20c?
It’s A Wonderful Life
One of my faves
Yeah but then LLC brings more legal implications, I assume.
Your welcome!!
Piss off
Don't threaten me with a good time
Better than my month but Monday can't come any sooner. We got this.
Poors like me buy 1 or 2 contracts.
[deleted]
Same with "should of". And fucking APPL...
Yeah of course
imo, it's being in a lt relationship with someone u love. when i got married...i thought i had that for the rest of my life, but turned out she was a cheating whore and we divorced. being single is fun too, but it's like eating a bag of cookies...feels great while you're doing it, but there's no long term benefit.
I’ll sell my house to buy BABA if it goes under 200$
that was my plan, but there is much talking of sell of and being overbought
Beats my 255 atm calls 🙃
“So when I exercise my call, do I have to pay for the shares or do they just give them to me for free”
Christmas Vacation
Dominate the fucking world bitch 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀💎🖐
Looks like you’re severely underprepared to do this. I’m sure looking at Reddit posts makes it seem fun but you ready to eat that $5k loss? Btw takes like a week for funds to clear so you ain’t gambling that this week.
[deleted]
It’s YEET or be YEETED
ICLN and TAK
BABA 300 by 02/19 because that’s when my calls expire
wheel spy monthlies
We need more gay minorities that are buying stonks
[deleted]
The greatest Christmas movie in your opinion?
Glad I'm not the only one
Yeah lol. I also "use" TA but just to understand what happened to the stock more than trying to predict. If it was possible to always be right, only algos would exist.
I really appreciate your response my man. Best of luck to you
I’d sell ATM CSPs
Only see them for end of 2021 so far but probably a good idea
Delete your Robinhood app and declare bankruptcy!
Ha! And to think people on here call us retards! YAVE to the moon! 🚀
I am a beginner. And I Learned my lesson. Now go for that recommended surgery.
Isnt that just Coco tho?
time to get a real broker.. all the moves happen premarket
I’ll wait for IV to calm down a bit
I had some nice gainz on gme this week. Will get back in thiscoming  week. In fact gme is making a nice pennant rn
^
Feels like monday is going to be bigly green. Gonna load up on calls right at the open.
Only retards are bearish
Plot twist: u/ava28 is u/controlthenarrative
I think it will double... but i also have a very low iq
😐
Alright. How do I get that click fast forward feature. I wanna see the shit show on the futures tomorrow only to wake up to spy +4% in the pre
You can do unlimited day trades on a cash account with no minimum account balance. Only downside is the cash from sales isnt available until the next day. Tos has been allowing me to use some of my funds same day recently. Maybe because I’ve made a lot of trades without fucking up too much.
how do I get one of these checks?
>He’s also not taking a chance by losing everything on an options play that can literally turn worthless in minutes. 

Yeah, he's one of the most successful anti-wallstreetbetter, wallstreetbetters out there lol
You might be right. They’ll expire worthless.
Elon’s latest tweets look very positive.  Looking for TSLA bulls to give confirmation bias.
Stripe has said they have no plans to IPO
I remember him. We should have at least bought him a Russian bride for all the fun he gave us, dude looked lonely as f...
Not much upside to that since very long dated. Just buy shares at that point
[deleted]
[deleted]
Sweet fuck I wish futures were open right now.
[deleted]
Just went down a rabbit hole. Car loan companies target people who recently filed bankruptcy with mails that look like little checks and certificates. This taps into their subconscious and enables them to think that things will be okay just to be in further debt. Jesus Christ man, what the fuck.
I like the time and strike.
5 or 10
Yeah it’s easy to draw patterns after the fact.  Not so much before.
Look at that three month chart 😂. YOU are the beginner. MODS where tf you at
At forward 20x pe, it honestly doesn’t matter what price you get in now. The upside is ridiculous. As long as the CCP doesn’t fuck with the ability of baba to make money your risk reward is insanely unbalanced on the reward side.

Before you fucks complain about the YoU DoNt HaVe OwNeRsHiP Of ThE sToCk or that it’s a Chinese fraud stock, realize that that’s why baba has been trading at <30x PE compared to American companies. If BABA ends up being legit, it WILL outperform amazon Apple etc. Again you’re trading risk for returns.
This was extremely good advice.
I’m in 60k
It’s the noise I imagine all loss porn to
I like this one a lot and it was going to be part of my future DD along with inland logistics play in US. What I like about this is dry bulk and liners.  Tankers are a bonus.
FUCK THE DEEP STATE. I will go down swinging! 

WSB - leading a frontal assault on the new world order!!!
most of them are harmless
Just go behind the Wendy’s and get one from him you know he still ain’t paid that shit down yet.  Why get one of these new scrubs to do it when you could go straight to the source?
I think you’re searching for something to fit your narrative. Sorry, but the government themselves can downplay it outright, but they aren’t.
Try Robinhood’s then report back
I am holding 30c 2022 (pretty hefty premium ofc) and I’m not even sure, lower your expectation folks
jack mop looks so happy tho
if she wants to use a condom you gotta do it
Haha. Will do.
I just learned professionals short the market when it’s actually down trending. I don’t know why I keep trying to buy puts and calls on uvxy.
What if you had done it as a 28 year old?
[removed]
[deleted]
Everytime Tesla dips I imagine exaxtly this
im ricky bobby, if you don’t chew big red then  f*ck you
Palantir. He's always watching
PLTR
[deleted]
If you’re going to post lyrics post some shit that’s hard not dashboard confessionals tier gai boi lyrics

e.g. 

“Money in the floor, case they kick in the door 

Saran wrapped in the wall, case they bring them dogs”
The meme stock stays flat or buries Into the ground a bit, the WSB’er bends over to take it up the ass. Yea yea we get that part. But where does all the money shooting off go
PSTH target is Elon Musk's X
What public companies work to harden data centers?  I suspect they will be a good buy on Monday. 
Also. T stock. Up or down?
Does everyone try to buy contracts in multiplies of 10?
They were two months ago 😆
Literally free money
Check out Elon’s tweets the last couple of days.  I think I know what they mean but I don’t want to taint your opinion.  Let me know what you think.
You need a surgical removal of that stick in your ass. I'm posting an example of why penny stocks sucks, good lesson for beginners.
Honestly I don't think they would be successful in trying to short these companies. All they can say is that crippto won't hold up, then be wrong as usual.

Especially because they got insane hardware additions on top of *spitcoin* value increasing, and anybody invested can easily see potential values of these companies. 

There are risks in any investment, of course. But I honestly believe these companies are undervalued compared to where certain digital assets are mooning to.

All in RIOT 15C LEAPS Monday at open
ARKG and BABA
[deleted]
Its cuz wsb keeps appearing in r/all and attracts retarded kids, but not the good autistic kind
Yep
He would already be leveraged to the tits on GME
You retard you didn’t even put any rockets in it. Fake DD. GME to the moon 🚀🚀🚀
Think I'mma throw 10k into ARKG 2023 leaps
Wait... How do you short that?? Hah.
Watching ancient aliens reminds me of some of the DD I’ve seen on here lol
Keep trading, i can’t say it’s all about the thrill as I do value money more than the act of trading. But seeing the results after you make a trade is satisfying .
Dude, if its a one time thing, no reason not to use a condom.. STDs are a thing
I couldn't flair this as DD coz there isn't any text. But I went full retard and did some forensic digging around the put option trades and OI, and am quite confident in the options positions mentioned in the picture. Of course, I don't know for sure if the puts were transacted by Melvin, but the contract sizes make it seem likely.

There are several ways to play this in anticipation of the ICR update on 14 Jan assuming you degenerates already own shares and are bullish for 4Q earnings and RC our lord and saviour.

Higher risk - Buy 15/1 $24C;
Medium risk - Sell a bullish 22/1 $17/$24 put spread;
Pussy trade - Buy 15/1 $16P
GUH
its better in the long term relationship imo. At least during covid. fucking random thots is also plenty of fun though.
Sitting out 2020... Go back to r/investing
yea, its a horny gene
Hedge fund time
I love the loss flair, keeps me humble and second guess every trade I make
So, you can still have a Roth. You just have to contribute to an IRA or 401k or whatever and then roll it over to a Roth.  Why this is possible and legal I don’t know, because it completely defeats the point of the income restrictions. “Backdoor Roth”
[removed]
Yeah, that's the thing.
She stuck around during the job loss and potential bankruptcy. That is keeper material.
I have a friend that does this every single time like it was the obvious play. Yet his YTD is like 8% and he probably fuck up more than someone picking randomly.
watching fargo season 1 again. biggest take away....minnesotans are americans cosplaying as canadians
nah you should get your libido going, and make sure you last longer than 2 seconds
[removed]
Pay wall. Copy and paste the text
[removed]
I sincerely believe He wouldn't approve of speculation. He certainly didn't approve of usury. 

[Come to think of it, He would probably tear the whole thing down](https://youtu.be/Ufq7srkz1sc)
🚀🚀🚀
It’s in the bank I haven’t transferred yet
MSFT, NIO, DAL, RKT, PSTH
Oy vey.
Ban
Search up fcel and find out what they actually do 😭
You should hold PSTH at least
You guys are so welcoming.
I don't think it will.
Exro technologies
screenshot is sus
You BABA call holders are gutsy, I can’t tell when this saga will end, if ever
Hahaha this is great
I could sell like 28c weeklies, betting that it won't moon past 28 for awhile. Eventually my cost basis will be lower than 28. 

Or if I stay at 30/31, is selling weeklies better than selling monthlies. 

I have a few options
What leaps are you currently holding?
Why do we need him?

If he didn’t do Silk Road somebody else would have. Not that impressive
Is arkg and arkk Calls not free money ??🤔
Wasn’t Sir JAL also fully “convicted” (you’ve read to many RC pressers the last two weeks)...
This ^
[deleted]
They monetized and left because this was a shitty platform for cucking people out of tendies.
It’s already here. GME, read the DD. It’s about to pop
Are you guys just in it for the money? If you hit a stupid amount, like 10 million, Would you keep trading or just park it in SPY and do something else with your time?
When you meet the right person you’ll be able to answer this question yourself. Until then enjoy fucking random thots
Thanks a lot Soul for giving me an internal existential breakdown and having to explain death to my 4 year old nephew...loading up on Disney calls to carpe the diem fuck being a wage slave
Hey markets open on Monday. Im planning on it. I’m just asking is this a bad idea?
Haha I’m messin. You shoulda just said 🚀🚀🚀 lol
What about MARA?!
[removed]
the high interest + repo value usually ends with profit even if sudden loss of payment
Right good point. I honestly don't care about her at all, but still theres the pressure of performing. But yeah just need to stay in the moment.
I don’t hold BABA but if any of you think BABA will fail, you are beyond ‘tistic. 200 would be a beautiful entry IMO.
You need to pay to play buddy and it don't look like you have any to
SSPK. It's a [weedmaps.com](https://weedmaps.com) SPAC and software rights. Hop on.
$CROSS
Where is Tony starks
hahaha my man spittin facts out here.
I specially agree with the yada yada sacca part
FUCK!!!
lmao same. missed out lol
Hot coals are the best
I have 01/2021 AMD 95c and 06/21 100c. Not looking too good right now.
IPO
Fcel still gonna go up?
GME until February at least, and then you can go with PLTR with x5 the buying power
There are a few smaller private places that are sanctuary from this place. But they don't  parallel some of the shinanigans that exist here.
Me and you both man! I bought 5 Jan 8 3250 call contracts, and sold 5 3300 covered calls. Max risk 8k, total gain potential if we hit 3300 is around 16k. Amazon is due for a breakout, and i have also been watching the wedge form. Was playing around with the chart on Market Chameleon, and the Trendspotter shows a potential uptrend just starting. Also, Q1 is historically amazon best quarter in terms of gains. Let’s roll!
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
#NEW RULE:

If you don’t know who u/controlthenarrative was then you have to give me a BJ
Anything in a cast iron, I love those things
Usually I've seen the opposite
huh?
Hakuna matata
While Trump is handing out pardons like Oprah does gifts, any chance the Silk Road guy gets one?  I know he was accused of murder for hire so probably not but seems like we could use someone like him in government. Kind it like the catch me if you can story.
Never take anything to heart
I just pulled out 40k of profits and starting over at 10k. Might as well use the hottest year to benifit me long term.
yes, nio day baby
Not sure what should be the takeaway from this lengthy piece other than "save taxes if you can".

Dude, you make a lot of money and played decently over the last 5 years - it's a great achievement, but autists here are looking for more inspirational shit, ngl.
Big long pp with small nuts. Bullish af pattern.
Both have their pros and cons that are pretty even. You need to be prepared for a relationship tho especially after 20 they tend to last more years than months. Not something to do for fun tho just fuck sluts for fun. My 4 year relationship was the support I needed to start my own business and stomach job losses and almost bankruptcy.
Yo, that's not what my post is about. Read my post again for clarity man. I'm critical of comments others are making. I agree WSB should not be spamed with "HoW i TuRN 500 iNtO 500,000".
she's not super hot actually, but doesn't seem like she goes to the club at all. I had a nice time on the coffee date with her and I haven't gotten laid since September so I think I'm due for one.
I would sell before merger if it was something as disappointing as a restaurant chain, and unless something catastrophic happens, I will get out above $20 per share. 

I’m holding forever if it’s stripe, holding post merger if it’s Bloomberg or uipath (or in the highly unlikely event of an Elon company, I would hold forever).

I personally feel that even if it is something retarded like subway, the merger news would pop this bad boy and I could sell for a profit. Time will tell.
Tax fraud
Every comment here has gold and platinum awards, it’s a sea of gold and I’m prepared for a sea of green come Monday. Hookers and cocaine here we come!

GME 🚀🚀🚀🌝
Ah a fellow UK autist
Lumber Liquidators
What is Affirm ?
SEARS
You won’t
The cow farters are as smooth brained as flat earthers.
Interesting question that I've really never thought about.  I think the omics revolution moves research forward at a pace more rapid than we may have believed was possible in the past but because of that the datasets are becoming so large we can no longer review them ourselves.  So in that aspect, I suppose AI and bioinformatics is probably the more important component. 

We probably wouldn't have any of this without the internet and cloud computing / data storage and the sharing of public datasets helps a lot of these things proceed.  I don't know if we will ever see something as landscape changing as the internet again but that's just my opinion.
Steak on a cast iron pan > steak on a grill


Come at me bro
I understand. Had the same when dates turned sexual for the first time. Not fapping for a couple of days prior didnt really help for me. In my case it was mainly psychological (pressure of performing). Just be in the moment and don't immediately apologize in case you're flaccid.
[removed]
[removed]
[deleted]
You can sell them.
Yeah, I've just been looking at this and seriously considering investing a good chunk Monday as my safe play. It's out performing a top performing growth fund in the UK for the last 6 months
For any retard even considering reading this steaming pile of shit.

Here are some of Op’s questions he’s asking in the last two months.


“Can you buy an option contract, sell it, and buy the another option on the same stock again on the same day?”

“Do you get paid more with earlier weekly options than ones weeks out?”



Don’t be a retard and listen to this retard bear. Dude is asking questions a monkey can figure out.
He check out boys
If the moms hot then yes.
she kind of has some say in it though
**I wish I could be
As cruel as you
And I wish I could say
The things you do
But I can't and I won't live a lie
No not this time**
super sorry for the dumb question but what app is that.
Paid cash for my last Camry. Will never finance a car again.
Flair “gay for pay”
If you go all in GME I don’t mind lending 10K to you
[deleted]
Lulusprite
Nah your mom was a prude but your sister is a slut, so it can’t be true.
Why not both?
This GME thing is one of the funniest fucking things ever, not even an ounce of sarcasm. Cheerleadering the rise of one of the most loathed/loathesome vidya retailers because an activist investor might be stirring the pot. Having a laugh at all you but also picking up 200 shares Monday 🚀\*∞.
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/richy0223 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
What would our lord and saviour Jesus H. Christ buy on Monday at open?
Buy puts, do this and send the video to boomerberg
if she is really hot and doesn't seem like she goes to the club a lot, it is worth it to raw dog.  I think I got some std from like 3 out of 50 girls, it was exactly 50 I decided it was ok to get married.
Just started buying calls (first time ever) of gme, hopefully I’m not in too late and this thing keeps mooning
You can short on WB. I use my webull account just to short , ToS is trash when you want to short since most of the stocks they let you short is blue chips.
Are there Calls on that ETF?
Yes, exactly. Thats what I'm saying. I'm not promoting more spam question posts, or anything like that. But honest, clear criticism that helps is better than anything.
Are you not capable of taking care of a dog?  Just feed him, let him outside to shit, and keep the water bowl full.  Walk him occasionally.  Come on.
GANG GANG GME 🚀🚀🚀
As someone who is trying to day trade using an actual strategy with a small account, this hurts me more than it helps me as I only have 3 chances a week to stop out of a losing trade. I can see how it would help people that are just throwing money at the market to not over trade though.
[deleted]
if a girl is really sexual does that mean her mom probably was/is too?
Sell Detroit to Canada
That shit is overpriced above a dollar
Yeah except if everyone here uses all their time teaching children what an option is, we’ll never get anything done. People have to take some initiative for themselves instead of posting shit like “I have $500, tell me how to make a million in 7 days plz, im retarded too hurdur”
Imagine not fucking the currency 

https://youtu.be/ukfqfFmRHcI
Spend time in nature and with loved ones
[deleted]
lululimes
a real brokerage
Diamond hands 👋💎
Mm... I think you're right if you're looking short term huge gainz. I'm not selling before the next financial year April due to tax reasons so nice time window there for it to grow. Tempted to hold it for years.
I kind of agree tbh. I like having sex with different women since I like the variety and the sense of conquest. But I don't want to get anything, and sex with condoms suck. So I'm in a bind. What do you think, should I just raw dog?
I love how ppl that do TA have an explanation for everything. Stock pumped? Bullish trendline. Stock dumped? Bearish trendline. Stock dumped when you thought it would pump? False breakout. Stock stayed where it is? Consolidation.

I’m not saying all TA is garbage but you don’t always have to explain EVERYTHING through TA.  You can just admit when stocks throw a curveball and do some random unexpected shit that maybe TA couldn’t predict it.
Wish can easily rocket and go meme status for a bit. Or literally any spac
Need life advice...is life more enjoyable when you're in a long term relationship with a girl you love or when you're single and fucking random tinder thots every once in a while.
[deleted]
4 what price should you sell weekly coverd call?
Ripley's believe it or not.
There’s no meaning to it. Live in the moment
Last night I had a dream about Neo from The Matrix eating an apple, and it's a sign. I currently have 401 shares of NIO, bought in around $14-15 and bought more shares around $45 mark. I also have a bunch of SPCE that won't go up until Branson does. I had a dream about Neo from the Matrix eating an apple last night. With all the rumours about NIO and Apple working together, I'm selling spce and buying more nio.

My method of making picks: scroll this sub really fast until a combination of letters that looks appealing goes past, do the opposite of the third google news result when searching name, it works like a charm. Especially since the third post down is always Motley Fool and they're regularly Jon Snow-ing
where do you buy those
[deleted]
Nothing new there. Dealers is as dealers does.
Too late for NKLA puts?
To be fair, reddit has better answers than Google for some subjects. But I do understand your side of the argument. Gg
BALLS DEEP
Ugh... Have a friend who gets a new mustang every year or two...

Cant even imagine what he is paying.
Dude has a kid too and live in an apartment..

Priorities
Stonks are better. Gold don’t have revenue and earnings
I'll pray for you.
I was a republican 20 years ago. My views have not changed much but the party has moved so far right that I’m a leftist to them now.
Poor
No, he's an hero
build a dog house out of them

think of it like real life tetris

Your dog is your children now
Your broker should have the number of contracts traded during a trading session under the column titled VOL. Otherwise, google the option chain for the security you’re looking at and yahoo finance should have that info.
Live in New Zealand
Jesus christ you really couldn’t have picked a worse comedian. Is Dane Cook your second favorite or something
Build, exceed, be good, smile, and get as much tail as you can.
Ahhh just like my dad , you should have pulled out before it was to late.
Itadori is like Ichigo minus the annoying.
The OGs obviously lost all their money gambling on the stonk market.
Yes
I don't think much will happen on Monday. Maybe later in the week will be interesting.
Cohen upped his position. Console cycle helped. Earnings saw a dip but then recovered. Big ramp up through the last couple weeks and the regular updates from DeepFuckingValue
Well what’s your other option?
Jack Ma needs to please the emperor of China. Make Xi’s daughter CEO of the company
BFT or ban
Maybe but only if I send you $10 and you 10x that
damn if I bought 2 /beetcoin futures contract I would be up 30k tomorrow if the price stays at $26.5k
All of them
Adds a tl;dr and then 3 pages of info nobody will read. Have fun buying movie theater stocks lmao lockdowns won't make them come back and the vaccine won't get rid of the virus so enjoy that ride
Diamond hands the IWM
Just a lot of hype and good management team. Just rumors and under 10.50
I'm replying this exact comment to every post on here that needs banning/deletion. Why? Because it's boring not being able to do my picks here any more, I am actually making money here and I'm sick of the fake players coming here to "discuss" how to undo their mom's bra strap while she's sleeping:

Last night I had a dream about Neo from The Matrix eating an apple, and it's a sign. I currently have 401 shares of NIO, bought in around $14-15 and bought more shares around $45 mark. I also have a bunch of SPCE that won't go up until Branson does. I had a dream about Neo from the Matrix eating an apple last night. With all the rumours about NIO and Apple working together, I'm selling spce and buying more nio.

My method of making picks: scroll this sub really fast until a combination of letters that looks appealing goes past, do the opposite of the third google news result when searching name, it works like a charm. Especially since the third post down is always Motley Fool and they're regularly Jon Snow-ing
In mid-November, I considered buying either BLNK or NIO.  Noticed this sub was high on both of them, but the NIO hype was much stronger. So, I bought NIO. 

BLNK would have been a much better buy. 

So, that's my story.
Memento mori, bitches
Buy the dip
AMEN. It drives me crazy how much the "popular" conversation topics have changed on here. Like I'm cool with it if you want to be "woke" and are a wanna be commie, but don't try to control my free speech.
Yeah man I only use brokerage apps that let me lose all my money before my deposit even clears.
Bunch of retards got a couple of dollars as a gift from their wife’s bf. 

On Monday we moon.
ICLN
Car dealers charging poors 29% in interests on cars they couldn’t afford in the first place. 🤡 Remember the housing crisis? Just you wait.
Not sure why you’re looking for a fight. I understand he’s served under both political parties. I am specifically referring to the handling of the coronavirus pandemic when I’m saying “escorted by the left”. I don’t need to point you to anything, you have google. I’ve read and listened to multiple accredited people discount Faucis credentials and the logic/science he uses. Since you’re apparently incompetent with your research, here’s an example that took me 15 seconds.

https://www.thedesertreview.com/opinion/columnists/open-letter-to-dr-anthony-fauci-regarding-the-use-of-hydroxychloroquine-for-treating-covid-19/article_31d37842-dd8f-11ea-80b5-bf80983bc072.html
worried about your BABA calls
What is THE dangour plz explain My bro
Buy The Dip

Short The VIX
Time to buy a steel company just for the ticker
It’s a stupid question, mostly because it’s been all over this sub and retail investing on the internet in general all year long, but here’s something

Ford - they make cars. Cars is an xxxxbillion dollar market. They make some % of cars, ergo they earn the revenue from that % of the market.  So some xxbillion, and we’ll say Ford is worth about that much. 

Tesla - battery tech, autonomous driving, solar & energy storage, [...], ELECTRIC VEHICLES. Each those industries has a market value to be capitalized on and you’ll notice EVs are not all of the ‘cars’ umbrella. In fact, you might say right now that since EVs are such a small % of cars sales that despite all the other stuff, they should be worth less than Ford for instance.

We look at it as market cap rather than just units or sales because it allows us to speculate into the future of these industries. Batteries & solar can be valued higher than their current worth because it’s assumed they’ll grow with tech and legislation - it’s also how speculative “bubbles” form.  It’s not impressive but expected for things to pick up and if your sales are only increasing by that much - you’re stagnating your market cap. You want to be growing faster than your industry. 

Now, cars as an industry is huge and fluctuates with demand only so much, as people need cars. But EVs are relatively a very very small industry. There is potential to increase from its single % market share of the overall car industry, to likely become the largest slice of that pie in time. A similar thing applies to energy - it’s becoming increasingly renewable, and that not only increases the demand for solar but also stationary energy storage aka batteries. 

Not even to mention the trillion dollar industry that will be autonomous vehicles some point in the future, TSLA sits at the intersection of several key innovative industries with leading tech in a bull market. Boomer Professional analysts were, until a few months ago I shit you not, still saying TSLA is just a car company. The reason so many retail folks made money off those shorts is because it’s technically and literally wrong. They operate within the ‘EV’ slice of the “cars” pie exclusively - so the key prediction is that they’ll retain a large portion of that slice as it begins to encompass the whole by 2030 when gas powered vehicles are no longer being sold in lots of places
I respectfully disagree. For me, and most likely others its a brotherhood of retards who help others "win" in life. Break out of old patterns, grow in life. You saw the donations to charity this sub made, you saw the posts of students finally paying off student loans. We don't just post gains/loss. Everyone here wants success,  and success for others. For me its a community of retards who I might even call... friends.
Puts on Zoom?
Seems like you should put in effort to make a good home for your kids and your dog.
Mysterious explosion in Nashville
there is no point in even having sex with the condom, there is a small of amount of value for future jerking
Is your max loss 20% post merger?  

I'll wait
I know this sub isn’t about long term holds, but yea I will be doing this with BABA.
Hire an Asian chick to wax them.
I can see that op is not the sharpest one if he can't see that but eh they will downvote whatever they believe in. I am long GME. My problem is only the person using the guilible for his agenda.
[deleted]
[deleted]
I need AMD to pop off to 100 by the end of next week
That's all of us in that fridge
SPY. It tracks the S&P 500.
And this one is worth $5366.55?
Yeah i wish
My 3/19 13c is dripping like crazy Might as well have bought stock
[removed]
Next year is in like a week ;)
I’m just asking to get an idea of your situation to give you advice. I think you shouldn’t panic sell personally, they might recover leading up to the 31st. I don’t really know about IWM but Tesla could easily fly through 660, maybe hit 700 even, who really knows. Anyway good luck man, I’m just some random person on Reddit
[deleted]
Live in the moment
I got 5 kids and one with medical problems. I cant do everything
Easily can manufacture appropriate hydrogen storage tanks. 

Pray tell how you're going to operate a Transatlantic shipping barge with batteries? Oh, you won't? Thats right, because it's impossible. Perhaps in 200 years we'll have good enough batteries by then. However, if you use hydrogen you can essentially just substitute it for gasoline. Also you get a 100% burn rate from the fuel, as opposed to gasoline which is roughly max 30% burnt so you're getting much better efficiency. Yes, batteries will work best for short range travel. But what about the other 90% of transportation modes? Boats, planes, trains, shipping, long range tractor trailers. You're never going to make those green with batteries.
**I am a bot and identified and tracked the following options picks within this post:**

|**Ticker**|**Strike**|**Type**|**Exp**|**Recorded Premium**|**Recorded Stock Price**|**OI**|**Volume**|
|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|
|**GME**|**$25**|**BUY CALL**|**2021-01-15**|**$1.63**|**$20.15**|**13462**|**1011**

[Realtime ROI](https://www.pickmojo.com/pick/ckj6b3y831b970747rv83aiwq) | [Track Record](https://www.pickmojo.com/user/TootInMySuit75/) | [Bot Info](https://www.reddit.com/r/pickmojo/comments/he9ghu/options_picks_tracking_bot_information/) | Leaderboard: [Week](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-week-reddit), [Month](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-month-reddit), [All](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/top-reddit) | [Exit this position](https://www.pickmojo.com/reddit_redirect)

**^(*Recorded after market close, will be recorded at the next market open if the premium is within 10% margin. My owner is monitoring these posts, reply with feedback! You can now track comments by mentioning me!)**
**I am a bot and identified and tracked the following options picks within this post:**

|**Ticker**|**Strike**|**Type**|**Exp**|**Recorded Premium**|**Recorded Stock Price**|**OI**|**Volume**|
|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|
|**TSLA**|**$660**|**BUY CALL**|**2020-12-31**|**$16.18**|**$661.77**|**4762**|**17338**
|**TSLA**|**$670**|**BUY CALL**|**2020-12-31**|**$11.29**|**$661.77**|**5111**|**12350**

[Realtime ROI](https://www.pickmojo.com/pick/ckj6b3xnk1b830747xf3k4qpj) | [Track Record](https://www.pickmojo.com/user/drhalxx/) | [Bot Info](https://www.reddit.com/r/pickmojo/comments/he9ghu/options_picks_tracking_bot_information/) | Leaderboard: [Week](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-week-reddit), [Month](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-month-reddit), [All](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/top-reddit) | [Exit this position](https://www.pickmojo.com/reddit_redirect)

**^(*Recorded after market close, will be recorded at the next market open if the premium is within 10% margin. My owner is monitoring these posts, reply with feedback! You can now track comments by mentioning me!)**
lol jesus what did i read.
Not so much that this is a great deal but more of a what the fuck else is out there that fits the size of this SPAC and wouldn't just go traditional IPO and double their valuation on day one like so many IPOs this year
[deleted]
No bro these are for people earning money - teachers etc, not students
Shut the fuck up, it's the weekend thread. Sorry free speech makes you triggered.
Did the older guys go to another place in reddit or quit to get a real job?
[removed]
TD Ameritrade you retard
[deleted]
Moon🚀🚀🚀
hahaha i hardly know her. I just met her once for coffee before this and I don't love her and we aren't anything. I met her on an app and am just gonna screw her.
Where did I say it wasn’t useful? 🤡
Dangerous to hold that long! Your premimum is locked in for too long! Rather sell weekly
I agree with that.
[deleted]
AMD 120 Shares 
Amd 2/19/21 $95 call
AMD 1/20/23 $100 call
Four BABA 1/8/21 $220 calls    
This is how my portfolio is looking wish me luck boyz
We will see when the merger is announced. Some of us will look like fools, while others will be proven correct.

You clearly don’t understand how this spac works. It’s incredibly unlikely to become a “bag holder” on this one, depending on your definition of “bag holder.” Since you have proven yourself to be a retard, let me spell it out for you: my max loss is 20% as I got in at <$24. My max gain is infinite. No matter what the merger is, I’ll either end this at a small to moderate loss or a fucking blowout gain
Nah ban this guy. Out here posting a 40 dollar loss. Put all of that 2k in a PLTR 40C or gtfo.
No worries, totally understandable, idk why people are downvoting you. GameStop is really not that popular nowadays, I just buy my games online anymore... crazy someone compared it to google lmao
happy holidays!
He’s right once every ten years, Gold is retarded but 10% gold in retirement account is enough
You can curse him all you want, but at the end of the day you know it's all your fault for buying weeklies at the top instead of monthlies at the dip
Whats significant about Monday?
What would be your suggest strike for those CSP's
600K aint that much. What would you do with it? ARK, cash secured puts?
You have the right , not the obligation to lose your money however you see fit.👍
Nothing, it’s garbage. If you’re going to another broker go to ToS.
Your post has been removed because a single link is insufficient DD. Please review the following links before resubmitting.

Please note that abusing DD flair can lead to getting banned.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

[How to conduct DD](https://www.wallstreetoasis.com/forums/on-the-job-with-simple-as-my-research-process)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Fuck bitches and get money
YAVE? All in!
It’s from China so uhhhh
Wait why are we bearish?
Hey i’m french canadian so 😅 sorry for typo! Was canadian drunk when I wrote this haha
Give diamond
Until it starts growing out and it gives u cactus balls
[removed]
[removed]
Sub was bearish 4 hours ago. What happened lol?
The sub is called Wall street bets. It’s not wall street questions, or a place to get info that you can google for yourself. Post a bet or some DD to discuss a bet or post it somewhere eles. I get it. I agree it’s better to educate people rather then shame them, but there is a tipping point that spam can ruin it for everyone.  If you see it however just explain that to them and give it constructive criticism along with your downvote.
Thought about buying calls on Christmas Eve but didn’t have the cash to take a huge loss if they didn’t pan out so bought shares instead. Still gonna be happy with the gains.
I don't have the stamina to go for 2 hours non stop lol. I will make her cum with my fingers first, then fuck her until I come, but I can only pump for like 10-15 minutes before I get too tired as I am a fatass.
Shame on you for not mentioning ICLN. if this etf gets meme-potential think of how much of a better place the world would be due to our shenanigans.
I never liked BABA. that's why I call it aliBLAHBLAH
Definitely man. VSPR, and JIH are both really solid plays with VERY little downside. I see vspr at an easy 20 in the next couple months. I also think THCB is a GREAT play but very risky right now since there is no DA. But if that DA hits, this will be a 50 dollar stock minimum.

Just a heads up. I have positions in all of these but try to remain as unbiased as possible with my trading.
Because this is an autistic GME family that’s generous bc we are about to 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀 and uberkiks is awesome
Bro, don’t go running. You’ll be in pain come night full.
yea what the fuck you doing with condoms?  if you love her you will trust she doesn't have diseases
So Big Red on Open???
I fucking love cobra kai. Everyone been sleeping on this show. KOBRA KAI NEVER DIES
Or he could try selling more than a couple hundred thousand cars per year.
I like to let it build for a few days before spewing it all over your Mom’s back. I’m sure to pull out - don’t want to make another retard.
Seems fake and gay
Last night I had a dream about Neo from The Matrix eating an apple, and it's a sign. I currently have 401 shares of NIO, bought in around $14-15 and bought more shares around $45 mark. I also have a bunch of SPCE that won't go up until Branson does. I had a dream about Neo from the Matrix eating an apple last night. With all the rumours about NIO and Apple working together, I'm selling spce and buying more nio.

My method of making picks: scroll this sub really fast until a combination of letters that looks appealing goes past, do the opposite of the third google news result when searching name, it works like a charm. Especially since the third post down is always Motley Fool and they're regularly Jon Snow-ing
what da fackkkk
It’s so bad all of us foaming at the mouth right now just wanting to click “buy call”
Straight razor, safety razor, or clippers.  If straight you have my admiration and prayers.
Last night I had a dream about Neo from The Matrix eating an apple, and it's a sign. I currently have 401 shares of NIO, bought in around $14-15 and bought more shares around $45 mark. I also have a bunch of SPCE that won't go up until Branson does. I had a dream about Neo from the Matrix eating an apple last night. With all the rumours about NIO and Apple working together, I'm selling spce and buying more nio.

My method of making picks: scroll this sub really fast until a combination of letters that looks appealing goes past, do the opposite of the third google news result when searching name, it works like a charm. Especially since the third post down is always Motley Fool and they're regularly Jon Snow-ing
Whatever *you* do is right. Unless it's sucking dick, that's always wrong.
Well I've always won with IWM, I needed something friendly
Form llc, fund llc, trade with llc. Or do the same with an ira
Keep the dog and send the kids to a good home
Trying to figure out why people keep recommending webull over robinhood. Slow deposits, no instant access. What is better about it?
Third this
BETZ
Zero worries about the monopoly hearings in this thread. Ma pissed off Papa Xi, they’ll burn his legacy for the fun of it if they want.
[removed]
Hell no! Unless you wanna cum in 5 mins. I would masturbate right before going out for a date. And then fuk her for 2 hrs nonstop.
from the above positions? tsla is 1k down, IWM 1k up. Generally I don't want to talk about it
Read the title
If you do a YOLO do you have to all in on one comany? Or can you do it across like 2-3?
Sad locked down kids. Felt right at the time
Not sure why your getting downvoted, people may not be clever enough to read through his bullshit and posts timing though. It was made evidently clear to me by another redditor last night. Sir JAL lead me to believe STIC was going into a reverse merger with BARK, without identifying that STIC would only retain 12.5% of BARK once BARK IPO was released at $10/share. STIC now under investigation. Sir JAL never circled back to include this info. I followed him on his original post, stupidly and blindly.

For those reading this, abort Sir JAL posts.
It will save you money down the road, if you can’t read between the lines now you’ll be able to when your out a lot of money while he’s posting more pics of his gains.
[deleted]
The answer is GME, now what’s the question
I read

> As you might expect from a **booming** business

as 

> As you might expect from a **boomer** business
To be fair they aren't for people to eat, they work with pet foods and stuff
I'll be using my computer
CRSP is the play here, Backed by Dear Cathie Wood
You’re made of spare parts, aren’t ya bud?
It is when you make it a business expense. Plus now we can write off our meals so hey bottoms up on that top shelf
Why is this in this sub. Go to penny stocks good lord.
Yes, I agree. There is a point to each side of the argument.  But spoon feeding leads to a individual knowing, who will then spoon feed others. However I know I can't change your mind, therefore,  gg.
Oh shit you're right
🚨 🚨🚨🚨🚨
Agreed on AMT however just by the March Calls for both. They report in late Feb hence you’ll have  the earnings pump closer to expiration.
Couple tuna rolls and a season of One Piece
Wow guys, don't make me fuck both your assholes. You're both poor bag holders
You know what, I need to watch that again. I had no idea what a stock is when I watched it
what makes you think that
Somebody ban this guy
Papa musk needs to offer another stock split to send us to 1 trillion before EOY
[deleted]
... and vegemite.
Just shaved my nuts. Feels good
Hahaha says who? It's literally the same thing, if not more efficient than gasoline. The "additional steps" are..... buy distilled water, use energy to separate it on site, sell it? 
As opposed to gasoline which you have to drill for, extract, ship, process and refine, ship again, tax along the way. 
You could even mass manufacture hydrogen and ship it elsewhere too if you wanted to. Which doesn't cause any issues because... well... we already do it? 

Also, slandering me as a NKLA investor lmao? You've got nothing else besides that hahahaha
GME or ban
I second this
It’s still popular with enterprise businesses
The last time it shut down spy rose from 240 to 265, however that was dec24th 2018 to an 21st 2019 and the reasoning for the shutdown was different but the stock market did rise in that timeframe last time
Step it up bro
It's kind of become like Google searches for me. I assume the product I like on amazon is on page 1 or 2 or it just doesn't exist. So essentially trusting amazon/google to do all the work for me. 

I would love for gme employees to be compensated with stock in addition to their regular wages. I'm sure they have enough shares bought back from the low $4s to do this. It also let's workers know their daily actions affect things all the way to the top of the ladder, rather than oh it's just a job.
One way or another, 2021 is going to be a hell of a year for you.  Good luck bro
PLTR 30 1/22/21

HERE WE GO BOYS
[deleted]
HBO max is the way to go
🤡
Not in a high COL city and if you like to travel
Here 


https://www.scmp.com/tech/policy/article/3115344/alibaba-antitrust-probe-not-sign-winter-coming-new-start-tech-industry
Gme , bft, pltr or ICLN?
[removed]
good ideas
Currently have no case. 10/10
Yea, I wanna know too. PLTR is done (for the short term).
I feel like you’re the guy getting tricked by Leonardo DiCaprio in The Wolf of Wallstreet...
pltr sell al your bagholders and yolo fomo allin! than sell coverd calls for 573 per contract strike 50 exp 21/01/22 ez money farm hia hia yolo
Are there any spac plays that you’re looking into to start out Q1?
You're made of spare parts, aren't you bud?
Great analogy for incompetent management
I'm really jealous of RIOT call holders rn.
Just hydrate and get plenty of sleep, sonny.
Lol in your generation. I'm 30, she is 31.
[removed]
Priorities.
Yep that’s why if you fuck with them you short the one everyone in penny land is hyping. Penny stocks don’t become google. The odds are in your favor that they go down
[removed]
It's great. Certainly retard viewing approved.
Thats the just of it but don't most people turn around and sell the option for the premiums after it's in the money?
What’s your p/l?
If the market is green pending those reasons you really gotta wonder
Showing $500 gains 😂😂😂
Tesla to 700 next week
Puts on your parenting skills
I feel like you should have seen this coming. Time to let another family adopt the dog.
[removed]
This really depends how much you won this year plus salary, can easily hit the cap.
It’s just speculation,
Did this retard really just put TSLA and IWM in the same sentence? Man you really belong here
Lmao
Oh, the issue is more around staying erect with the condom on. No condom no problem. But this lady it will be our first time together and I just met her off the app and so I don't think no condom is a good idea. I don't really watch porn, I am more into erotic fiction.
Puts on having children.
Worldwide demand decreased by 2 to 6 percent YOY in 2020 due to pandemic. Demand is forcasted to increase by 3.8% in 2021 and 3.6 in 2022.Prices although are nearing all time highs. So while you are correct it offsets some just not to that extent. MT is multinational but a lot of thier business is Indian ( I dont know the percentage). India just banned steel and Iron ore exports. I think that bodes  well,as it means its in demand within India.
been in since may, shit literally just keeps going up and up
[deleted]
Stop paying unemployment tax got it
Which is...?

Asking for a friend
Roku stock split

https://www.nasdaq.com/articles/stock-split-watch%3A-is-roku-next-2020-12-24

Real or fake and gay?
This DD is cringey as fuck but OP is probably right. I'm in.
be that good home, anon.

be that good home
End of trading Monday or Tuesday to lock in capital losses for 2020?
If you think of that line as a health bar then technically you are about to beat the market and win the game
When is the next big DD coming? The next pltr please....
I guess if he using condoms maybe it doesn't matter, nobody used condoms in my generation (im 33)
Female who thinks they’re autistic but aren’t really r/fakedisordercringe
More info?
Its always been shit. Ban.
You mean to say you learned nothing from your mistakes?
Thanks this comment reminded me to take profit on my 50x short position. Ez 5k. Now when do I go long....
You're the man. Going to look into all of this and get back to you. Never thought online security could be so exciting. lol
? What happened to riot
Just here for the lolz 🤠
[removed]
You see the report China’s Transport Ministry is helping to build fast charging stations for NIO?  Unless this BABA shit affect NIO again that stock will moon
The dems don’t need to win they just need to look as if they have a decent chance. Also if Trump doesn’t sign the Bill by this evening damage will have been made. But do agree w your assessment.
I think he is calculating the \_Xbagger value. Keep using it, that term will be on Investupedia in a week
Finally, found a comment that makes sense. 

oops I forgot: Lmao you retard, go spend your Christmas money buying tampons!
[removed]
Bullish af.
Its a hedge against inflation and a substitute for bonds when you have zero interest rates since you might as well get value appreciation in gold
Nobody tell him

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Bro that sucks lol
15 and 13 year old wanted a dog. Now they dont want to take care of him. I want him to go to a good home but the kids are being selfish and want something to pet.
Why would you sell right before the ticker change? This is like dkng but with a bigger and more profitable TAM. Look at the difference in market caps and do the math on how far this puppy can run. Get in Monday and hold that shit, son.
[removed]
Six is the only way
Yeah im trynna fuc
I just need like 600k is that too much to ask?!?
[deleted]
He's a retarded boomer but that doesn't mean that gold isn't a good investment
If you are blowing up your account you should be practicing in a taxable account.  Do it in Roth once you know what you are doing
Found the PSTH bagholder
Once upon a time this sub used to revel in bad bets but also be useful to prevent stupid mistakes and now it all revels in it.
Meh!

Been following this company for weeks. Not interested at the moment. Narrative is amazing (they’re in 5G antenna tech,etc) but need some more substance from their vision.
Did they try and shoot down a plane with an artillery gun?
Millions of people just lost jobless benefits. Hope you had a holly jolly Christmas!
Wish my rh would allow that😂
There’s not going to be a post saying “BABA is innocent”. Point is official Chinese media is already trying to downplay the investigation.
Holmes and Milton would make an entertaining prison reality show
Getting leaps cause I expect a downturn in the next few months that will hit everything including GME.  In the end the bears really are going to get absolutely ass blasted when this thing goes to $30-35 over the course of the next year.
Let’s MEME it and give a 🖕to China
[removed]
Understanding the VIE structure of Chinese stocks has given me great pause on long investment.
Holy shit, RIOT you fucker!
They all suck compared to TAN
[deleted]
What customer service? I tried it. I never got anyone on the phone. I did get useless replies to my emails. I asked if they offered interest bearing accounts. They replied I was pre-approved for their credit card.
Ban
[deleted]
I unsubscribed after the front page post that was like "Hi, I'm a woman and have been trading for 6 months, and I have advice for all of you"
Primary; if your issue is you can’t get/stay erect, try doubling down on your porn addiction.
Damn. You have no taste.
I am doing fine thanks.
Why is every comment getting awards
[removed]
[deleted]
Yeah.  I mean, just with the volume, it would appear with almost 100% certainty to be a spread.

Which sorta doesn't jive, unless Melvin is *adding* to their bear position.  And why would Melvin put on a bullish put spread?

That's why I wonder if this is someone else.

Or maybe it's not a spread at all, and it's just made to look like one. :)
All in!
How do you make so much every week with only that many shares? Are you doing weeklies?
[removed]
Alright hunter
> Gme
[deleted]
ICLN is literally free money. This decade is for clean energy
GL being poor
Shorting is also risky lol because they sometimes moon x5
There also exist Roth 401k at some companies for which one can do 19500 per year
I fucking love PSTH
Or “what should I buy this week? When should I get in to X? When should I sell?” 

Also any question that can be instantly answered with google should not belong here lmao.

Theres a line between teaching and spoon feeding...
No idea. 
Hedgeeye placed a PT of 50+. 
Some random anonymous dude on the internet said even higher.
[deleted]
Best porn video ever
Boeing 300 end of week
I don’t see the part saying that Baba is innocent. I wouldn’t count on a green Monday.
so if I'm an American college student studying in Canada should I try to get a 403b from my uni?
CSP's are a good play but less expedient especially given the potential catalyst in the coming weeks
GL bagholding
[removed]
July 15 puts getting crushed
It's viable in a sense you can make it work, yes. But why would it be cheaper/easier than batteries? Not saying you can't use hydrogen, it works, it's just not practical given that we have a much easier alternative called batteries that relentlessly get 10% more efficient each year with no signs of slowing down.

They are also less explosive which is nice. Imagine you have a hydrogen car in your garage and it starts leaking overnight...
I think that the VIE alarmism on Reddit is unwarranted. They won’t wipe that away and that is the wrong risk to look at.

HOWEVER, if the ccp does decide to go nuclear and make an example of BABA, THAT is a risk worth discussing. The negative impact on the business would obviously impact the profit sharing in the VIE (it’s a fixed contract). Long way of saying, if you think the government is gonna fuck BABA sell, if not buy the dip. I bought the dip but had already hedged with a put option which is now very ITM, so curious to see how this shakes out. My bet is a short term rally followed by a slow drip of negative news. (I do think the ccp means business this time.)
Lol this guy has penny stock loss soft porn
He wants to be the CEO of Theranos
That should tell you a lot
So true.  They have gotten worse with time.
I'm buying mara and riot at 4am
I can’t believe what I’m reading
I think the fact that retards like me couldn't trade the last days, will lead to an immediate explosion 💥 of stocks simply because people are so pumped. I need to pump into Tesla as soon as possible. How do I mark this DD ?
Not familiar with it but looks like it’s a bit played out just from initial glance
I too like to live dangerously $50 1/22/23
Reading these threads, discovering DFV/RK's YouTube channel... best Christmas ever. 💎🤚
That’s a feature for stock holders...
Go back to r/stocks, your loser stench is making me gag
Roth you retard
Should I sell everything in RH and dump it all into nio at 46 ?
he is a clown at this point
Wsb is not intended to be educational. We are here to make money and pretend we lose money.
[deleted]
When is Trevor Milton going to jail for this one?
I do. The collisons are obviously trolling, and they select their words carefully. “No such deal” is an entirely different phrase than “not happening” or “not going public.” People just desperately want loud mouths on wsb to be wrong, so they are super quick to make that verdict when in fact they are the ones to be proven fools in the end.

After the meeting concluded earlier this year between ackman and the collisons, ackman said stripe wasn’t ready and stripe subsequently started rapidly hiring for investor relations and SOX positions. They have repeatedly said they will not ipo, however. Remember, they select their language carefully, and a merger with a spac is not the same as an ipo.
You can make some decent money shorting whatever getting hyped 3 months out.
PayPal actually has the worst customer service on the entire planet
My parents taught me not no be a little bitch and not get offended by strangers on reddit. Sad you didn’t get these lessons at your foster care.
What do y’all think about February calls on LIT? $61-$63
BAN
Will this be good for my UVXY calls?
Right. If anything they will get government money so puts is probably not the play
Well, we all did.
Wrong wrong. If all babies and adults are healthy, shadows would want more and more wage slaves to work under their enterprises. Birth control puts.
i hope so
i mean i'm sure it's made a little dent on the social security fund
Can’t short penny stocks. Best bet is to catch an industry wide range like cannabis or right now shrooms or don’t fuck with them at all.
This sub has been flooded with retards we are closer to r/stocks than the original wsb for sure
Shrek green.  At least 10%
QQQJ looks promising, what about LIT?
Take a photo of your un-wiped asshole and send it to her like a true HVM
Best plays next week?
Riot
Gme
Mara
Mgni
Mvis?
How can you see what the volume is on a particular call?
There’s a highschooler who has made (and is making) millions off of the prison break game. Roblox also has an insane amount of users
Slow clap
Fib is @ 29k
[deleted]
I remember buying AAPL puts in late February. Good times. Paid for my wife’s Acura.
GME TO THE MOON 🚀🚀🚀 

FUCK THE SHORTS AND FUCK THE 🏳️‍🌈🐻'S
At least we are self aware retards. That's why I love this place 💕
Yes. But nothing says a virulent variant can't evolve note transmissibility as well.
Wow you called it so early
Penny stocks are a joke and one of the easiest ways to lose money.
No mercy for the retarded is there?
Nio green or red Monday?
[removed]
[deleted]
Is Peter Schiff a genius and I should go load on gold or just a boomer not connected with the future
https://www.scmp.com/tech/policy/article/3115344/alibaba-antitrust-probe-not-sign-winter-coming-new-start-tech-industry

Probably shitting their pants to reassure foreign investment. BABA should have a good rebound
Last night I had a dream about Neo from The Matrix eating an apple, and it's a sign. I currently have 401 shares of NIO, bought in around $14-15 and bought more shares around $45 mark. I also have a bunch of SPCE that won't go up until Branson does. I had a dream about Neo from the Matrix eating an apple last night. With all the rumours about NIO and Apple working together, I'm selling spce and buying more nio.

My method of making picks: scroll this sub really fast until a combination of letters that looks appealing goes past, do the opposite of the third google news result when searching name, it works like a charm. Especially since the third post down is always Motley Fool and they're regularly Jon Snow-ing
Looks like I have to average up on GME
You lost me @ "an other"
ICLN - Clean energy
You call that a loss? 

I lose more than that every day to my wife’s boyfriend who charges me to watch them make sweet sweet love
[deleted]
[removed]
I skipped through and read you talked to a therapist.. Gonna pass on the rest. It's a no from me dawg.
PSTH
Aye aye captain no fucks given.
why is that?
[deleted]
Award me
Wait? The female version of an incel? Since when was it hard for girls to get dates? What the fuck 🤣
Ah so just musk dick got it
What a fucking loser. Your parents raise you to be such a bitch or is that in your nature?
I don’t know how patient you are or your situation. Double your money for sure. I’m not selling anything under $20
I’ve been doing this for years. I total a phone every 6 months though
Drunk me with an iPhone disagrees
I’m calling it Saturday afternoon. BEARS R FUK.
lol that’s not how that works
I've had plenty of practice lol, but thanks for looking out
Check AMT & CCI they are under the REIT category however their business model is very different from a traditional REIT. Specially CCI looks very tasty (low IV = small moves will pay).
[removed]
🤠. Also don’t buy at open it usually pumps then drops
Y tho?
On reflection I was offering "typical" legal advice.  Technically correct but not that useful.  You're right.  Melvin's too big and they've got enough tentacles you wouldn't want to burn relationships.  Also they're big enough to make you a test case.  So please allow me to retract
Why are they gonna explode??
Learn to read dumbass, I already sold
No
Looks like it
Damn. Being able to afford Premiums on Amazon C’s must be niceeeee. Maybe they will buy out BB so I can get in on the pie (BB 2022 calls cheep as fuck right now y’all) pump my shi... I mean get in while you can.
Both
In every country, for most of history
Never? Gain so little
Practice, practice my dude.
I wish I bought more at $3.80.
r/stocks has some real retards
Spent 20 seconds scrolling through OP’s history. 

He’s a Realtor and/or Insurance Agent.

Which means he makes : $20k—>$1mil a year 

Depending if he hustles or is broke A.F and can’t manage expenses / leads.

I’m autistic. I do these things.
Yes please
Then sell, idgaf
Looks good.
That was a lot of text just to say that you didn't like the re-make of Charlie and the Chocolate Factory...maybe next time you can just show us all a graph of your monies going uppies or downies, thx
There's a certain virtual asset available for trading..
Just like my account, I tend to tank my rating
anyone got numbers from this week?
No one knows. Check our guy's videos. A lot of thought went into this one.

You might find yours similarly in a highly shorted or neglected name or an early-stage or upcoming SPAC. Fortunately, Ryan Cohen took a large stake in GME, as seen in filings late August (again recently), there was the MSFT news, and brick and mortar retail overall saw incredible strength the last few months, on top of many other considerations.

Note there are killer opportunities all the time. World market cap just went over 100T this month. Money keeps flowing from one instrument to another and inter and intra-sector. You don't have to necessarily pick the next anything.

X had a once-in-a-decade move up, gene editing has caught fire, some SPAC commons/ post mergers have been 10 baggers, recent hacking news and emerging details were catalysts to make CRWD and FEYE into absolute beasts to name a couple. Crapc0in's ripping has led to SQ and PYPL running (and MARA, which I am not in..). ICLN, TAN, and SPWR have been powerhouses. Everybody needs TSM's cutting-edge chip fabs.. yada, yada. BABA news AH Wed. was exactly the catalyst to make PDD rip on Thurs. Do you know that the 0dte 145s  were 100-baggers in 1 hour?

Missed those? No worries. There will be plenty more. Best to be fully aware of the market macro and microstructure, potential catalysts, etc., so when the opportunity hits you feel it almost unmistakably.

That's the best nonanswer I can muster. Here's a cool trick, though: magic 8 ball, should I YOLO it all in NKLA? (edit: hmm, bot is not answering)
Penny stocks are the fucking worst of all stocks. If you going to fuck in penny stocks your best bet is to short them.
I bought a NCLH 20c 1/2022 leap. My breakeven is 30.55, What strike and lengths should I sell calls? Weeklies above my breakeven are like almost no premium. Should i just take the small premiums until it gets closer to my breakeven? Never done a leap PMCC before
Great video!  Could add a few more shots of Elon.  \*Especially\* with notaflamethrower.
You're assuming I have the money to sell a call/put...
We’re not done with them yet, they’ll get listed, and the boomers will marvel at our brilliance and screech in confusion.
Exactly. At least read the FAQ
What do you predict the shares price could reach?
Haven't heard of F U S E yet. Any info on it other than that it will be Fintech?
What strike?
401k through a real employer (not like Wendys)

403b same as above but for schools, some hospitals, and other non profits

457 for govament folk

Or IRA independent of employer but you need earned income for the tax year you contribute.
Oh nice! I wish I bought more at 13,80$...
Well done with the battery life!
its not my first time having sex lol.
To me it's no big deal, he was sounding hostile so I reacted accordingly
MARA or RIOT?
All about perspective, thanks bro.
Don’t get me wrong, taxes suck, for people that bust their hump all week working. But taxes on gains or lotto? Gtfoh
[deleted]
I also miss him more than I miss your dad
Looks like you got it right ;)
Maybe it'll be better if I hold off on masturbating until then
Party of one I’m afraid. Needed to get out of the house for a couple hours after 3 days of non stop extended family time.
Buying shares in BABA for long term hold, what do y'all think?
I would say to go fuck a hooker first so you don’t look like a 🤡 when the day comes
i'm gonna let my dj play this at my club wenne my Yolo worked out on pltr!
HA
Oh yes, and judging by the run on Roblox gift cards over Christmas, their earnings are nuts.  Target and Walmart couldn't keep them on the racks.  

source: I was trying to buy some for my kids and they kept running out.
G M motherfuckin’ E
what was the sub like before?
She's out of town, shes the only one on my rotation...
Not even GME or PLTR or TSLA. Ban.
I have some Feb. call spreads. Hoping this or earnings 🚀🚀🚀
Weird flex but okay. Then what’s the issue
ROTH is great however my income exceeds the limit.
They were returning the gifts PUTS
Now if you had said 

>After I put a few holes in the *basement* wall, my *mom* made me get a whiteboard...

This would’ve been way more believable
Even better. Ya boy is walking distance.
Does anyone have any news on SunHydrogen?
How bad was your case?
I haven't used a phone case in five years or so. Phones are quite hard to break at this point.
Looks like youre winning to me your balance was 69,ooo 💩 very nice numbers
And waste 5 days of intimate pleasure?
I have 20x 145 dec21 and 10x 90 dec21 calls aswells as 105 1/15/21x20
RIOT is going to explode on monday
oooo.. getting the TSLA bear downvotes my man.. that's how you know to go all in TSLA 😎

I have a $65k position
[deleted]
Does having a professional look at your shit reduce your liability if you’re audited?
Fuel cell 25$ by eoy
I want it to be stripe too but don’t see it happening
Why would you wait 5 days to get laid
Oh I don't have that problem. If anything I have the opposite problem because condoms just mess my shit up and I can't feel much.
I can’t take it anymore. OPEN THE MARKETS
Thanks babe
That's nothing I want a shot to cure all diseases
Compared to Bambi HELL YEAH!
Stock - 69%... nice. must be the key to success
[deleted]
Now that's what I call a V-shaped recovery, props dude
Priced in
Sell puts in a sideways market.
Bout to win this 6:00 tournament in Rocket League
Does it still hold up today? I’ve been thinking about watching it since I watched this clip a few days ago. I feel like it’ll fit my retarded humor.
So it takes 10 seconds instead of 5
I have yoyoed between 187lbs and 178lbs 3 times in last 2 months lol. Puts on me.
I’ve been building a massive position into Blackberry and I’m clenching teeth to see where this thing is going in the next couple months its so hard to tell at this point.
This guy gets it
I posted something similar but the heard doesn’t want to hear it. I didn’t even suggest a correction but rather a surge in the VIX.  But according to the experts the market never goes down.  So just post a rocket emoji and one of the 5 stocks they know.  You’ll be loved by the WSB masses.
GME is going to rip this whole week
Let's goooo 🚀🚀🚀
Ty my good sir 😌
ALL I NEED IS THE TICKER AND IM SOLD 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
I typically keep 20% of my portfolio in 3-5 “active positions”, the other 80% is in long term calls or shares.

Right now the 20% is:

PLTR 2/19 15c
CRM 3/19 240/250 call debit spreads
ARKG 4/16 105/115 call debit spreads
AMD 4/16 95/105 call debit spreads

The “active” portion of my portfolio is typically more skewed towards the credit side but with relatively low volatility I ended up all on debit. I’ll cut the PLTR 15c loose on Monday to pay down a holiday credit card bill and start looking for new credit opportunities.
No but it is too far when you sound butt hurt over reddit
Raymond James gave it a $330 target just yesterday
Dudes actively ensuring a two pump session wtf
Closing stores in not bearish. I’m open to seeing bearish DD on GME but this is just wrong
This is fucked up
Fucka. DD you’re my DD
This is the way
Got it. 

GTO play : 

Max IRA 

Or for Canadians TFSA / RRSP 

Never go full retarded. 

Risk of ruin is a thing. 

ICM = don’t pussy out until the gains become life changing.

Learn to run hot in stonks.
[deleted]
Exactly
I cant count higher than 5 with a phone in my hand
This guy hates money
lets not forget nio day coming in early january!!!!LEts go nio!!!
ZM giving info to pooh bear, but covid20 strangle or put
Rudolph is such a chad
Can you tell when we started to tell that you started trading options and we didn't give a shit?
Look at what even a couple percent move per month would do to Amazon’s market cap. Then look at how much revenue they generate. Do the research do the math. People are nice and fun here but to be blunt. Nobody’s gonna fucking hold your hand
Let's hope so
I’m thinking 20$ at least but do your own dd
He is way too cool for this.
I’ve been doing it for like 6 months and it fucking rules but I should not be risking having to buy a whole nother iPhone
Yeah that’s why it was discounted even before the shit got loose. I don’t gamble I buy shares and hold. The political risk at this point is not worth it for me personally. Also there is the delisting threat as I think US-China relations will be getting even worse going forward. So even if it doesn’t get delisted, you have to be always ready for selloffs on news that discuss it.
[deleted]
[deleted]
I’ve heard of this. I must watch now that wsb is on it
Keep doing god work on this sub thank you for the motivation!
Fucking guy is brilliant 👏🙌
I absolutely agree. I don't mind a newfriend coming along, but fuck man, at least read the rules. The amount of #4 and #8 abuses are rampant.
100 shares @ $20 will result in $13000 profit. 100 shares @$16 will result in $13400 profit. (@$150 PT)

Just a little off in your calculations.
Go back to 2013
At noon I feel like laying down after bending over to put my tendies and mozza sticks in the microwave, and at 3 AM I feel like helicopter dicking in the middle of the street
Where are your EMAs, MACD, Chaikin oscillator, Stochastic, Fibonacci levels, etc.? I literally can't tell wtf is going on with this chart based on RSI and that poorly drawn trend line. Just saying.
So you just learned how the market works and you're asking why Amazon hasn't done better? You have no regard for fundamentals, you use your gut, so you belong here.
Qs went over 130
ICLN makes me ppp hard and QQQJ
Why?
All in Xi's hand
[removed]
Uh pretty sure. I said I'd text her day of and she said sounds great and sent me her number. Think she really wants it.
The only evidence is that we've been closely following their tactics for a long time and it surely smells like a continuation of their recent tactical plays.
[removed]
I think in general it's good to be more reserved, but yeah, the DD on this is solid.

A once in a lifetime opportunity.
My wife’s boyfriend made me upvote
$MSOS but I think this will be slow and steady growth, probably not what us retards want.
[deleted]
Not just any Wagyu, Japanese A5 Wagyu!
🙏🏻🙏🏻
Remember when the lame stream media was shitting all over Cathie Wood for her 7000 price target on TSLA Pre-Split

We're pretty much half way there, guess she's laughing her way to the bank 🤷‍♂️
Source?
One down vote? Uhh, OK? Praise the haters that are saying Nikola will never go anywhere???
[deleted]
Chipotle if sober and having a sensible, reasonably sized meal. Taco Bell if stoned seven ways from Sunday and planning to watch Family Guy reruns.
Disliking this post so I can try and get in at a decent price on Monday
Really appreciate your insight here, dude. I'm largely bullish on EVs/hydrogen/batteries/other green-tech but new to active investing so still needing to take the time to formulate proper theses.   


I've been reading some good things about $RMG and I am somewhat heartened that it hasn't blown up here or on the SPACs sub.   


Do you mind if I follow you on Stocktwits?
Thanks. Now I get it.
Not really. Most of my positions are set in leaps. And waiting on something to pull back before deploying rest of my cash. Still have work though.
Guys fuuuk I just watched some videos of people cruising around miami beach n shit in the new flight simulator 2020 and damn that looks so amazing!😫
Now I have a first goal for yoloing my small 🥔💵 , buying a super high gaming pc and crusing round there.
After that comes of course going there again in real life, fuck you money type of shit
You suck at what you're doing. You need a plan. Entry and exit strategy.
I laughed, I cried and I jumped out of my seat for joy watching this masterpiece.
This human has a big brain.
Bought CLOU 35c 0618 for $0.40 and it's now like $0.80 so I approve
My Chinese grad students spent their entire life’s in the library.  When Friday came around, off they went to the library. While my Americans students binged on any form of alcohol they could procure (it’s Friday night, time to party!) till they became comatose. 



And we blame the Chinese for studying too hard. Always a bit confusing to me.
how does one do this?
I knew there was a big spread entered... I saw it posted elsewhere.  Is there evidence that it's Melvin?  Sorry, I didn't research anything more, and don't follow any Twitter folks.
you should do it every day, especially day of
Me too!
What are y’all’s top bearish and bullish plays this week? To me GME is looking juicy for a February put and ICLN has been making me hard every morning
This holiday weekend thread feels longer that the thanksgiving one. Already agitated.
[deleted]
I’m drunk change my mind
Its not a pump and dump, its becoming a fantastic hedge against the USD and the stock market bubble, it is like gold as the boomers say
Leave Cramer aloooone
Gtfo nobody cares about 1k. We piss that away in 30 sec.
I don’t know the absolutes. But, I know probabilities. 

Elon is probably not taking any of his companies public via spac. Why the fuck would he need to.

Bill ackman is probably not merging with a fast food company. I don’t see Seth klarman jumping on a fucking restaurant chain, to the tune of 3.5% of his portfolio (larger stake than aapl), in the midst/aftermath of a fucking pandemic, as opposed to something revolutionary.

This is going to most likely be stripe or Bloomberg. Those are the only two good targets, every other suggestion is a load of horse shit
[deleted]
I hope the same for you & your family.
Ban
[deleted]
This guy thinks he’s the life of the party
You are clearly not a man of culture.

Ozarks was great. Season 2 was even better.
It will never be worth amazon because of China. It it still a good play at its current price.
I bought 5500 shares at 4.50 and you autists told me to sell lmao
No! I'm gay!
How inconsiderate do you have to be to not empty the septic tank before you blow up a city block.
BBY(Best Buy) brand value = 17 Billion

GME is next on the consumer top of mind list. The brand value of the NAME ALONE is 5x+ the current market cap.

AND

GME is first tier ownership of their customer data.

Cohen interest = Young internet pro taking the reigns.

They just paid 100 million of debt down = ratings upgrade soon = more institutional ownership at some point in the future.

New console cycle.

Microsoft revenue sharing deal (a first for MS)

HUGE short interest that HAVE to cover sometime.

🚀🚀🚀 \[̲̅$̲̅(̲̅ ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°̲̅)̲̅$̲̅\] 🚀🚀🚀
[removed]
If I had to pick a reason...because retail sales rose less than expected, unemployment benefits are shutting off today for millions of Americans and Trump refused to sign the bipartisan stimulus. Other than that, things are going great.
Really not that hard
Do you not have any decision or trades to make in the next 5 days?
wildcard bitches!
[deleted]
Tech Shares  ->  

Uber/Lyft Calls & Weed Calls + Snap Shorts  ->

Spy Shorts into airline calls.
No! I'm gay!
BBY(Best Buy) brand value = 17 Billion

GME is next on the consumer top of mind list. The brand value of the NAME ALONE is 5x+ the current market cap.

AND

GME is first tier ownership of their customer data.

Cohen interest = Young internet pro taking the reigns.

They just paid 100 million of debt down = ratings upgrade soon = more institutional ownership at some point in the future.

New console cycle.

Microsoft revenue sharing deal (a first for MS)

HUGE short interest that HAVE to cover sometime.

🚀🚀🚀 \[̲̅$̲̅(̲̅ ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°̲̅)̲̅$̲̅\] 🚀🚀🚀

(going to make this a comment also)
Don't blow it like I did please
We can do better than that.
Anything inside 45dte is clock ticking style theta burn though.
seems like a sad knock off of zjz's bots
[deleted]
I went ceaseless yesterday and it’s really a game changer. Not Bc I’m rich but Bc I want to live on the wild side!
Sold at 275 after getting retarded enough to buy the dip at 290. Part of me thinks it’s the amazon of china but another part thinks that CCP and pooh will stop at nothing to make sure everyone understands they are the boss. Baba is not the first one to get screwed. Besides these are not actual shares of BABA and instead some “promises”.
I agree, seems like people are scared to ask questions because they’ll get roasted lol
If you are gonna get laid in 5 days, should you avoid masturbation until that day?
[deleted]
Buy leaps 🎅🏿
Stonks only go up long term you retard
This had been my play too. If too many ppl here show interest than I’m bailing. Shitron will have a field day
Pleas ban/delete this shitty post
[deleted]
Ticker name?
So gold is seen as a hedge against market instability. However, if you look at the price of something like GLD through this year  its almost exactly matched the movement of most equities.
Share the ticker?
Would you like to be the last guy in a bukaki line
The FBI has a “person of interest” from Antioch TN in custody.
Been in APHA just after the STZ deal with CGC. Thicc Vic was the shit until Hindenburg, then Simon. Made some money but than pulled out before elections missing out on a nice run. Was hoping to get in but Pot stocks just kept running throughout November. Haven’t got back in and missed out on the merger news. I’m not a fan of Tilroy Jenkins (TLRY) but understand the momentum this will bring with the name in the US, unlike Apha. Problem is, what are tlry execs going to be paid once the merger is complete. Will prob get back in, but my portfolio is currently mostly in GME atm. 
I think that the price will come down to the mid 6s range, and if so will get back in. But TLRY has a lot of deadweight that needs to be trimmed otherwise the merger is bs. Simon has been talking about getting more US exposure and made a deal with that US brewery, which is nice but why merge with TLRY? APHA is on the right track to be a massive global pot enterprise.
So when would you expect the flood of new shares to hit the market?
Think or swim
Started trading when i was 10 years old. My family gave me money when i was born. It amounted to about 500 dollars. I was a retarded 10 year old and went all in on TNT-post shares, the dutch postal service company. Then the dutch government bought a majority share in TNTPost and my shares skyrocketed about 30% (held the shares for about 2 years).

After this my dad adviced me to buy coca cola shares, and so i did, i went all in again and held the shares for many years and sold for a gain, i have no idea how much i made since i was a child, but it was enough to buy a 950$ gaming pc when i was 15.

Buying a gaming pc emptied my trading account and i was broke so I quit trading. But jumped back in when i was 16, i started working in a supermarket and later in a pancake diner. This is also when i joined wsb. Got my account back up to about 800 bucks by the time march came around. 

At the time i held AMD shares at ~50 dollars, the crash wiped out 20% of my portfolio and i panick sold and went all in on spy puts. For some reason it worked and my ~600 went to 2.2k, i felt good and went all in on spy puts again, needless to say that i blew that account up and had nothing left.

Continued to work and deposit money, now im back to 2.1k by with stocks only. God i wish i could play options on american stocks, but my gay fking yuropean broker wont let me.

I wish i had more capital to invest thats all since i can only play stocks
Baba is a good play now. You try and time it like this and you will miss it.
I though an IWM sell of was expected. What about TSLA
This year has been shit for me, should have just saved my money
I wish you weren’t so fucking awkward, bud.
I LITERALLY CANNOT EMPHASIZE HOW MUCH OF A NO-BRAINER MOON-TICKET QQQJ IS TO THE EXTENT I NEED TO. 
THIS THING LITERALLY TRACKS “THE NEXT BIG THING” ITS LIKE SWEEPING UP FUCKING FIRECRACKERS. 100K YOLO FOR 2021 ALL-IN ON LEAPS IM JACKED TO THE TITS
Ah ok so feb calls it is. Price target?
For your chewy v Walmart/Amazon point I’d say probably the selection. Walmart and Amazon don’t give a shit about mittens and will just give you the cheapest shit. Chewy has more ‘healthy’ pet food to cater to people that care about their pets buts let’s be honest that shit is probably full of asbestos, glass, and glue but Mr. Mittens can’t tell you his food is shit. 

GME PLTR 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🛸🛸🛸🛸🛸🛸
If you want to be liked you need to post rocket emojis and one of 5 stocks; PLTR, GME, QS or whatever shinny pre-revenue stock caught their attention.
Take a look at my post from 2 years ago, a flashback to a much noobier trader: 
https://www.reddit.com/r/stocks/comments/7rkwqc/sq_square/

Edit: lmao its on r/stocks
UGA CHAGA UGA UGA
I would give my liver and nut sack to put as much as I can into X
Oh boy here i go buying again another 10k in gme leaps Monday
Imagine if people collectively went on strike
No. Merger is the 20thor 21st of January so probably late jan early feb.
Why would Monday be red? Lol NQ is gonna hit 13k
Next you're going to tell me most companies don't see 700% increases in a single year like Tesla. How the fuck am I supposed to buy that lambo for my 5 year HS reunion?
She's a bit scared of using the rest because she is on maternity leave now and we might have a problem i even showed all your posts and DD's but its the wife decision or i have to sleep on the coach until there is profit ahah

Thanks for this award sir i hope you get fucking rich!
Found Kevin Hart fishing for Joe Rogan
Ok Ok 👌
How yall scientist s fellins about  

# Schrodinger? SDGR
Cringe
Do you like mine
It’s not gay to appreciate something someone else has and you do not
I think people don't understand that I'm not looking for a massive spike. 10% a month would be extremely good for me but Amazon isn't even remotely close to that.
[deleted]
Again not perfect because SPAC’s are tricky to guess, BUT overall can be helpful.
Not a yolo its a genuinely good play especially w leaps
Hey, nobody wants to watch a loose fit.  Don’t be so hard on yourself!
If you loose you end poor because of taxes
Y’all stomachs are weak
Rabies sucks, get your shots bro
FCEL pt?
Don’t rupture ur nuts bro
Negative people everywhere
https://www.google.com/amp/s/seekingalpha.com/amp/article/4396152-fibrogen-roxadustats-u-s-approval-2020-china-sales-and-outsized-growth

I'm thinking this is going to be a solid earnings beat multiplied by an FDA approval. FibroGen went raw into asian markets and saw some insane growth. Gonna slide in soon and probably sell half before earnings and let the rest ride on FDA
I agree I don’t know who those people are and I think Chewy is doomed. Chewy has zero profit.
Bro you have to pay taxes
"Vaccine developers, electric-vehicle startups and a bankrupt car-rental company captured the imagination of individual investors in 2020 as **Reddit chat rooms touted the so-called** [**meme stocks**](https://www.reddit.com/r/stocks/comments/89iet9/what_is_a_meme_stock/) as the next big winners."

Lmaoooo Bloomberg
I'm retarded?
I read he's hinting at an IPO listing for Starlink whenever it's results are more predictive, so I assume both options are on the table.
Chipotle definitely better food, but YUM may be a better stock rn. The food is cheaper, and unemployment just ran out.
Not a chance. R's know that all that sweet, sweet Silicon Valley money will be cut off instantly if they even look in that direction with serious intent.
You have a month sir I think you’re okay
Boomer doesn’t know how popular esports are
20 years isn't early imo. How long until you plan to retire chief?
GME stonk too STRONK 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Coming straight from the underground
[deleted]
If I'm not gay, then why did I just type in "big dick fucks MILF "on google?? Exactly.. I'm definitely some sorta homosexual
they said organic matter, could be dookie from the septic tank
My mind is absolutely blown right now and so is my load
But YouTube told me!
I’m thinkin Jan or feb calls. Good idea?
It's crazy how fragile things are in this world. 

One madman with an RV and a homemade bomb can just park outside a building and shut down telecommunications for millions.
Always has been.
[deleted]
It’s cause you don’t try to do any research at all. Zoom out on any graph. Parabolic movement like this isn’t normal. A 1 trillion dollar company isn’t going to move like a penny stock forever. If you’re new to the stock market you should be trying to learn about it other than “stocks only go up”.
Depends on the kind of diarrhea you want
[deleted]
Ban.
Holding
[deleted]
Says a person who’s entire life is ran by a Fiat system. Know All that paper you spent all year earning? How many more trillions did uncle same pull out of nowhere this year?  Now with that in mind how is USD somehow more then just numbers on a computer screen? It’s only worth what people value it and and right now the USD is in constant decline and Big B is constantly gaining value faster then the video of your wife taking 5 BBCs
Come on Trump my 500 330/320 spreads from thursday need you to really do you this week
"Bark like a dog Mrs. Johnson."
What the hell? I love Rogan but I don't think I've ever laughed authentically once on any of his huge "anecdote" jokes.
Just wanna get rich enough to never have to buy a phone case again
Yeah it sucks but I guess it was still somewhat bullish with the GM news.
BULLS R FUCED
[deleted]
A newborn. Its always nice to see they bloom and lose everything... just to borrow more money. Oh the tard, lovely, lovely tards
Puts on T
The Reddit avatars are so cute
Thanks man, I'll be back in a few months.  I'll be back to options in a few months, I'm a stock holder now.
Sold my shares at $1.70. Terrible mgmt
Nope
Obviously chipotle
I’m in Atlanta GA. Internet never hiccuped here. It went down in Nashville and at their airport apparently. Trust me if anyone took out the internet in Georgia with three NFL games on, it wouldn’t end well for the guy.
Plus most tables aren't even 3:2 blackjack or the optimal dealer soft 17
Qdoba if you have one in your area
Petco’s huge in basically every area that isn’t a mega city that is so big you don’t need a car. I’m from California and even in LA people go to petco for anything that isn’t dog food or small toys. Plus they have vet services, training services, birds, fish, and all stuff like that you can’t get in chewy. They definitely have way more market share, financials aren’t bad either.
Please
Lowes 170 checking in. Waiting for liftoff 

Hopefully we have a better few days
Try out some jokes here
Is that what you're supposed to do!?
That's how he found this stock, via typo.
[deleted]
Very strange with all the election fraud there too. Hope 🥭 stays in it was fun the last 4 years in the markets.
FINANCIALLY INDEPENDENTLY
Time is money.
[deleted]
Jan calls good idea or further iut?
[deleted]
Not that funny tbh. Podcasts are tho
Thanks man, I'll be back in a few months
I don’t think moving is tax deductible anymore
[deleted]
Why does this have ANY upvotes? What is happening to WSB bros?
I can handle it, but it's going too far when I call this dude a retard? Alright then retard
He blew himself up. Human remains found at scene
Spotify is eating their lunch, cloud is slowing down
Current market cap is 600 million and with merger it will add about a billion. My price target is 21$ so probably not too late but just my opinion
Oh yeah I had to bust out my calculator to figure out what he ment.

Should be: You think im probably gay, but I am not. I will be for 100 dollars though.
 
 Or literally: im not gay, except I have homosexual feelings for a literal100 dollar bill.
Anyone else still buying puts when this runs up?
Someone called her the Crackerjack Milf on another post. 


I vote she is Crackerjack Milf
My one goal in life is to be as funny as Joe Rogans standup but instead I waste my time here! 😩
Wait let me get this straight
 DFV and RK are the same person???? !!!!
Big Fucking Tendie
Good luck bro
[deleted]
Your post has been removed because a single link is insufficient DD. Please review the following links before resubmitting.

Please note that abusing DD flair can lead to getting banned.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

[How to conduct DD](https://www.wallstreetoasis.com/forums/on-the-job-with-simple-as-my-research-process)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Agreed that shit was terrible. Just a Breaking Bad remake except in cold weather
Nah I’m with you fuck these guys
Way to go ma boy!
which contains of burned koalas and coal
Dial it back there 20% Squirrely Dan
For many here it was the previous trading day
What happened I literally can't find any news besides talking about them joining together
Us steel?
[deleted]
I’m in. Doubling down Monday.
PLTR
these will print 💪
He's saying the stock price will go so high, it will break through the atmosphere and fly to Mars!!
Did massive mistakes last week and I'm in a panic. Did more impulsive decisions and bought IWM 01/29 200C call and TSLA 670c Wednesday. Seeking reassurance
Too late to get calls on it?
Why didn’t you slide it through her crack? No balls
I looked over the code, theres nothing malicious. Now wether or not someone modifies and tries to resell it is another story.
Or Ban.

Traditions must be respected.
This is obviously a gay retard bear trying to hurt bull’s confidence but failing miserably because all the fundamental with correct quantifiable numbers are pointing to the short squeeze.
Even with my fucking mongoloid knowledge of trading and the market in general, I've done my DD and this company looks good. Let's fucking go
[deleted]
Got confused on what sub I was on for a quick second
It is an honour to belong here.
Delayed stimulus might hold the rocket down though
#RYAN RYAN RYAN RYAN RYAN RYAN RYAN
Agree with the similarity to poker.. I'm a cash game player though and your analogy was largely based on tourneys.  IMO the similarity between poker and investing is to treat the 'chips' as just tools and find a way to remove the emotional aspect as best as you can from the equation
Ahh a trading veteran.
BFT
Do both - and then close whatever one starts returning tendies.

This may be my new strategy in 2021.
No sir, this is a Wendys, please take a number and feel free to get a BJ from the gei bears on the back of the store. Have a good night.

PS: Positions or Ban is the policy.
Ahh the September flash crash. I still get ptsd from it
Because you buy the pumps and sell when it dump without psychologically realizing it
Of all the things that stocks can do, sideways is the worst IMO. Calls for going up, puts for going down. But sideways? Sit there and twiddle your thumb and jerk off until it does something.
[deleted]
I understand. I had to liquidate at the bottom of March this year to pay rent. Literally worst possible time to sell and not be able to buy in. Wish you the best.
28 with 20k BUT i don't have a phd. Just a bachelor's.
Isn't that the one where the guy becomes limitless?
It builds slowly
Get downvoted chumps
Well this is the dumbest shit ive read
if they had hit up pltr they would've already caught the nashville guy
I did this with baba at $270, what now?
Hang tight, more tendies to you.
Shut the fuck up
If you don’t like Letterkenny, then tarps off son. Putter patter let’s get at her.
[deleted]
There will be cows that shit caviar.
Or else??
Idk why (maybe someone can answer this for me) but when I was looking at shelters for dogs there were sooo fucking many black labs. No yellow, chocolate, or golden retrievers, but several black labs at every shelter.
More DD in this comment than in the supposedly DD post.
Flip phone upside down and look behind the screen and you'll see it
loved that podcast man, hope you do more
5 year chart on big B is 45x. All things considered it’s still in its infancy phase and still 45x. It’s going to keep going and going and in ten years haters going to spend the rest of their lives wishing they got in that boat.
Not priced in.
[deleted]
Do you mind if I drop my Venmo information below. I just need a car. 5k would do
The trick
22 to 88, 66 to 88 haha
Had to try
[removed]
[deleted]
That’s great and all, but how do I make money on this
Hes gay for $100
We believe in the position
Damn chill, I just asked about a fucking stock because I'm new to the stock market. Why is everyone trying to mock me (not even in a funny way as usual in wsb) like they are smarter or something. 

I only lost all of my portfolio in 10 days come on now guys.
Wow
I liked it
And he’s right, I’d hate him much less
And a split 100 to 1 on day 3
Tilray exitscammed aphria
Up 76% over the past year. “Sideways for 1 month wtf mate”. You belong here
Apple is larger than the entire Australian stock exchange.
When something moons

On someone’s Robinhood

What you gonna call it?

BLOCKBUSTER!

When the train is missed,

And you don’t feel good.

What you gonna call it?

BLOCKBUSTER!

RYAN RYAN RYAN

I AIN’T AFRAID OF RUG PULLS

RYAN RYAN RYAN

TO THE MOON!
>The keys to unlocking the 'genomic revolution' that ARKG wants are really just processing power and AI. Google is actually important here and will have a hand in the tech end. 

Apple will be superior here
I need to start doing that. I usually just YOLO one direction
Can’t use “not except” together 

Double negative/ redundancy
With the 1 month realized volatility of SPX at 8.4 and VIX at 21.53 you may still be looking at some more IVol compression.  With The VIX term structure in a 7% contango VXX/UVXY are going to bleed down regardless unless there is some big upward movement.

The bullish argument here is that the election on January 5 could be a big volatility event.  Some smart people think IVol is way under priced for that.  But that is only true if both Dem candidates win.  Otherwise you are more likely to see more IVol compression and continued bleed down in VXX/UVXY due to contango.
[deleted]
Atta boy.  No, shit rarely works out on this sub.  Most people lose money.  This play, though, feels different.  You almost never hear WSB recommending shares, it’s anathema to the spirit of the sub.

There’s something that feels almost mythic about this play.  The narrative is so compelling, and the DD so sensible, that it just feels right.  Good luck fellow retard, may we all soon be feasting in Valhalla.
People like OP are going to get absolutely butt raped when we return to normal markets and they just jump from stock to stock expecting 20% a week. Worryingly, I have a feeling there are millions of people like OP.
Inverse this incest spawn
Ban
Pleas fly again
Eat my dongus you fuckin nerd.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Stickied comments don't get karma.
https://www.reddit.com/r/modnews/comments/3x8vzl/moderators_sticky_comments_is_now_available_to/

So just like we confirmed, mods are gay and retarded.
A lot under 13-14, but close to NAV the play would be FUSE
[removed]
[removed]
How the fuck would you know? Those are both great targets
Your last w posts are fancy pour overs; 

And you can’t imagine why coffee shops exist ? ._.
This would be my first priority even without the limitless pill
Just missing a comma
I rolled my old 401k into GameStop calls.
BETZ online sports betting and online gambling
[deleted]
G H I V
[removed]
[removed]
Nashville explosion is a block away from an AT&T corporate building that handles internet traffic for Georgia. 

Weird.
Isn't it something like 3 million Americans die every year? We need a 10x on the death rate for it to do anything appreciable.  Even then,  people without rich parents are screwed and must the people inheriting are boomers
Spinosaurus
What are you talking about Ozark is fantastic
PSTH
You won’t.
Get off this sub if you can’t handle some stupid fucking comments
God speed on these positions!
RemindMe! 3 months
$4
I would just do shares.
I know what he’s trying to say, I’m just saying it’s written wrong. The grammar is completely fucked. You can’t use those words like that lmao

He wrote “not except”. That’s a double negative.

I forget exactly what that’s called but I’m ur not supposed to do that lol
Humbling moment indeed
Warrants are awesome but im not interested  in srac warrants at current prices. They’ve basically gone up 200% from late nov while commons have done 90%. I would’ve loved jumping on warrants when they were trading at 2. For those reasons I only go balls deep on warrants that are below $2 on spacs that have yet to announce target
I've lost my hearing, could you please tell me what the word is?
Yeah I bought at 17.30 buddy
That’s what I said a few months ago and lost 1.1k in seconds
I’ve never bought into Tesla but if X becomes real, then hell yeah I’m in and jacked to the tits
What are the SPAC plays for the next few weeks? I'm in GNOG already
GUH
💯💯🔥🚀🙏🏼🚀🔥💯💯
With options you can buy puts and buy calls at the same time. You can never lose that way.
Yes, no one but the mods can see it...don’t you think that’s a little unfair or bs...
God you’re retarded, your poor parents
Cannibalism
Thanks for the award. First one ever haha
Congrats and fuck you
So she could have grown it out?
I’m simply noting the short interest and chillin’ writing DD, brah.
Sounds like everything
No
Username checks out.
If you want German buy Mercedes 

Easily the least amount of problems 

BMW and Audi are nightmares 

BMW bc of plastics in engine bay + ridiculous heat soak

Audi bc of retarded design and engineering 

Mercedes is pretty solid and much easier to fix yourself if something goes wrong
[deleted]
[removed]
Paper hands due to real life situation that requires cash.  No other way to get 12k in cash by next week
My VXX calls say no
Watched a couple of your videos. You deserve these wins man, God bless your soul
I fully support this
$IPO. Literally.
I’m this close to moving my whole 401k into GME shares
Shares or calls?
I hope your funds join us in time to catch the 🚀
amazon monday sales release is the easiest money one can make, i think i will liquidate my portfolio and go all in 01/15 3300 calls to sell at day end risk reward heavily skewed toward favouring reward
$AVAV?
Hey mods how does it feel to be the leaders of a bunch of retards who make more money than you
Spectrum goes from 1 to GUH
He wants that $2k to the people cause he knows it’ll make it harder for folks to hate him.
Pleas fly
Same. Cheers 🥂
Ban?
Down 90%
Think or swim
how do I use a tax deferred account?
I think I'll hold the bags
[removed]
See you on the moon brother
Rollout or strap in 🤷🏻‍♂️
Fuck this type of posts make me want to lie to my wife and put the rest of our savings into GME....
noidea. hope it goes up more though. Just want to make gains and exit.
You can have wagyu ground beef though...
ICLN to $50 in 2021! 🚀🚀🚀
Thanks for the DD! 400 shares checking in and will double that this week. January is going to be wild
Assuming all of your retirement accounts have been maxed-out/fully funded for the year .... 

For a charitable option, consider opening a donor advised fund (DAF) and funding it before EOY.  You can donate cash but you can also donate your stonks.

DAF accounts hold your charitable funds and they grow tax free until you are ready to make donations. For example, a few years ago, I opened a DAF.  I contributed $10k to the DAF this summer, I made donations to charity of about 9k this year, and my DAF is still up 12k for the year.

If you use a DAF, you do not need to keep track of tax-deductible donations throughout the year because you make all your tax-deductible donations through the DAF - very much like online bill pay. 

**Disclaimer:**  I'm not a CPA and I don't know your financial situation. Before opening & funding a DAF, you should understand **how/if** your DAF contribution will affect your taxes (ie the standard deduction vs itemizing vs charitable deductions as % of AGI, yaddy yadda, yadda .... ).
I mean it wouldn't be a bad idea... you could do worse with NKLA.
Is it illegal to initiate a short squeeze?
Warrants if they're fresh. Options don't come out until after announcing
 $TSLA is the 9th largest company in the world by market cap. $BABA has lost almost 300 billion in market cap since reaching ATH in late October. 

1. APPLE 2.24 Trillion 
2. Saudí Armaco 2.05 trillion 
3. Microsoft 1.684 Trillion 
4. Amazon 1.592 Trillion 
5. Alphabet 1.175 Trillion 
6. Facebook 761.3 billion 
7. Tencent 689.22 billion 
8. Alibaba 638.22 billion 
9. Tesla 627.29 billion  
10. Berkshire 531.45 billion. 

TLDR. Buy calls for TSLA and Baba
Tru dat, everytime I think of CRWD, I think of the original CRWD guy. /u/IAmABlubFish was a man on mission then. Respect.
[deleted]
Warrants have no IV crush or theta, but I'm an options degenerate, so...
[deleted]
Happy Holiday Money losing together club
Warrants are the SPAC options
Are you still holding or have you sold?
[removed]
[deleted]
Same. Eventually I want to theta gang the shit out of this and sell way otm covered calls along the way when weekly chains open up.
Hey don’t talk like that to him >:(
Papa Elon
Daddy Karp 
Mama Wood 

The Holy Trinity
He is gay for money, specifically 100 dollars.
You absolute degenerate
Guh
So, straddles. Okay.
I like you
[deleted]
Nobody tell him. Amzn to 4k in 2021 though
105
Fuck it then, im in. Does this shit usually work? This sub just teams up and fucks the market hard?
No
When we got married
Might be true, but public opinion can take it and run
Is it better to buy options or warrants in spacs?
Gotta build up a good amount of capital during this volatility so you can theta-gang later
[removed]
🌈 🐻 puts expiring
[deleted]
[deleted]
Would it really make sense for Elon's companies to be wrapped up into one holding company considering how different the industries they're in are? 

How would it likely affect the valuation compared to listing each as a separate stock?
trump probably going to pocket veto the stimulus to generate as much chaos on his way out


priced in?
It has been working out pretty well for me until now 🙄
Can you guys share your strategy for Calls expiring Jan 15? Would you sell prior to conference? Or Iron balls through it?
I think the stock hits $190-$200
Yeah I plan to get one from the shelter
IV crush for the weekend is priced in so all you have to do is buy near eod of friday and you are fine, im up 20% already so even if amzn doesnt moon im still at the very least breaking even. Say it with me kids, R E T A R D
Lol so true
What strikes and expirys? 

Also is this a YOLO?
Buy calls on a stock you see a bullish pattern on. 


If everyone is hyping and pumping q stick, buy puts. 

The only exception is PLTR that shit will moon
He's saying he's gonna paper hand so he'll kill himself if all of his positions moon after he pulls out
[removed]
Tbh, I've never heard anyone say that before.
That gets rid of all the flavor though.
Thanks for putting all the hard work in your DDs Uber, I always get so amped up reading all the in depth reasons of why GME is getting ready to moon!
Baba going meme
Ok so plan is on 28th to hop into L.(C).A, they have their investor meeting on the 29th, hopefully approve the merger. See if we get a decent % and then sell, then hop into ORI and either hope for run up to the 5th or if it goes sideways just hold through the 5th and collect dividend anyway, then maybe give it a couple days to chill out and hop back into GME if it hasn't already exploded and wait for a squeeze 

So am I gonna lose just most of, or all of my money?
I think the dumbest thing is making tons of money and not repaying the Eastern European loan shark.
Ayo u/Jaydon1 hit us with the new stories bro
I don’t think so but I don’t think you’ll double your money until after merger. Pre merger I expect 18ish, maybe 20
MGNI
[removed]
Well don't want them to tank for you guys. Just afraid I'm going to miss out on so much in gains by selling at small profits or a loss
Glad you benefitted man
You would think so but something HUGE would have to happen for it to drop to 1k in a day from here.

As you're sitting there watching it plummet to 10k, 8k, 5k, breaking the low of Dec '18 at 3.2k, to 2k and quickly approaching 1k, you're not going to wonder if it might just go down much lower and perhaps, if this is the end of beetkoin?

I'd be more confident in buying at 20k than 1k as dumb as that sounds because if 20k holds, everything is still fine. If it drops to 1k that fast, something is very, very wrong.
I'm laughing out loud
I have shares at \~$7, but I'm bearish. Lots of companies are starting to realize online viewing is the way to go. And just like the US, 50% of our citizens are idiots and don't wear masks or follow social distancing guidelines. We're gonna be hit with lockdowns every time the government opens up businesses. Just watch. As soon as we open up, we're going to spike in COVID (again) and then everything will go back on lockdown (again).

Rinse and repeat until the military is actually able to enforce the guidelines as well as distribute the vaccine. Not sure if CGX can survive til then lol.

EDIT: Also, your DD doesn't cover the balance sheets at all. TL;DR: Outlook not so good.
any bad news can run through bullshit ass “support” lmao. TA is retarded
Yeah but so is every other tech stock. Do you think it will fall other continue its side movement ?
Cartcoin doing it’s daily 1 second mega dump I see
Yes best situation in hindsight for me was placing 5k on an option expiring a month out and seeing it down 50 percent in a couple weeks and how upset I got.  Learned quickly about risk tolerance and that lesson helped out when starting to move to much larger investments and making the same stupid mistake on a much larger balance.
Any dog you like but from shelter plz
Good. Level headed Repubicans are desperately needed right now.
I'm in for quite a few February 24C. In about a week and a half I'll be depositing another $2k into my account, but I'm guessing itll be a bit too late for more calls
This is the fucking amazon of china, jack ma is not even ceo of the company anymore, he's a great guy, doesn't do rape.

Remember the jd.com ceo got accused of rape, I feel like that may have been worse than this? His stonk is like 3x from that episode

Baba to 450 by mid 2021
[removed]
[deleted]
Ur mom.
The tard strength is storng with this one ☝️
Poorly? Stock is at incredible levels and has risen phenomenally over this year. The fact that you even created this post should be making you question your understanding of the fundamentals of global equity markets.
me losing all my savings and then throwing paychecks into the same shit calls i lost my money on 

https://youtu.be/kav7tifmyTg
It is a serious question though. I've come to look at investing as "fancy gambling" because I really have no idea how to connect the dots and look at the data (and which data)
[deleted]
Not at all. 👍
Shit’s consolidating on the daily chart. Might rip on holiday revenue news.
🌈🐻
[deleted]
You should buy $DM to earn more and maintain long term ROI growth. It will get hyped soon imo
The economics of it can never be as efficient as battery electric, due to the additional steps - as such it will fail.

I'm not saying hydrogen can't be done...  You *can* do it - but it's financially folly to do so.  You must be a NKLA investor
Lol nah. And as a start up llc they only way you're going to get access to borrowed money is if you sign a personal garuntee until you can prove a positive cash flow/successful business model.
We've seen it attempted. Reach out when you get to 100K
Fuck your mom and her boyfriend
30k before end of weekend?
🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Benioff also wanted Slack for the team. They built Slack out of a need and created an amazing interface that’s become the de facto for collaborative chats. I’ve used Teams myself before ever having tried Slack and fucking hated it. Using Slack where I work now has been a god send. Although the only thing that scares me about Teams is that it’s free with Office licenses, which just about every organization already has.
I work in health care, but because I haven't done anything with the Masters I graduated from, it's not good enough.
Oh yay, there’s more
If you don’t do it and it squeezes, you’ll forever look back on this moment and regret it.  Don’t be a coward that lives with regret.  Be a man, slap your dick on the table and fucking YOLO.
They entered $24P / $20P spreads this week. Amarbar on that platform, u/rgrAi here, has been tracking granular trade flow like a hawk

https://charts.stocktwits.com/production/original_266890567.png
$PBW
I prefer to 10 bag while on the links
I def got excited reading this but there doesn't seem to be any concrete DD. I mean.. if all those things were possible (e.g. gasoline-shitting bacteria) then I'd certainly be all in. But I wanna see what all the applications are first.

Take CRISPR for instance. You'd think CRSP earnings would've increased through the pandemic since it can be used to sequence genomes. But the earnings fell sharply. I think people are conflating the biological theme of 2020 with genomics when they might not be as close to convergence as we think
Your post history shows just how truly retarded you are
What
Why everyone so upset about closing store?
It is a good thing shut down places that do not produce any revenue. 

Do not listen to me, i am a special kid
Fuck it, if it’s within the next week, I’ll get a vanity plate too
Kansas City Shuffle
Thanks
That actually makes a lot of sense. I’m going to have to look into it a little more. I have basic strategy down pretty well. Right now I’m trying to get to the point where I don’t have to think about the count just the basic “hi lo” bullshit counting. Last year I was staying in a small city with like 4 or 5 casinos and I remember them having single deck black jack but I don’t remember how many decks the other tables played with
Is that Ackmans poor cousins?
I see, thanks. I’m more into JDM but that shit looks sexy. I know there’s a bad stigma for unreliability around the B5 so I kind of wanted someone to tell me it was a bad idea lmao.
[deleted]
I’m gonna fucking cum
I'm 27 with a pack of skittles and some lube
No, I'm just here for the holidays.
You would need about 16.2% per day to do this in 20 trading days on average. This is actually doable. In fact it's very doable. All you would need is a low IV, low cost option set that you can turn over daily or bi-daily.

$NOK does this. You just buy it for .03 and sell it for .04 for a 33% return which is literally double what you need every day and because you can do this with such a small volume you'll likely turn over on Feb or Mar calls where it's just vega doing it's thing daily. Just check the volume and you should be good.

This will work until about $300. After that... well... I don't fuckin' know.
[deleted]
I'm curious why you think this is Melvin.

It seems just as likely that this could be a seller covering a short position, and not a buyer (actually, probably more likely).

Selling puts against a short position is the equivalent of writing covered calls.

This gets you the stock at $19.50 or so, which is quite a bit lower than the $22 it bounced off of.

And the strike is somewhat ideal if you think there's a wall of stock for sale between $22 and $24.
The stock is up a stupid amount.  I think it was at 1300 in march....2400 in June, now 3200.
Don't need a match, only need a raising pt trend. That's what you wanna see to
Solid plays man. I think you are right. No way we don't test high from this action on Bitty
Well I hope psth, mt, and stic all tank cause due to recent changes I need to liquidate my account for cash.  Really don't want to but have no choice
dude pepe you on some melancholical throwback simping trip or what?
Seen you posting all type of stories with girls here the last hours
Browing WSB trying to find if someone is also buying in $DM (Desktop Metal). It will be the greatest new year gift tendies. I am up 23.4% YTD
[lol](https://www.reddit.com/r/stocks/comments/kkn3uz/a_lot_of_reddits_meme_stocks_have_520xd_in_just_8/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share)
I sold ZM like 3 days before their earnings in Aug or Sep when they just started flying :')

I put in a market buy when SNAP was about to fly, caught like 5%, sold, and they kept soaring higher and higher

I sold AMD when they dipped a bit in Sep and missed maybe 15% of gains before jumping back on board?

Shit happens
Like 80% of their products are sold out on their website, revenue will be way better than expected
Penny stocks are literally against the rules lol this one isn't even on RH.
[deleted]
My roommate in college had a white German Shepard. I liked her a lot.
So Psyched for TESLA, which ever way it goes. It dips, i buy. It soars i watch and take champagne shower! Took Monday off too. Trading in my undies is the way.
She bought baba too, so...
It’s been hard to keep that. Most of it was built up prior to that
seriously, don’t viruses typically mutate to transmit more effectively with less impacts. i don’t know why this mutation has garnished so much attention and detrimental action
I did this with all my cash. So far so good
The movie Limitless is fake as hell.

Bradley Cooper starts working with shady people because "stocks money is too slow"

Smartest man in the world with $1m starting capital and he doesn't even know how to overleverage weekly TSLA calls for a quick ten bagger get out of here with that bull crap.

He loading up on long weapon and chem companies like we don't know that's a boomer dividend play over 20 years who we going to war with now? The bloods and the crips? Fuck outta here. 

What in the Roth IRA fuck is going on?

Atleast margin up and play pharma.

Half the people here made 400% gains this year buying calls and we're below 70 IQ.
The GUH heard around the world.
but Cathie likes them bold and rough
That’s a very bad idea. 

If I remember right a lot of issues with that engine require engine-out to service 

I’m a Mercedes/BMW guy not Audi tho so my knowledge is limited
Ugh tickers.   Stupid autocorrect.
Very true,. It I'd you're bust ass broke and owe like $10k and want to dissolve, probably nbd. If you think you're going to throw hard, see above.
They are definitely not regulated and accounting is iffy at best.
Honestly, I'd say buy GME anyways. It's riskier but the upside is massive. Enough DD out there for you to ger started
I sold Jan 15, 2021 $20 covered calls on all of my shares on Thursday and used the remainder of my account to buy MARA calls during the dip. I don't even care if my calls expire ITM at this point. It would be a 800% gain on my shares in just a bit over a month since buying them. Will use all profit  to buy even more calls. I've had a price target of $20 maximum since I bought my shares and LEAPS a bit more than a month ago and am absolutely astounded that its so close to being there. I'm gonna say we open at $14 come monday and end the day around $15 if not more.
How many tickets do you usually trade at once?
Teach me your ways Yolo master
already in with decent profit.. 🐢 gang
I'm holding for another month or two then evaluating.
I hope you had a merry Christmas cause this just made mine a hell of a lot more merry.
Im happy for you
In all seriousness, $DM Desktop Metal will be a new year gift
Not sure if Mama and woody should be used in the same sentence. Unless you've been watching a certain genre on PH
Current Call Options:
$GME $19 (x6) -  12/31 +39.26% 
$PLTR $17.5 (x3) - 5/21 +182.88%
$PLUG $5.5 - 1/21/22 +526.39% 

Approx. percentage of  total holdings:

Stock:
10% ea. - $AAPL, $MSFT, $AMZN 

3-5% ea. - $NIO, $NVDA, $PLTR,  $SPCE, $AMD, $PLUG, $TXG, 

1-3% ea. - $ENPH, $GME, $RKT, $DKNG, 

Best: $PLUG +252% & $ENPH +193%
Worst: $RKT -13.86% 

Exited and distributed 5% of $BABA with 10% gain over an avg. $260 buy in 

ETF:
5% ea. - $ARKK, $ICLN, $TQQQ, $UPRO 

1-3% ea. - $QCLN, $BETZ, $VIG 

Portfolio Layout:
Options - 8%
Stock - 69%
ETF - 23%
This is the one SPAC I'm not flipping. Long hold. I figure they either moon as space industry grows, or get bought out by Blue Origin, Space X, or another future competitor down the line.
Your lack of faith is disturbing.
German shepherd or golden or a doodle cuz they don't shed
Those are my faves but it's mostly down to personal preference
This thread is so reasonably bearish. Lot of sound logical points, lot of feel good HURAH, almost like this time is actually it 🍺 so therefore rip 🐻s SPY 370🚀🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
Unironically remembering a strip club from months ago 😂
Get a job
Truth! How they did not see or believe the 🥭 was gonna burn it all down regardless of party is beyond me. This is his presidential destiny. This is what narsassists do. It is their nature.
[deleted]
Mackenzie Bezos has been selling her stock for a while, which is likey part of it.
Bucket list complete.
Yeah, I've had 10 shares at 3.2k since fall. It will happen
I mean the guy literally makes rockets... what other clues did you need, you had to be an incredibly deep retard to ever doubt he was gonna go to the moon
Nice comment, you totally don't sound like a 14 year old kid. Fucking retard
[deleted]
Yep the useless stuff wealthy husbands buy their wives to shut them up.
I AM ALL IN TOMORROW. MY OTHER POSITIONS BETTER BE UP CUZ GME MY FUCKIN ROAD DOOOOGGGGG

Edit:  on monday. Chill winston
wonder how new traders will react when the market loses its volatility?
[removed]
Starlink or In and Out
gonna just buy CLOU with all my free RH margin, plus what i have in cash i'll have 100 shares. covered call my way back to 0 margin and use it up again on shares as it dips. thoughts?
My biotech stocks that distribute vaccine sure do.
Try Australian shepherd or border collie.  Mid sized dogs that look bigger and can be energetic if you like that. Also smart so they may be able to sniff out your bullshit 0dte and eye you with disappointment.
Relatable edit
No it’s a twin turbo v6
[removed]
> Using a tax deferred account is the dumbest thing possible.

I agree but for a different reason. If you blow up a tax-advantaged account with any significant amount of money, it'll take years to even contribute enough to get back to where you were.

Blow up a $30,000 Roth IRA? Well, at $6,000/year max legal contribution it'll take you 5 years of contributions to get that back. If you strictly index invest, maybe 3.5 to 4. IMO tax-deferred accounts should be maxed and indexed only.

Even if you did hit a home run in a 401k and took $50,000 to three million, you'd still be pay a 10% penalty on the withdrawals plus tax, assuming you're under 59.5 y/o. 

IMO it's just easier to accept you're gonna pay short term capital gains and that's that. If you're really obsessed with lowering your tax burden, trade Section 1256 Contracts whenever possible (like SPX or most futures)
In all seriousness - I’ve been absolutely raw digging $ZS since it was $48 and with this pandemic shit accelerating the cloud work infrastructure. I honestly could see this shit going to $500 + by 2022

Editing to say: even higher tbh given retard market energy / stable presidency
My retarded, deaf, blind, mute, one-legged sister says yes
[deleted]
I’m an aircraft mechanic on Boeing jets. These type of issues are far more common then you would think. Hydro and fuel pumps go bad often. Especially when it doesn’t fly for more than a few weeks. Can’t imagine how long this shitbox was on the ground. As somebody mentioned before, it’s only the news because it’s a max.
At least puts
Living the dream. Congrats bro. Make sure u uber.
You’re a fucking retard
What’s up with you?
“WE’RE BULLISH ON PREOWNED!”
[deleted]
[deleted]
Technically they can. But buying increases the value, especially if there are many more buyers than sellers.

Days to cover is the number of short shares outstanding divided by the average number of shares traded in a day. If everyone buys to cover in one day, it will drive the price way up, because there are more buyers than sellers. That's what a short squeeze is: many shorts covering their positions at once.

The thing with a short squeeze is that if most of the short holders are institutional - they have diamond hands. If they think the stock is going to come back down soon, they will ride it out. If they think they're going to lose money, they leave. So anyone who is saying "it just needs to get to x to trigger the squeeze" is wrong or lying.
Stripe or chic fil a
[deleted]
Not one rocket landing...
Nearly fell off a cliff
Balding dudes always jealous of guys who have hair
**Remember when I put my RobinHood card in a strippers [ass?](https://twitter.com/pepeforthewin/status/1301412429117751296?s=21)**

Good times bros.
No, people with money tend to survive. It's just helping out pension funds.
China stocks are really risky, you might get Luckin tho
Get your party to say it's your birthday when you go to the bathroom. Free cheesecake.
My thought is that state attorney generals are going after Google, so it’s a matter of time for AMZN and a subsequent split into AWS and AMZN wholesale.
Rottweiler.
Yep, 100%. Big tech will continue to be powerful and profitable.
Imvers this
With enough alcohol it doesnt matter
Glenlivet 12
Just like..... gasoline? You could very easily set up a couple of solar panels or hook up a big tank of deionized water, separate your own hydrogen and sell it. Hell, you could make your own. You're pulling this out of your ass its hysterical, it's so clear you don't know what you're talking about.
RIOT calls
Fed off this week huh? No bond buying this week?? 😳
take one for the team and sell $GME

 🚀  🚀  🚀
youre gonna be sad when youve had more than 6 months in the market and you realize that sideways action is fucking normal
Tell me why I shouldn't YOLO my life savings in random SPACs when all they do is go up?
22,660 shares blended at $16.98
100% agree. But is it bad that I'm laughing?
Pay tax, avoid fucking with the authority, report losses and gains. Pay someone to do it for you ideally.
Doubling down on my winners and staying away from the 1m charts hahaha
Buy 4K calls for next summer trust me I’ve been watching trading videos on YouTube for 3 months now
I count six, six rockets. Ah ah ah.
NVTA
Just mildly autistic
I'm hoping for sub$17 so I can reload for the run to $25 in a couple weeks
Good game. Lots of stuff to run around and do. Like the settning also personally.
Gave Cathy $40,000 on Friday. Let's see what she make that money do.
I guess I was thinking gore as in terms of watching bullets go through people and whatnot. I guess the third is probably the goriest but in terms of guts and shit still relatively vanilla
See if they've got any cattle dogs at the shelter, if you're up for it. Smartest and most loyal dogs I've ever seen. They'll love you so much you'll never have to worry about them running away. Downside is they generally require a lot of exercise to stay happy, but that's perfect if you're already active.
Noone cares
That sentence doesn’t even make sense
TDOC ZM DOCU CALLS ALL FKN DAY
Scalp MARA at open?
Shitcoins just moved 2k in a matter of a day..spOoky action going on
Jfc dude no. No no no.

The people who hate their wives actually hate their shitty job and ended up where they are by doing EXACTLY what you just said.

If you can’t get paid to do what you love it needs to be your hobby. If you don’t know what your hobby is you don’t know what your escape from your family will be.

I adore my family. Yesterday was the best Christmas of my life. Seeing the look on my wife’s and daughter’s faces was something I’ll never forget.

I still need an outlet to get away for a few hours.
In this country. U gotta get the money first😤
22.50
Nope, fun tickets galore
Do these 400k+ projected corona deaths create America’s largest generational wealth transfer to date?
I have L.CA 35c in February. Hoping Tod offload them after merger vote goes through and then ride some shares
[removed]
I returned gta V once and they gave me $5. GME TO THE MOON 🚀🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀
$160 is the safe entry
Yes, no doubt.  Had an interesting conversation with this guy week ago at Starbucks.   He said back in 70's and 80's,  wealth was more prominent as mom and pop stores didn't have to fight big corporations.   Now wealth seems concentrated more at top in hands of few corporations and it has even accelerated more as the big companies will eat the small ones again during Covid.  Which is why Im more inclined to invest in Amazon, Msft and bunch of QQQ.   Tech gonna accelerate our growth to levels we have never seen and going back to your first statement : "every day Americans get their ass up out of bed and go work as wage slaves to make shareholders rich"
Yea I love it if a woman takes a dump right before sex. Those silly women and their standards.
GTFO
ODTE PLTR calls lol
Little over I believe
GME GANG GANG 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
SQ, NVDA, FEYE
Anyone in here owned an Audi with the B5 in it? Thinking of buying a 2001 S4. $6500 with 120k.
I would by a dildo and send it to your.mom if I were u
Didn’t say obligated did i? All I said was asking questions. No one has to answer them bud. Stupid bitch.
I'm a republican but all the conspiracy shit was just too much for me. I had to distance myself.
They detonated the future generations future so they’re all kind of baby boomers
Buying ITM apple leaps during market open on margin. Can’t go tits up. 

Earnings and M1 chip will be free money
Go throw it down on SPY puts or calls on expiration day 11 minutes before market close. Your welcome.
[deleted]
[deleted]
HEAR
yo can i get flair which calls me "PROBABLY GAY BUT NOT EXCEPT FOR 100 DOLLARS"? Thanks, it's for a friend.
Powells brr has changed entire generations' risk appetite. Everything is possible now.
Stegosaurs Had some great spikes,  but it eventually it came back down.
Are you a baby daddy?
[deleted]
I get it dude. It's a form on control. You'll have to draw small lines at a time and be ready to face the anger and disappointment. Otherwise you'll hit 50 and realize you didn't live life per your wants and rules and lived for them. You need help with how to go about doing this? DM me. I can definitely help if you want. Gl otherwise dude!
[deleted]
IDK, I bought $1k worth of VXX shares Thursday at $17 because of stim holdup and unemployment ending. Shit could get real bad if politics don't stop fucking everybody
position ?
So she had a hairy butthole when you met?
I think wick definitely lives up to the hype. I don't play fortnite and haven't played cyberpunk but those inclusions are definitely due to his rise in internet popularity which is halfway due to the success of the John Wick series but also with how his public persona is so gentle in contrast.

I'd maybe recommend giving Wick another shot, it's really a top tier action series and personally cements Keanu Reeves as my favorite action star
Same
This is almost certainly the way.
Edit: what strike? I did $120 because I’m timid and shy.
[deleted]
Good evening sir.
Perform your own circumcision on livestream
MT to the mon
Industrial applications will be bigly deal long term also healthcare applications are just the most obvious place to start 🤑
Shouldn’t be that hard - I did $96 to $650 in 10 days. Cut losses quickly, let winners run. Don’t put it all on one play.
My favorite thing to do is 10 bag while I’m at the driving range
have a Mormon friend and another that moved to Utah to convert them to Christianity...and one time got someones package of mormon underwear and we tried them on at work for fun. Thats the extent of my mormon experience
Idk, just do a 20 bagger. Simple.
Houston’s trash. Armpit of America. Dallas let’s gooo!!
I thought today was Sunday and was looking forward to Tomorrow lol
Great to hear dude. After GME moons I hope your fam’s next Xmas is even better. Cheers
100%
what's the total now like 300,000?
Why are you dividing the share price by the entry price? That's not how you calculate your profits lol.
What plays y'all making for this week?
No 🌈🐻. But I hope so. That is a deep discount.
First year I made enough money that I have to pay taxes 

Honestly so happy yet also so pissed at the same time 😂

I GOT PTSD FOR THOSE GAINS AND UNCLE SAM JUST TAKIN THEM! 😭
[removed]
cop some reigning champ
God I hope not. What would be the advantage for the company? They already do a shit ton of advertising and are in every shit eating corner of the country.
[removed]
Damn 1.5 million$ account
Faxxxxx
[removed]
[removed]
I am a new baby daddy hello
You were so close to 69,420
What’s the ETF ticker ?
Das me
Think or Swim
Oh come on. HOW!?
ARKG checking in 60k deep in leaps 🚀
I’ve been refreshing wsb nonstop the last 2 days love seeing more support in the comments and new people jumping in. 

Holding with 500 shares @ $16
Serious question: How much of this seven figures did you make in 2020?
Don't bet *against* anything. Just wait for dips and buy calls, fuck puts. 

Except VXX, puts when it spikes.
[removed]
Look up: Pierce the Corporate Veil
Rudy’s Chicken Hands Bro.
Uranium is going to fucking rip next year....

Just finished listening to an Interview with the CEO of Paladin Energy. They are expecting spot price movement first half of 2021. He said if spot gets to $60, they "will be printing money." Cameco just shut down Cigar Lake for the second time. There is an extreme supply deficit. I am not interested in Cameco. The real money is going to be in the small cap miners that have reserves, are currently mining uranium, and that can ramp up production when the spot price moves. The two I have the majority of my cash in are Paladin Energy and Bannerman Resources. I've been researching this all year....i've been tempted to write up a DD post but not sure how well it would be recepted. This is a waiting game at this point, and i'm not sure many will want to do that. Plus, you can't trade these companies on RobinHood lol.

The money flowing into a commodity with such a small market cap as Uranium will be like funneling Hoover dam through a garden hose.
Lol I barely no what I'm doing man. I just started 3 weeks ago
The more narrow your focus the better decisions you can make. You will absolutely miss some good picks, but I think that's better than being stretched too thin and making shitty decisions just trying to keep up with a mess you got yourself into.
Yeah it’s kind of upsetting there’s that many chicks with that mindset though... hopefully it stays between those rats.
All the DCA is making it a bigger % of my folio than i'd like. Time to transfer more cash haha
I would suckle your tatted ballsack if I was gay.
[deleted]
Mass downvote of the channel needed
[removed]
Mine is having small positions in options.
Flat. It needs to consolidate. Maaaybe .50 green eod.
Man, that's brutal. If the world had the same rate there would be 7.6 million dead. Luckily it's only 1.75mn
I posted abt Houston earlier and got -8 downvoted lmfaoooo
I hope I can find that one day. I work in refineries and have jumped from trade to trade finally landing as a welder now and the money is really good but I hate it. I’m single but I’m honestly considering knocking some chick up and settling down maybe that’ll help
What a loser. You’re a bum dude.. 50$? Straight bum.
HEYY HEYY, HEYYYYYYYYY!!
[deleted]
Hope so bro, I want you to succeed with it
it won't. CCP won't let its own companies fail.
I get that, but substantiating this $70k gamble with some cash flow by selling the puts is never a bad idea
[deleted]
downtown chief
therealfemaledatingstrategy . cum
holy fuck just lost every braincell i had
[deleted]
Not a bad idea!! It’s only going up lol
On the bright side, we get to keep our social security benefits after this is all set and done. Right? Righttt?
Weekend Dow blood red. Fuck
If I’m buying calls on this, it’s going to be way out of the money, like a 30% pop. Risky, but I bet they’re dirt cheap
The GOP created a monster and now it’s beyond their control
[removed]
Are you fairly new at this? It’s took ~8k in my first 3 months to grow out of it
Don't be such a retard
No way. That’s not retarded enough. 25 on 33 and 25 on 36.
Lol
Dallas & Austin aren’t even comparable.  

You probably live in Freeport you fuck.
If I open an llc or corporation to trade options on 4-10x margin, is it true the risk is limited to the assets of the corporation? So if I fuck up and blow the whole operation they cant seize my own portfolio?
I'm sorry ma'am. We're gonna have to put your son down...
Tons of displaced greyhounds out there.
My NKLA 90c 1/31 gonna print
Ok
Exactly, I am hoping BABA gaps down and ill sell deep $180 puts 12/31
[deleted]
Boomers are starting to belief that crapcoin is a gold alternative. Plenty of room to melt up
And that will override new strain, no stimmy signage, and nashville boom boom. Green Monday 🚀
Everything you just said is wrong
What happens if 🥭 doesn’t sign the bill today?
[removed]
[u/vitocorlene](https://www.reddit.com/u/vitocorlene/) thoughts on [https://www.sflcorp.com/](https://www.sflcorp.com/)
What type of dumpster we talkin? Like one of those restaurant types or a 30 yarder?
excellent comment
[removed]
Sigh...guess I have to remortgage the house.
Caucasian Shepard


Big ass 200 lb russian dog
This dude is so thirsty for some views.
Im in on TLRY for a few shares to see what happens. Bigger question and will determine future is Georgia races.
You can't win by counting cards. There is an optimal way to play by not counting cards which is the best your gonna do, but the house still has the advantage. A long time ago, you could win. They would play single decks and play on down to the last cards. When that happens it's possible to get a large distribution of face cards left in the deck which is advantageous to the user. Then you could increase your bets to take advantage.

Now they play with 10 decks and they never deal down to the last cards in the shoe.
Bought presplit Tesla and apple.
[deleted]
WOOF
https://twitter.com/BNODesk/status/1342951192620650496?s=19

>1 in 1,000 Americans have died of COVID-19
Shakethatbear
Oak cliff in Dallas = gun hands
Okay I wanna hear what you autists realistically think GME is gonna be by the end of next week.
Sent it.
Shares on Monday gang
It’s ready to breakout. Coiling with decreasing volume
Already 90% of my net worth in but at this point might as well inverse the shorts and go 160% in by any means necessary
We love the Giants and GME...we are brothers from a different father my friend
And they live in Ohio
Doggy?
[deleted]
It will never be a currency with this level of volatility. And interest in it goes to zero when volatility disappears. Therefore, it will eventually be worth nothing as it should be. Not saying you can't make money, but you don't want to be holding the bag one of these days
Haha. Love it. Keep up the good work king.
WASO WASO HEY HEY
got 110 shares (boring i know) but i usually sell Calls, but havent done this the last week since i await the breakout now any moment.
what years do you speak of? I'll be retired by summer
I’ll see if I can de rail it
Looks like you yolo'd on deep OTM calls? Earnings?
Meanwhile let’s talk about 900000 pump n dump Stocks that have yet to make an actual product.
[deleted]
Ballsdeep, how long for and what's your target?
I love the bart simpson pattern
Siberian Husky if you’re a HVM
[deleted]
Luckily I hid some in multi family properties.
WASSSUP WASSSUU WASSSUUUUUU
/u/savevideo
Confirm and average in
Now that’s how you make teddies! “Here’s a video of turning 1,000 to 50.00 . Fuck makes 1,000,000
It’d be a ball busting video bro
that's a women i'd let cuck me
Most retarded I got was 28 1/8/21
Spread your asshole 4 me
The MAGA georgia boycott people are just trolling now, right?

https://www.newsweek.com/pro-trump-lawyers-call-georgia-runoffs-boycott-hints-arresting-loeffler-perdue-1557384?amp=1
Production hasn't stopped altogether, but there has been a collective "agreement" in the market to reduce reserves. KazatomProm agreed to not flood the market and, thus far, have held true to their word. This began after the Fukushima incident. Miners had been planning to ramp up production this year, but Covid has stopped that. Estimates for supply deficits next year are between 25 and 50 million pounds (13-20% of the total annual demand). Nuclear power companies are currently working on contracts for next year. Uranium is going to fucking rip....
Differentiates the HVM from the LVM
It happens on all assets from forex to gold to shitcoins to penny stocks, to large and small caps. 

I suppose some indicators are useful but to be blunt, most of the stuff you'll find on TA will fall into the crap category because if that stuff worked really well, why would people share it? And don't get me started with trading gurus who charge money for their "secrets". 

Looking at past chart data, a lot of the popular TA stuff being taught on Youtube will seem like they work pretty well but one, looking at historical data and saying you would've bought here and sold there is much different than trading live and two, as I mentioned, big money allows those methods to work enough to make us continue to use them but it also makes it easy for them to know what retail traders are planning to do.
No fucking idea. It’s been steadily sold into day after day the past few weeks. The only think i can think of is large money taking profits, and also people leaving the company portfolio wise for whatever reason. Oh, and short sellers. It was breaking out of a multi year downtrend and has just been brutally faded. Probably a confluence of some or all of these.
<Slaps a gold on u/Jalepenish's ass>
Black black black black red
Suncor is another good buy under this same logic OP is sharing. 

40$ pre pandemic. 21.89 atm. It’ll probably hit 24 by first week of January.
Can’t wait for cathies wood to be erect Monday
BITTTTCOONNNNECCCTTT
1. Yes it may be, but we can do it successfully, can't we? There was only one case of the tank being pierced in a PLUG forklift that caused an explosion, no other incidents. Gasoline also has its own storage issues as well.
2. Easily do what we do with propane and add a chemical so you can detect the smell. Easy fix. 
3. Thus last point Is an issue, but you can have a double vacuum sealed container so if it leaks the first layer there is still a second layer to hold it. You could even implement a third layer. I mean, we do still have hydrogen storage, and it very rarely explodes even now, so that's kind of a bad argument. If myth busters is your evidence, I wouldn't really consider it as a reason to deny the future. 

Its not perfect, but thats why research exists. To make it better and more viable. It definitely is viable.
If you have the means I highly recommend them.
I was here, complaining about the FDS comments being copy pasted here
Lmao we started dating back in April when my hair was short and I havent had a haircut since January/February

Also as a guitarist I am somewhat offended🤙😉
Bro I’m a rebel I don’t follow rules
Imma diamond hands my San Antonio Spurs ML bet tonight! Thanks for the insight
H-town diamonds...call me johnny dang
U went full retard , never go full retard
Peg time 🐻
What kind of dog should I get? I’ve been meaning to get one but am finally going to pull the trigger. Had a lab growing up. Prob gonna go to the spca
Wife said,”just don’t do that again”
Crm nvda
Incorrect!! Do you want me to completely correct you? Here is a thought. Only give accurate advice
Subway
I fucking did it boys!

I’m drunk at Cheesecake Factory, just like I wanted.
Well I will it’s $29.99 right now lol
So you agree it’ll hit 50k?! Thx
[deleted]
Ultimate pump and dump. Just hope you end up in the right side before it's over
[deleted]
To gain favor with the pagans you retarded slut
Negative Nancy
🤣🤣🤣🤣🔥🔥
Ok Boomer
If you want that advice go to r/pennystocks or r/options. Nobody here gives a shit about what you do with your youtube and Christmas money.
Now she does. I eat that shit
[deleted]
Does anyone else have a problem with having many small positions in meme stocks, and thus diluting their gains?
I have a lot of stocks that are 5% of my portfolio. I feel like i should choose the top 5 and keep my basket smaller.

I do it because I get hurt by FOMO when I'm not in the latest meme stocks 🤡
Ok :(
[deleted]
[deleted]
https://imgur.com/BZy7qnQ.jpg
Wait, you've been banned 3 times? Lmfao too much coke
sucks for them
NVDA and Amazon both have been flagging for a while. If we get a Santa rally next week we may end up going 🚀🚀🚀
Which is profitable..?
If you have hair long enough to make a ponytail, you don’t have a girlfriend
Will give silver for an expanded response
shut up
Although good advice I won’t deny that, it is just out of touch with reality, 30% of people have no saving and are in debt and another god knows how many % need every cent to support basic living, but you type it out like putting 200k into IRA’s in 1 year is normal and helpful advice to the masses, you say “the amount of income is less important and the type of IRA” stating they they could just invest 13k but it just sounds like your out of touch with how much 13k is to 80% of the population. This is practically just how to be rich and become more rich lol that’s why the tards here are yoloing there 5k life savings they don’t have 13k to spare every year, the amount of income is, undeniably the most important thing here, not whatever IRA structure or anything else you think you did right, as you basically made like 200%-300%? Which countless people here have done, the only difference is you were already rich...

Not to take anything away from 300% though, still insane for non-degenerate investors and r/investings wet dream, but it just felt slightly condescending and should just have the tldr that you need money to make money primarily and whatever IRA your using doesn’t mean shit when you invest going into the biggest bull run, just your starting capital
[deleted]
[deleted]
Because stoinks only goup, right now is the dip retard
I had TSLA 9/27 500 and AAPL 9/27 130.
what's up with MARA and RIOT?
[deleted]
He is trying something that no man ever dared to approach , no body tell him
Who knows maybe I was born 100 years old and have just de aged.
I’m good 40C for may 🖖🏻
App-Harvest gang 🤑😤👊
you can't even buy shit with 50 bucks
Houston, and San Antonio tx = diamond hands 

Dallas & Austin = paper hands

if u know u know it’s that simple

Edit: if this comment offends u, stop fuckin sellin!!!! bwhahahahahah
I'm not sure why it's allowed to have the DD flair.
Lulu ACB pants
After reading the replies I’m fk’ing down if wrong please BAND me. On top of that let’s make it even more interesting and parle it w a side wager. I’ll even give you 2:1 odds.  UVXY touches $14 by Feb 19th.  I’m wrong banded and I’ll venmo $100 (counter you send me $50) to the first 10 “Investors” who actually have conviction vs speaking out of your ass.
I miss the old mods
At friday's prices it's probably a decent trade imo.
Fuck off
Yeah no shit. What i don't understand is that the same people v claiming it will be a legit currency are also the same people holding, buying, pumping, etc. If you invest for the currency reason, its legit flawed logic because this kind of volatility makes it useless. A $100 purchase now might only be worth $50 by the time the you can actually cash out. Whole thing is bullshit
Unfortunately Americans have a huge mental block about eating bugs. Chapulines are amazing and they make cricket protein power but people are grossed out
its about status
It's kinda foppish to get your jeans tailored, but it's completely worth it. They'll last for years and will look good enough to wear out.
Does she shave her butthole?
$MOON 

I've done pretty well on it. Got in the first day it came out.
Idk if anyone was here last night at 3AM but it was the funniest night on WSB. A bunch of women on FDS were complaining about guys taking a shit before sleeping with them. Lmao
No he doesn’t. If he did he would have multiple businesses by joe. He has a curious mind and lots of knowledge but doesn’t know how to apply that knowledge so he is actually missing the mind of an enterpreneur
Black black red black red
Didn’t happen
Stop simping around like a bitch. Block her number and yolo the money she wanted into an autistic meme stock next week
On Tuesday: “MAH SQ CALLS AAHHH SAVE ME JESUS”
take that 50, buy some lipgloss, and start sucking
Dont call yourself a baby boomer if you've never actually detonated a  baby
They bought it in Q3. Lol.
talk to me in dd bruh, so call or puts???
Do you understand anything about Mormons
Let me guess tsla calls nonstop?
[deleted]
Easier and more realistic video idea: turning 1k into $50
[removed]
From autism to retardation in 10 days
[removed]
Buying that BABA dip
I used to do this until my “let’s try this out” was writing code in college. Now I do it professionally and instead of hopping around a bunch of different hobbies I have six trillion half finished apps/side projects.
Yeah I do
Please ban all these retards posting about their internet tokens.  If it goes to 50k it changes nothing. It is a pure pump and dump hence all these shill posts. Look no further than how unironically the USD denominated value is the only thing that seemingly matters.
I did this starting out with MRVL calls... not impossible to do in a trade or two.
[deleted]
No talk to the guy fucking your mom instead maybe he’ll help you
Whatever happens next week: hold the line. 
Don't buy calls, but buy shares instead. Calls are not fully squeezing the shorts in the long term. Holding shares does.

Edit: thanks for the award. This is my first award. Proud to have this award for a Gamestop post. 
Just remember; retards strong together 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Why are flairs so desirable?
Close the lid before you flush you savage
What's the relationship between square and shitdollars
Lets be honest, which companies do you guys see PSTH merging with? If its bloomberg its not that attractive tbh
So would 90% of this sub. 😂
I was thinking something similar. what puts would you sell?
Do you think it’s fair to say that genomics will be to bio-tech what the internet was to tech?
The changes in the USB stick i left back in 2012/2013 were bitcoins worth 0.30$. Just have a USB stick with 1,300$ now 😎
All aboard the $GMEtrain
BGSC for Bubba Gump Shrimp co? Run Forest, Run!
So do mine 😉. Let’s make money together.
calls will print
There's just too many people here now, and Reddit can't handle them

50 people will see some retarded meme or DD and upvote it, and away it goes
I’m already overleveraged on circle and triangle
Saturnalia
[removed]
Would 🥜 if it pushes $250 again next week
Lol yeah and?
Also to be fair there was no gore in John Wick. Just blood. No guts or anything. Just watched the Foreigner and that was probably closer to a guns blood and gore type package deal
How is gme going?
Perfect
Sure, she's old enough to create retarded kids.
And your point is? My point is look at how many other stonks are up that bigly and will keep rising because of specials like us...
Take a shit in an envelope and tell her the money is the the mailbox. 😎
Gave you a party train, it’s probably gonna be a party train to hell though.

I hope it works for you bro
I saw the dollar amount and instantly knew what this was.
O
If ya don’t get square calls at open due to bishcockcpin making all time high 

U stupid and should it be trading !!!
Honestly, buy rental properties
Easy 800s
Was this in 2019?
People who enjoy wide assholes and throwing money into gaping bottomless pits.
No it will come back up !! Silly man buy the dip /s
Except when they cancel the recession with a few more trillion dollars pumped into the economy and we continue to break record numbers in the market
Should've sent her a wendy's job app
Need flair plz
City index is great
what's the point of getting married if you know you are a mess when it comes to relationships? like yeah some people are normies and everything just fits where it should, but what if you know you are problematic? fuck that, just let me die alone in a dumpster, I'll be happier
Are you still living at home? The relationship between me and my parents improved a lot once I moved out. Maybe my parents are more americanized though
Pics or ban
My 1/15 calls hope you’re right
Also a great movie. Loved it. To each his own (goes without saying, I guess) but I just expected Wick to live up to the hype and reactions like his inclusion in Fortnite and Reeves’s recent inclusion into Cyberpunk (probably piggybacking off the movie’s success)
Jesus Christ I’m gonna put the kids savings into this one. Even if it doesn’t pan out till march, it will in 18 years. No?
Poophole loophole
if your brain was going any slower you'd be getting younger over time
You lot Crying while the markets closed whilst I’m in twenty 4 seven tendy tornado town with my Shart Coins this holiday
My ex, who has a man, hit me up asking to borrow money on Christmas. Toxic ass bitch
Just use her face as a fleshlight at that point
Link
It’s Unkle Data Karp for PLTR.
It was a pretty good phone OS though. Problem was that no-one build proper apps.
GPRO is 85.37% higher than it was one year ago. On any yearly chart
> New Zealand.

Shit, really? And you can trade on the NYSE?

I already wanted to move to NZ...
https://twitter.com/Benzinga/status/1342945841900826624?s=19

Ohio, lol
You had me at hello
[removed]
She was acting dumb playboy
[deleted]
I think so too. They’re dirt cheap right now.
What is happening. Can a mod step up and ban/remove all the retarded noob posts. Learn the way I did, by lurking and then getting yelled at in the daily thread for a month.
You see I get half my internet points by reminding people that stimulus pump is still alive and well
[removed]
Gotcha. Do you have positions in PACB? Very interested since it’s their biggest holding. 

Also saw your other comment on your ARKG call. I have a $110 4/21 that was up 100% in just a few days. Do you think just hold all the way? First call to go over 100% so idk when to sell lol. Thanks for your help 👍🏻
LMAO amazing
Suggest understanding what you are talking about chief.  I don't care if your tokens are worth 100k - it changes nothing.
[deleted]
I am having similar feeling. BABA is soon going to become meme stock and hit all time high.
So was Mrevor Tilton, but that didn’t stop him from diddling his cousin.

**lmao. Busted & disgusted. Can’t be trusted.**
(x) doubt
Upvoted because you're in GME now. You'll be more than doubling your amount in the next months.

Also good advice, just not exactly usable in countries outside of the US.
[deleted]
Yeah I have a ton of games and there’s a update for at least one game every couple days
It's gonna sound like I'm in for another 10k on Monday.. but that's because I'm in for another 10k on Monday.
Having spoken to him I would whole-heartedly disagree with your assessment. I've been talking about GameStop for years. There's nothing "Pump and dump" about what I say or do. Best of luck.
Yea, my brain is 6-8 months behind on average
And what you're selling!
Alright I'm more or less inherently retarded but I've been thinking about melvin & their baba position. Wtf are they going to do if they get clapped on baba & gme? They've got to be on their heels
They're already setting a legal precident for paying out unrealized gains that were stopped due to technical error. RH probably just wants its IPO to go smoothly vs a class action lawsuit.
have you tried buying low and selling high?
ITS A TRAP
Shut up baby dick
Start a charity. Got it.
Her head game was non existent bro I had to teach her 😂 she had never even seen or touched a dick
Start buying better jeans instead of your $20 walnart wranglers that dont fit good
What about Papa Thiel? $PLTR $BWTN
Didn’t realize Jocko was in this sub
Its Trade Republic, the prices are from LS Exchange, so Euro only.
[deleted]
Sweat gang
It’s not a “very bearish” position it’s slightly bullish
SHITTTBISHCOIN 26k 
ALL TIME HIGH


SQUARE IS GONNA FUCKEN ROCKET 🚀 MAN !!!!
Patience.
None. Trust me, it was horrible when we got married she had no clue how to give head
There’s a balance. White culture is too permissive and there’s no way to build generational wealth because of the extra emphasis on individualism. I like Armenians and Koreans for that. Some westernized ones I met were pretty cool.
Hi me
She was crossing her fingers when she told you
[deleted]
I tore my pec last year and haven’t gotten surgery yet:(
Sweatpants. All day, everyday.
Wed?  Very
Nah, I’ve been waiting on these since they were supposed to IPO in early December. But I did see that article which prompted me to post this.
Holy shit FDS has a website lol. People have profile pics of themselves and it’s literally all old white women or fat ghetto bitches. They congregate to tell everyone how they got chadded on and resort to each other for validation. They even talk about how they’re getting married to simps after like 6 months LOL. That shit is very very sad, they look so pathetic dogging on men for being men. Good thing they are so self absorbed, because absolutely nobody worth a damn would want those skanks.
[deleted]
Thought it was just me  glad I’m not alone with my bag of useless skills
Whoa where is the time machine you built to pull this post from 2014 and how much do you charge to rent it?
Zero. We are Mormon
Yeah dude is salty af for sure. Missed out and can’t stand the sight of other ppl profiting
Dude this belongs in OTC.
Im not here for the fundamentals. I'm here for the short squeeze which will eventually happen.
Wait, what do you mean roll your tax debt forward? How does that work?
I’ll pray for you.
[deleted]
Nah, you would have messed up just like 99% of us in here.
No spaces ban
[deleted]
TWST is the one I’m most excited about personally and my highest weighted genomics holding 

Remember how Levi Strauss made a bunch of $ off the gold rush not by panning for gold like everyone else buy by selling the supplies necessary to pan for gold? Basically they seem like they have the potential to be like the Levi Strauss of genomics industry if Levi Strauss could use the knowledge of what ppl are buying to see how they are progressing / find the mines that are doing well, then instead of just selling wheelbarrows to those mines, giving them wheelbarrows for a percentage of the future profit through partnerships, also DNA data storage which is IMO a ballin application of genomics tech to real world non healthcare problem.

Queen Cathie also has it as a large holding in ARKK along with CRSP if she’s got a company in its own etf and ARKK, seems safe to assume it’s one of her big yeets also. 

Some of the partnerships:

https://investors.twistbioscience.com/news-releases/news-release-details/twist-bioscience-partners-invetx-deliver-best-class-antibody

https://investors.twistbioscience.com/news-releases/news-release-details/takeda-partners-twist-bioscience-expand-biologics-discovery

https://investors.twistbioscience.com/news-releases/news-release-details/twist-bioscience-and-neogene-announce-broad-strategic

https://investors.twistbioscience.com/news-releases/news-release-details/twist-bioscience-illumina-and-western-digital-form-alliance
You never heard of Workhorse have you
You're stuck in paradox because if you inverse yourself you are in fact doing what yourself decided was the right thing to do, so you end up reversing the inversed self and you set a wheel in motion that will lead you to insanity and loss porn.
[deleted]
Aww jeepers mister, that sure was swell of you! You sure do you know how to make a tard feel special!
Dat LEATHER couch, room smelling of rich mahogany, keep gambling
[deleted]
Sounds like a win win to me but what do I know?
Dont think so, this is Trade Republic, wanted RH as a broker but atleast here in Germany its not available.
Correction. Position?
Never enough snow
Been browsing WSB for as long as I remember, starting of from some gain and loss porn my friend sent me. 

Started to trade option seriously last year April using theta based strategy with about 12k. Adding in here and there through out the year to 32k. Was pretty fortunately to have been consistently profitable. 2020 started off amazing but dipped 80% during the March low, got margin called on my short strangle, escaped with some capital left. I was managed to slowly built it back up through out the year. As of today, the account is sitting at just under 500k. 95% of all the gains were from theta based strategies.

I have all my trades logged on my blog if anyone interested in checking it out! (under trade log tab) : [https://onemadinvestor.com/](https://onemadinvestor.com/)
[deleted]
Directions to unclear. I got my dick stuck, send help
Autonomous vehicles will make it to where you will be able to send your own car to get your food/groceries eliminating the need for for something like dash. Why would u pay for delivery when you could send your own car to pick up the food?
 I went through a bit of a hoe phase but ended up catching the clap
One will argue that you are a jack of all trades, master of none.  However I think you have the mind of an entrepreneur.
Thanks
Tbh sounds just like a salty boy
Thanks
What happen last week with CRM? It shot up to 232, i was getting fomo then dropped down like a stone. Seems very week this stock.
Those selling covered calls against all of your GME shares: what date and strike ? Thinking of selling some but don’t want to get ass fucked by a spike and be forced to sell early
Cut your losses, sell your losers. Or have fun holding those bags for a while :)
Original
Where are you getting the 85% at? I’ll pray for you!
More like 50 or 60
So, PLTR $50 EOY?
On a scale of temperature I'dd say you're about room temperature
I’m pretty sure that ticker is banned on this sub...
Lots of tech stocks dipped hard Wednesday and Thursday. SQ, ZM, OKTA, COUP, etc.
Nah just not a total idiot and understand how it works.
I need flare and BIG FUCKIN TENDIES
Sorry we only care about PSTH here. Assuming this is a typo.
[removed]
Jesus christ, I might sell everything in my recently acquired portfolio and go all in on this with you guys... someone sell me on this
Very
I've jacked off to way worse, this was easy!
So robinhood only gave us one day of snow when the markets were closed? That’s bullshit.
Lift weights. There’s no ceiling and you will always feel small
Ya honestly paying taxes on magic internet monies makes sense, me having to give a third of a shit tier 15 an hour job? What the living fuck.
Take a look at what u couldve done better, youll win some nd lose some
It's a Canadian thing. We fuckin love this shit up here
did you just wake up from a coma or something
**Wonder how many blowjays she gave. Probably like 37.**
[removed]
Why is it banned here then? Good luck though.
[removed]
I don’t have much in bit 🪙 itself but I have like 14k in SQ and some riot and hive and yea these past few weeks have been dope
I sold at 13k... $800 fee man
[deleted]
[deleted]
>Not sure why it would be green

Because of the reason you just mentioned.
Bought baba calls during the dip on Wednesday. How retarded am I ?
[removed]
Fucked around with that for like a week and got down to like 1:30 but just used the beginner method didn’t feel like memorizing any of the algorithms lol
He would have lost it all in other play
Costco, fedex, nvidia
And the government shutdown. No more stimulus. He still could have that one senator who replaced Jeff sessions dispute the election results, and any number of ways that could disrupt the transition of power(markets prefer stability and any sort of dispute would disrupt that.) then we gotta add that evictions will probably go up after the 28th. Jobs will be laid off as the virus spreads. People won’t be able to use food stamps or unemployment anymore. And if the new variant is in America we could see more hospitals getting overwhelmed soon.

This is shaping up to be a very bad economy going into 2021, which is probably what Trump wants. And if republicans win in Georgia, we all know what Mitch does when republicans aren’t in the whitehouse. Expect anything Biden tries to do to be hamstringed.

Things are gonna get worse in a week I think
Right could also selloff Sunday night. Right now it’s bored $$ on a long weekend
Ban
Just threw in $100 bc fuck it. Down 10% another $200, down 10% another $300 let’s DCA this BT C bitch
Pfffffffttt that guy on Twitter is not an analyst dummy
Well I started last year with mostly Tesla and Nvidia, I sold my Nvidia position recently and went for Nio, Plug Power and a few others.
Whenever that happens I'm reminded why I don't buy Chinese stocks.
Think or swim
Exactly!
I own VALE, MT, X and CLF....but like ONLY 2 calls for GME. 

Will you possibly make money from GME, I'm 98% sure you will, but then you have to factor in how much are you gonna actually make? Everyone is hoping for a short squeeze and yes I see it too (hence why i bought a couple of call options) but I don't see it going to the actual moon, a possible squeeze of maybe 4 dollars? I'm already past my break even so I'm fine with whatever. 

But with steel, the ENTIRE planet is in need of it at the moment. Every country is requesting it, in addition with so many lockdowns and the pandemic physical infrastructure hasn't been monitored effectively (1yr without routine building checks), along with differing storms, high concentrations of acidic rain and other corrosive that have left buildings damaged, then you have Tesla and some other shakers needing millions of tons of steel in addition to airlines and ships that are now requiring repair and new assembly. 
Supply vs demand. MT raised its prices because of demand. 

GME will probably see their squeeze the 1st two weeks of February and steel holders will probably see massive gains end of March or beginning of April (I'm already up and my calls are green af and aren't even at my break even). 

GME has a multitude of competitors and offers absolutely nothing to the market, honestly I'm still trying to figure out how they're even open...probably because of trading & credit (which is still a massive ripoff), but I'm hoping Cohen does some sort of corporate take over cause I can see him making GME into an actual something. 

If you're able to, I'd dump a portion of your VALE, purchase some GME and the remainder on $MT. 
The gainz you get from GME, keep half and the other half load up into $MT. Either way you're safe. And if you have a little to spare place it into $PLTR for the long haul. 

Just my thoughts on it.
Think or swim
I have no actual proof but iirc he had some posts where people had more or less run the numbers on what he claimed.  He could have been legit but just from what ai read it seemed off.
There is a bunch of brokers you can use in the UK, IB/TD/tasty and degiro offers some but not a very broad selection of options I believe
Have you tried pussy?
[removed]
Guh
Keep sucking that government dick, I’m sure they have your best interest in mind always
Lol k
You must be new.  This is common WSB weekend thread talk mate.
Must be tough living in your parents basement.. likely in Arkansas or the like.. haven’t smelt a woman’s tenderloins since the fat choad you got paired up with via cat fishing (never trust an all-selfie profile, bro) back in 18’.. you tell yourself one day you will meet yours as you continue to add to the reservoirs of impacted feces via your factory food, corn fed diet
Literally been posted since this posted went up
My wife was a virgin and I popped her cherry. So was I, though I did get some BJs from some hoes before just never sex
I’m pretty deep in RIOT and MARA 1/15s and few longs. Hoping Monday pans out like everyone expects
Yee!
[deleted]
🚀🚀🚀
Def should take it for a spin
I don't play amy video games. I'm pretty sure that I start my PS4, the bitch is going to update for a year.

And I'm done masturbating. This year is wreaking havoc on willie 🍆 has become 🍠
Don’t forget CIBR/HACK/BUG for cyber security
Please do
I bought in at 18k two weeks ago making fucking bank
Stonks.
So you read the yahoo finance article about the top 4 IPOs to look out for in 2021 and then decided that was good enough DD. Can’t go tits up!
that ass is covered in shit.... must have been shit dd
I’ve had a semi for the past couple months from GME, but god damn these past couple days have made me ROCK HARD. Now that I’ve really started to dive in and do my DD, the writing is clearly on the wall for us all to see. GameStop is here to stay and has HUGE upside potential based off of updates throughout the past months/year.

After seeing /u/DeepFuckingValue post yesterday and checking out his YouTube channel, I ended up watching tons of his livestream updates, and it just gave me more and more confidence in GameStop’s future. The happy upbeat attitude throughout the stream and welcoming everyone was really cool.

I also ended up going through tons and tons of your comments and your DD /u/Uberkikz11 , and you provide so much valuable information and insight. It’s much appreciated. I would love for you to get proven absolutely correct and we see share prices in the triple digits by 2023 (just off fundamentals, disregarding the MOASS).

I will be averaging up this week heavy. I already had plans to, and this post just gives me even more confidence. Huge thanks to all the GME bulls for your continued DD and the positive outlook that’s headed our way. 2021 is the year of GME.

💎🤚baby. GME gang gang

Bears r fukt
[deleted]
Thank god there is someone else here who understands. I feel slightly less lonely. TA is absolute bullshit and it boggles my mind how many people refuse to get that no matter how many times TA leads them astray.
You sound quite retarded ngl
Aww someone’s jealous they didn’t buy earlier how cute
SQ down like $17 from its high a couple days ago. With the way bit 🪙 is going I doubt you’ll get a good entry on Monday though
No stimulus, new strain, Tennessee bombing

Not sure why it would be green
Lol, if you say so - it's not practical for 99%+ of the population - because the distribution is labor intensive.  Electric infrastructure has much more efficient distribution.
Rubix cube is your next venture
Trump didn’t sign the stimulus
[removed]
Here is what’s going to happen when Robinhood IPOs.. you heard it here first

They are going to allocate a ton of shares to users of their platform.. whatever the high end of the price is they are going to 2x it.. you degenerates will all buy as many ipo shares as possible.. RH will start to trade.. their platform will ‘accidentally’ be down shortly after trading goes live for the rest of the day so you can’t sell.. RH dumps as the real traders get out making a fortune.. Robinhood cucks the Robinhooders yet again 

*mark it*
The new automod is kinda cute
EXACLY new pattens are formed all the time
Congrats, good to see these wholesome posts for the holiday
Its all about Chinos for me
He's banned for pnd. Lol.
You sound like my wife
At 10 mil+ they own brands people aren’t even aware of. LV and Gucci are poor people brands compared to Hermès or Chanel which can run 15-25k for a handbag.
[deleted]
Pump and dump bullshit you are posting about
Boldness is stored in the balls.
Related, would Jesus really want the market to be closed on his birthday, let alone the day before it??
Bought a leap on lmt Christmas Eve. Let’s get these tendies
U stupid amature
Shouldn't plug be up over 1000% since last year?  Don't get it
Your puts are fucked, Melvin.
"There's absolutely no evidence for sickle cell" 

Victoria Gray is living proof that you're full of it.
Sounds fine to me but I lean towards YOLO plays. I think GME will be over 30 by then personally.
I only wear Khakis now bro. Can’t fuck with jeans anymore. To prevent yourself from being a boomer get them in cool colors. Like burgundy or dark teal.
She was I promise
You get a lambo! And you get a lambo!
[deleted]
[deleted]
[removed]
[deleted]
Yes
What software is this? Always see people using it
Be a fuckin man? People respond to power. Don't beg and plead for them to understand you, don't even try to reason with the irrational.
Asscoin 27k eod
Make life easy and buy highest strike available
BABA, GILD, AZN, T
What if I told you that a real whale has 10x this at minimum.
So I need to throw my shrimp dick in your moms gaping pussy so it has room to grow?
Parents momey most likely
X gonna give me a first class ticket to tendytown
If we hit 27k I bet it’ll hit 27.5k within the same 15 minute candle
Im just trying to be on the right side of it. I like calls and puts.
[deleted]
Why so?
[deleted]
banks are about to fall apart...
Yes to #1 kind of, if you die early your beneficiary(ies) will still get the money the same as they would if not in an IRA account.  And in theory if you're really firing on all cynlinders you'll have some money locked up and other money non-retirement.

\#2 I'd merely summarize to say, don't put all your eggs in one basket.  Maybe like 7-10 baskets feels right.  Maybe 15 at most?

\#3 anybody holding SPY index would still be up for 2020 if they never sold and were holding from Jan 1.  I think being willing to hold a bag every now and then is better than selling at a low, but since you can't time the market YMMV there.  

\#4 spot on.

\#5 spot on.
I spend way too much time learning useless skills. Like literally a hundred hours then I get bored and move on to the next thing. Random businesses I’ll never start, piano, sailing, guitar, chess, juggling, magic tricks, trading, the list literally goes on and on. Right now I’m learning to count cards. Is it just me or does everyone do this???
How do you feel about SRACW compared to the stock /units / calls? 1.50 strike and expiry in 2026. Seems like great play for long hold
Rural pa, but the dynamics are the same pretty much.
Buy the close, sell the open would work real good for SQ
Because it was originally a pagan celebration of the winter solstice (the shortest day of the year meaning a return to light and longer days ahead) and the Christians stole it in an effort to try to convert pagans. That’s why you bring in a tree from outside and put a star on top of it for example, customs which have nothing to do with Jesus.
With one of the worst endings ever created :<
Ban
can you do it? need to get in again...
I love this company!  New to WSB. I’ve got 8k shares but open to option ideas
It will be hilarious to see all these idiots thinking they have sweet gains but as soon as they try to actually cash out the entire illusion crumbles.  Such a pure greater fools theory example.
BOTZ - robotics/ai/automations

CIBR - cybersecurity 

HACK - cybersecurity
How would you like some COST
I'm making EVs in my garage, who wants in?
[deleted]
Girls are gonna need a phone screen that stretches to mars when you send them dick pics after GME moons
Consent not included? Wow. I'm gonna be less fat this year and fully fund a roth.
I find sweats to be more comfortable than both
$$$$$$
Congrats bro. This is the day you became a man
What are you even talking about
To be in the presence of a god. It just never gets old.
Wow you’re a massive retard congrats

Positions?
PLTR to the moon baby 🚀🚀
Probably not, but 400 most likely.
He's a fayjit 🐻
So I guess Monday is fucked?
Oh boy

I opened up an account with a few hunderd dollars on it back in 2011-2012. 
I dumped it on penny stocks and lost it all. 
Did a new deposit with a few thousand and dabbled in euro Turbo’s. After a year i stopped with it with a total loss of around $2000. 

Didn’t touched it again till the start of this year. What a good timing it was...not. 
Deposited around $40k where i used $25k to buy ETF’s in January. A month later i had i nice profit of around 7%. Finally winning i thought. Then came the crash...

I dubbled down with $10k i had when the shit was crashing. 
My unrealized loss was about 20% of my port back then. 
Then i used my last $5k to buy some stocks (Shell, AMD,..) and sold it after a few weeks for a total of $2k profit. 

Then i made the biggest mistake in my life. 
The market was rising and rising and thought to myself this wouldn’t go on. SPY was back at around 260 back then. 
I took the loss on my ETF’s and bought put options (the famous SPY 220p). I lost nearly $10k on that one. Opened up other options plays where i lost another $10k in total on SPY and European indices. 

I lost nearly 50% of my total portfolio ($40k) and stepped out of the market for a while. 
Bought some stocks in August and sold it for a $1,5k profit in November. I read a lot and learned about option wheeling. Since then, around mid November, i sold my first options (covered ones). 
Made around $2k in a month, but still a long way to go to earn back what i lost.
R u driving
[removed]
i find khakis to be more comfortable than jeans

am i becoming a boomer?
Can't change a commercialized structure that people profit from
You probably don’t even have puts because you are scared. Scared that Cohen will make this a 30 billion$ company and that you will loose all your 🌈🐻 earned money😂
I got 8k in 2022 leaps
The day he was up Pre ER people were telling him to sell for the love of God and he was like nah I'm good.
If u can’t spot the fish than u is da fish
Why would you ever sell? Just hold and pray
that's it? was hoping north of 150 given the current market cap. analysts are expecting 8itcoin to go to 350k this year.
40. 

Kobe & I share the same [birthday. ](https://twitter.com/pepeforthewin/status/1297610660067651584?s=21)
How did you manage to fuck up so hard in a bull market? You a gay 🐻?
Yeah too strong sometimes, I’ll usually smoke the lights.
[removed]
You belong here 🤡
[removed]
Look in the mirror and do the opposite!
Haven’t been bearish in awhile, but Monday could be -3%. Don’t think anyone thought Trump would follow through. Paired with a possible US confirmed variant case.
Screw it. I bought MARA at 4, sold at 13. Going back in pre-market on Monday
Bruh.  Cloned meats.  Lab-grown test tube baby beef.
Early Christians moved it to a pagan holiday to help with conversions in the Roman Empire
Definitely not the only one...
Video games and masterbation
[deleted]
[deleted]
Bought SE and JD weeklies on Friday instead of focusing on RIOT and MARA 1/15 calls. Granted I still have some MARA but should’ve really bought out that dip
No I'm a little chuby and have a bad rash.
You don't think the one day 30 percent drop was an oversell?
Boo hoo pussy 

Ban no screenshot
Ban time, tick tock
this is the way
You'll understand soon enough. We're barely past the stratosphere...

Edit : Forgot this : **🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀**
I'm just a Florida jit till I die
Lol it only makes me look like a Chad 🤡🤡🤡
Ah okay so you're hoping it hits 35 very short term
Even if it doubled or tripled the paper profits are meaningless.  Once a real bank run hits it will fall apart entirely.  Total waste of time and resources - anything to the contrary is fantasy.
Let me know when you sell then
Gamestop's app notifications are just porn to me at this point.
How old are you?
Degens how we feel about Cardinals -6.5 spread. I got it at even odds, couldnt pass it up!
This is so fucking true
Calls on Ford
Omg that’s nasty
Why is Christmas at such an irrelevant date? Like Jesus wasn’t even born on this day we might as well make Christmas on New Years
Teachers unions are an absolute cancer on our society. I'm glad they fucked up WSB style.
[deleted]
Don't buy PLTR plz
[deleted]
Give yourself a little bit of room, shares are the way for GME, especially if you don’t have much to work with. I yolo some weeklies now that I have more wiggle room, but I started with 5k and watched it go down to 1k verrry fast chasing weeklies.
Don't do it guys. This stock is gonna be zero or if they get lucky bought out.
In for 400 shares. Been buying calls along the way for some nice gains too.
Up 85% this year. Seems like a great time to buy
ARKG
You’ve never heard the slogan “Eat the Rich”?? 

Food scarcity unites the poors.. every time.

Clone meats probably is a solid boomer investment though..
[deleted]
Subscribe
OMG the long weekend is bullshit. There's nothing to do, no bars are open everything is in fucking lockdown, I've completed this sidequest called Netflix. The only thing left is the fucking stock market.
Don't buy PLTR plz
PLTR 5/21 calls
Wow well said
Ew. Hate those. I’m a fucking hipster smoking american spirits
My 8k in RIOT leaps are going to print
What came first the chicken or the egg?
I'm deep into ARKG and gonna get deeper
I’m greatly enjoying this discussion!
Sell puts
[removed]
A man of culture
Good luck
Checking your horoscope is about as useful as technical analysis.
To protect a non-existent brain? Why?
I'm playin. May you hit many come ups
My life is stupid. If I didn’t take pictures; I wouldn’t believe it either.
> I saw Cathie's outlook on Genetics and AI combining, and did my research. It has me convinced I should go super long on ARKG. 

I just don't buy it. You weren't in EDIT when it was sub-$15 four years ago and didn't care that Cathie existed, and ARKG existed, four years ago either. I want to be the buzzkill here because this is a set-up for losses; people choose time and time again, study after study, to go with active managers that have succeeded failing to realize that you needed to do that before, not after, so the interest in genetics is backwards.

I do *not* recommend this. Genetic manipulation has been around likely before you were born and we just managed to make [and approve lab grown meat](https://www.theguardian.com/environment/2020/dec/02/no-kill-lab-grown-meat-to-go-on-sale-for-first-time) this very year in this very month. It sounds *way* cooler than it will be for the next 20 to 50 years so you'll be holding them bags ultra heavy as these companies flare up and die down over and over again. I'm not saying this to be mean but I am saying it because it is very risky to assume that because something is in vogue now it is worth holding in the future. 

I mean if you want to, play straddles, wide puts, ntm calls, that's probably the smartest play here, because I can see EDIT and other companies just flatlining in the next 3 years since people expect miracles that ... well they don't come like that in medicine. They just don't. Biotech and the like is wild right now but not because of technological progress.

TL;DR: This is a bad bet that actually is a psychological trap that almost ever investor falls for once which is a posteriori thinking; because it is successful it will stay successful and because it is interesting now it will stay interesting are really bad considerations seeing as if it were good years ago and you didn't care there's no reason why it's suddenly good now and there is no reason why it would be suddenly delicious in the future either.
We're in this together! I'm living off of unemployment and scholarships but thankfully my rent and expenses are pretty low. 

I'm putting in at least 5k on Monday
Positions or ban
i have noticed that SQ moves very slow but it doesn't come down much so at the end it moves very high... its like turtle meme strength or something... no consolidation. kinda like arkg. pull backs here and there... but just up in general
[deleted]
Mall was pretty packed.  Calls on retail?
[removed]
If you're on tren you're a chad
[removed]
Quality DD, I’d buy volcano insurance from you
FREE KODAK
Buy more GME.  Got it!  Thx
I fell in love with a mafia bosses daughter 😞
[deleted]
Just do the opposite of what your gut tells you
Logic doesn’t work in the market 🤦🏻‍♂️
The only thing that could make it stop is if i put some fucking money in it. That shit would drop back down to 5K tonight
Your post has been removed because a single link is insufficient DD. Please review the following links before resubmitting.

Please note that abusing DD flair can lead to getting banned.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

[How to conduct DD](https://www.wallstreetoasis.com/forums/on-the-job-with-simple-as-my-research-process)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Do you technical traders require confirmation before entry from as many timeframe charts as possible or is there one that’s proven more reliable than most like 1Day for example?
Do they ever go down?
A **shark** in a fish tank will grow 8 inches, but in the ocean it will grow to 8 feet or more. The shark **will never** outgrow its environment and the same is true about **you**. Many times we're around small thinking people so we don't grow. **Change** your environment and watch your **growth**.
Thank you for all your hard work! You and our other brethren have made so many people so much money while asking for nothing in return. You the real MVPs.
Sir this is a family
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
inverse yourself
Exactly. And then they come to the west and try to impose their trash culture here instead of assimilating (or colonizing, as they say).
[deleted]
I can't wait for the next buttcorn crash. Might not be until 100k though.
My buddy told me about some ticker this week and that I should check it out. I don't even remember the name, and have no idea about the company but I bought 420 shares because I thought it was funny.
[deleted]
Clone cuts.
Excuse me I’m a cuck Dave not a Chad, thank you.
What’s crazy is HOG, how once tried to build EV motorcycles. They failed and people thought the idea was dumb. But it was a rare attempt from a company like that innovate. They have some event in Jan and I wonder if they’ll announce a EV motorcycle. Market is eating that shit up.
"You get gold and you get gold and you get gold" -u/Uberkikz11
I have 6
3,000 shares.  I think I started with 1,000 and have bought on a few dips, so to speak, so to maintain my hetero status.
Thank you. I still don’t get it. But at this point, we can move on.
This is Chris Hansen, have a seat over here
i can smell my feet so i dont think its that
You convinced me OP, buying more shares Monday morning.
Sounds stupid
How are we feeling ARK chads?
In for 2k shares might need another 1000 on margin come Monday 🚀🚀🚀
[removed]
I would throw every cent I have into this
WE BE ASTRONAUTIN WITHIN A YEAR! TO INFINITY & BEYOND!!! 💫💫🌏🌏🌏🌚🌚🌚🌚🌚🌚🌚🌚🌚🌚🌚🌚☄️☄️☄️☄️☄️ WALK ON MARS!! WAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!! FOR GLORY!!!! I CAME TWICE READING ONE POST, TECH?!? HELLLLLLL YEAHHHH MAH BROTHAS! TODAY WE DINE IN HELL!!!
Beautiful. 🔥
They do, but the crackheads will steal your cigarettes
[removed]
So it's a Dale Earnhardt fan club?
Holy shit the bit does not fucking stop... 26.5k now we’re gonna be past 30k on Monday holy shit
How the hell else am I supposed to make a come up
Bit of freudian slip imo
[deleted]
[removed]
Do you still taste other things? If not, you got the rona
That is a lie...down 8.2% still in the green? Cool story bro
That isn't stemmed from his/your culture tho. While the average (or all) brown parents are like this.
Hey dude, I had to write that shit! haha

Best of luck to you as well.
I can’t tell if you live the most spontaneous things-just-work life or you’re just telling us about whatever movie you’re watching from the perspective of a background extra
yeah i can see that if you hold for a long time, but only if good news comes out in q1 or q2
There once was a man from Nantucket, whose penis was so large he could bend over and insert it into his own mouth
Overnight manager at walmart
I’d rather get coal
Shittt wish that were me. I’ve been sitting at 0% since market open smh 🤦‍♂️
https://www.benzinga.com/node/18930512 lol sold TSLA, APPL to buy BABA and people whine about WSB retards 😂
Why do these retards bother posting  this kind of information in this sub? We can't read and we blindly follow "DD" or rocket emojis for bigly gains or losses. 

This is a casino.
I’m humble about my losses now ! May u see green agin brother
Just light a Marlboro Red 100 bro
call me a bull cause I can’t bear these hoes 😔
Yea until you get a job that isn't in *their* path for you.

Ever hear of a brown kid who still talks to their parents after becoming a garbage man or a plumber?
Exactly bro!!! I love living in Kansas as well! I want to go somewhere with growth potential and I see that in Detroit.
[deleted]
[removed]
I mean look at how those countries turned out lmfao
Taking one for the team cause you supported the price at a ceiling price, and mars, well, because that's our first stop before going balls deep into goddamn intergalactic travel
Nobody can say you didn’t try
I’m holding square calls for 1/8, 247.50 that I bought at $232. Since then it’s dropped $4 and my calls 35%. Guh
They arent even doing anything
Take mine too!
Wrong sub my guy
im not gonna lie, it's impressive that you're still alive.
I have an idea. Let's all dump money in ICLN until we become millionaires and the world is carbon-emission free.

&#x200B;

WSB will save the world
Lol I’ll take what I can get
Hey we have the same bag 🤭
Fuck that’s right I want be embraced & liked by the bottom feeding morons.  Next post will simply consist of; 20 rocket emojis and one of the 10 stocks you only know about; PLTR, GME, QS, LAZR.  

I knew my post would be hated (that’s what I was going for) want to measure the degree of stupid money being invested and have boys have made me proud. It’s as stupid as I’ve seen it all year long.   Good luck and I’m sure all of you will keep making fortunes.
fucking idiot
who here has 5 or more coins
It's 5 with TDT and 2 with S C D. The one that has finished follow ups so far was TDT. Yeah, you probably would have known that if you had read it. There's absolutely no evidence for S C D.

I've had investments in crispr well before this trial but you'd have to be a complete idiot to think this paper means anything significant.
C’mon! The spreads were a good bet and the 4500c was just for fun. So I threw $395 on 5x 1/15/21 4500c. If it gets a nice jump this coming week, I’ll still make some small dinero and make bigger dinero on my spreads.

Also, there’s quite a bit of volume on the 1/8/21 4400c... so that’s probably why I went with the 1/15/21 4500c.
It sucks, and just goes to show that "white" culture is better in every way, even if SJWs are trying to dismantle it.
Mastercard SpendingPulse: U.S. Retail Sales* Grew 3.0% This Holiday Season

Long MA AMZN SHOP
Such a bad vibe, lets stick to talking about stocks lads
Last year was great! 2020 down 70k from peak and can’t seems to get it back. I’m hoping 2021 is my year. I have been sitting at 60-80k for months.
Your don't have the balls of a true mod to buy leaps on NOK. BRING IT!
Why petco when there’s chewy, how popular is it in other states? I live in NYC so I’m not too familiar with petco, since I don’t live near one. I literally see chewy boxes being delivered to my apartment, all the time tho
Who’s gonna tell him?
I disagree. Fine. Don’t use the app but use it as insurance. Pay 5$ a month and get a new GoPro when yours breaks with no questions asked. It’s essentially a protection plan with an app.
What’re you taking about I’m up like 3% this hour
You’ll find middle class some upper middle class flaunting these things and plenty poor flaunting whatever they can of this, high class 10m+ 20m+ are more subtle with these things. Past that mindset and for the good (generally speaking and more true for men than women of course)
Buy more. PayPal has it no fee now. It’s crazy.
I work in a very well off tourist area.  Literally found a Gucci wallet (womens) packed with cards last winter in a shopping cart.  Yes, they wear and own those brands.  Patagonia and Helly Hanson appear to be big this winter but I still spot the odd LL bean on occasion.
heres a bag of RKT
Some dude just confirmed she keeps a guys DNA forever 🤤🤤🤤🤤🤤🤤
Calls on disney
[deleted]
Good stuff man. Thanks for taking the time to put this up.
[deleted]
Do you not know how to look at a chart bigger than 1 month? This has been rising and falling multiple times in the last half of a year. It has incredibly strong longterm support that it’s way above. GME may slip back down close to that support in the next 10-20 days. But even then it’s still generally headed up and it’s not going anywhere past that support like you think it is. I hope you go long with your shorts and get absolutely buttfucked in false hope
[deleted]
I bought GLSI when it was up 2000% in a day.
Think it’s done running?
All I want is the market to open. Why do I have such a problem
Thcb was banned weeks ago.
I sold 50k at 9,000. Were legit retarded
do they make fake nicorette lozenges? 

cause the ones i just bought taste like nothing
[deleted]
I can’t wait to drive my lambo to Popeyes 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Detroit is awesome. You get so much value for your dollar here. I pay $595 rent for a fairly nice apartment and my neighborhood is pretty safe. I say that as a young woman, so I definitely wouldn't rent in the ghetto. Laughing at all the people who pay 2k a rent for a shoebox in some cesspool full of insufferable yuppies who will cancel you if you assume your dog's gender.

If you do look at detroit, I strongly recommend southwest Detroit, particularly Mexicantown. They don't shit where they eat. The area is safe but has a nice working class vibe, and a new bridge to Canada is going up so lots of activity.
Schtonkeln
Will spy hit $500 by june??
*Cuck fantasy intensifies* 🤤
[deleted]
My dumbass thought 240 was a good entry point
Tsla 670c 12/31?
ZM ain’t shit
I saw that post back then. Decided to yolo a bit and am +21% up already. Thanks for sharing. This has potential for $30 and above.
6k here I'm retarded
[removed]
[removed]
So this isn’t the cost of the app. This is the cost of their subscription which they are projected to have 2m users by end of 2021. They are launching the new app next year and it will probably be free...with some type of premium cost.
[removed]
Houston is trash compared to Dallas.
This is one of the few comments on Reddit that is not completely retarded.
I'm not sure.. But I've read a lot people saying over some time it will hit 50s and high potential to hit 120s. I'll be happy with 100 a share. I've bought 18. New to the game.
[removed]
[removed]
30% of the planet lives on about $1000 per year.
[deleted]
[deleted]
I have 200c 01/29 but looking to close my position Monday
very bullish
so we have 2 years
ohhh damn
Closed market is fake and gay
Agreed knew a bunch of brown people who’s parents treated them like property.
Idfk man, I got flair out of it at least. I feel like a kid who's parents are getting divorced
I think it's about us exploring r/FemaleDatingStrategy yesterday
Started from the bottom now I'm here (still at the bottom, rock bottom)
Interest rates going up are going to fucking _bad_ for the market. Circuit breakers bad.
Think about how many people keep their toothbrush on the counter in the same room they flush to toilet in (6 feet or more of fecal aerosol)
🙏🏼🔥🚀🔥🙏🏼
[deleted]
Wtf?!?!
Cathie Wood= *HBIC
[deleted]
NVTA dipped all the way to a support line. Gonna bounce back hard on monday. I'm almost all in.
[deleted]
[removed]
i see it as they are about to break out of their all time highs which is 137 i beelieve... then comes that run up that you are talking about. couple that with earnings in 30 days and a possible stimulus, i think we are in for a huge run up. of course this will not be the case if some dumbsht starts to happen.
Good thing I sold my 🅱️coin at $7,000 😎
Thank you stranger!
[deleted]
I wouldn't buy calls at this point until it sells off to below 25.
interest rates increases could be years away....and bond yields nada. not sure I see that happening
Buddy bought a window of time on the tollway again. 5am. 
Fucker should have told me like 6 hours ago. I’m 2 bottles in and  I ain’t stopping. 

I don’t know who else he invited, but his P1 isn’t shit till he’s 120mph. 
Some old dude with a DBS has been running his mouth though. 


These aren’t regular street races, so there isn’t shit to watch when we are hitting 160. 

Only rule is no seatbelts. Welcome to UGR.
No he said that because we are incredibly rich in resources and comparatively few citizens per square mile. Almost all the wealth is going to the top few percent, but we are so rich with so few people that we still have a better standard of living that most nations on earth. He also said that quote 30 years ago before supply side economics had much tome to take hold. Social mobility was far higher back then, ceos made 75x the average worker’s pay instead of 500x, the 1% was far less wealthy than it is today, etc etc.
[deleted]
Damn, today was such a flat as fuck day
I use linear regression channels and Schaff trend cycle on either a 30 day 1 hour chart or a 1 year 1 day chart. When it touches the bottom channel, I get ready to buy in when the schaff indicates it
enjoy getting downvoted
tldr 

- if you're cool with money being locked up until you're 60, you don't think you'll crap out early like the zappos CEO, and youre all good living at your mom's for another few decades...put your shit into an IRA or something 

- gotcha is you can't put lots in at once, so I'm not sure how to take this advice when you have any real capital already; lucky for you guys, you don't.

- you can't time the market and you got lucky this year if you came out on top; Yada Yada Sacca 

- don't be a greedy fuck and take your profits when you have the opportunity 

- money isn't all important, cherish the real shit in life

This about right OP?
Made 15k on IAC. Lost half of those gains betting against friggin TSLA. Lesson learned? Need to follow more advice in this sub. Should be fine.
Not following the logic care to elaborate?
yeah but he didn't will the team to be competitive which is what real winners do. if it was lebron you know he would have put up a monster stat line and done everything he could to put the team in a posiition to win. Kawhi just gave up.
[deleted]
There is a group of young mRNA programmers just now fresh out of grad school and first of their kind getting into the industry. Just a couple of them is going to be the next Bill Gates, Bezos, Steve Jobs/Woz, but right now they are still in the phase of tinkering in their garage biolabs. This tech goes far beyond just curing diseases and breeding human super mutants. The biotechnical revolution will completely transform the entire technology/manufacturing/engineering landscape on a larger scale than the industrial revolution.
I have $DIS shares, already invested in soyboys
Actually, women collect dude's DNA and keep it forever...   


Sauce: [https://www.deccanchronicle.com/lifestyle/sex-and-relationship/270617/find-out-how-women-keep-dna-from-men-she-has-had-sex-with.html](https://www.deccanchronicle.com/lifestyle/sex-and-relationship/270617/find-out-how-women-keep-dna-from-men-she-has-had-sex-with.html)
Gonna be a fun one. May sell some puts or csp for more shares. 

In for a while w shares & April calls
Jokes on you, my wife’s boyfriend made me become a eunuch; theres your word of the day cocksucker
Should’ve bought the Mara dip friday
his parents won’t let him spend their money on GME
A life time of control that they continue to impose on you that doesn't end even in your late 20s or early 30s. 

Insults, rude suggestions, forced haircuts, small things that add up.
Where was this, Letterkenny Ontario?
YESSSSS, BEETCOINZ STOCKS TO THE MOOOON
My impression was he was scraping yahoo finance and then creating these free applications of the data to advertise for services that ultimately he charged for.  He claimed this was not the case and he paid for the data but it didn't seem right to me nonetheless (and other people as well).  Anyhow he could have just stopped or the same suspicions got him banned.
Great cheers.
Ugh, I deserve medal after reading all this. But seriously man, good on you, good luck on the way to 8 figures.
Short squeezing the finest juice outta GME. Milking that short load.
https://youtu.be/1GQ9mH5Zzr0

WandaVision | Final Trailer Spot | Disney+ January 15th
[removed]
Yeah - I’ve done 90% of the remaining balance with no issue.
[deleted]
It's 7 patients, not 5. This treatment treats 2 different diseases and were grouped into two different n's. You would know this if you had taken any time to read it...

For the life of me I don't know why anyone would sit on their hands with this waiting for a larger sample of patients, but you do you.
[deleted]
January 11th is game over for shorts.
The early market close fucked me from Australia! Worst thing is I was up 60% at close :s
I’ve noticed the past few weeks every Monday morning 4 am it starts going down
[removed]
Form an LLC and trade under that.
He is talking about  cultured meat.  Real meat grown in a lab, not plants made to simulate meat. In volume it will probably be cheaper to produce than animal meat in 10 years or less.
Excuse me I dove in
Yeah you don’t even need to wait for 200. The short 190p was going for 5-9$ so either you get them for 185$ in feb if it drop or you pocket 500$ without doing shit.
Oh I get it because they can’t afford hot water
[deleted]
The MMS are diamond handing the fuck out of us right now. It's basically a staring contest at this point. They can suffer the massive loss, but stand to gain way more if we cuck out. Don't be a paper handed bitch. We got this.
Good luck I just closed out to write off 150-160’s strike 1/15 puts
>100% true!!  
>  
>You are better off investing in the small caps, handpick for yourself than the ETF
[Okay](https://www.thoughtco.com/name-calling-fallacy-1691413).  Take care.
i was just jking brah 

please dont tell mr fbi about this
If I hit the jackpot and my friends DIDN'T ask for drugs I'd be ultra sus.
Lmao
You might be out of luck then, but I’d call Monday anyway. Fidelity’s customer service has been pretty good.
I’m a little over 19 with a 29.5k trading account and a couple thousand more in savings/retirement.

We’re kinda on the same level... except I haven’t inherited any money
Haha literally what I was going to comment. Congrats OP but I want seven figures in less than 1.5 years
Why?
Thanks dude this will keep me entertained ☺️
Real like cuck bro lol you’d be surprised how many girls go along with it.
[deleted]
you can't tell?
[deleted]
So how much do you have in PTLR
Hmm

What does it mean
Guessing the next crash will be due to big money rotating their money back into bonds and other non stock. Dunno when that’ll happen though, maybe when they start to sniff any possibility of interest rates increasing.
I’ll pass
Fantastic. What trades did you make to capitalize on what was coming ?
SBE is the position
Extra salt, extra hot, extra fry container, 3 bags, 15 ketchup, 3 ranch, 2 mayos, a honey packet and a sweet and sour dip. $1.98
My boss wears shit from like the 80s.
Someone who so adamantly comments on homosexuality is likely a homosexual himself, subconscious or not..
Monday
All the time but they usually buy the really subtle pieces. My buddy has a Goyard wallet that cost a couple grand but you wouldn’t know it unless you looked it up. I think gucci is directed more for 18-24 year olds.
eyes beer?

look cheers?

I'm so lost
I didn't expect OP to know what a limit order is with a strategy like that. Looking at the volume, he might be the one causing the spike so there goes the limit order :P 

it's just a joke dude
sir this is wsb
Damn I missed all the baby mama subreddit drama. Anyone got a brief synopsis?
If I was wealthy I’d wear wal mart brand clothes on purpose just as a fuck you
[deleted]
Yeah.. I got that.
There’s a chance. Not some bad put options available too. Forget February at .05. Look further out 👀
He's making fun of people who won't buy until it crashes.
[removed]
Supposedly institutions are buying the fuck out of it
> Americans get their ass up out of bed and go work as wage slaves to make shareholders rich


Is this why Buffet said if you are born in US,  consider yourself that you won the lottery?

Edit: I just noticed your username..lol
Considering that’s all being posted on this reddit, probably
should rip a few new assholes also while you're at it for extra pleasure
Don't know.  Research, report back.  Likely not as cells regenerate at a rapid rate in the mouth and many fluid passed through since then.  But for you.. probably.
Absolutely amazing.

And would never make it on tv nowdays.
[removed]
[deleted]
Big F
CATHIE WOOD
My NKLA puts have a stupid high IV .... and are still printing.
[removed]
Sell? We don't sell around here, thats quitter talk.
Yes, go here and feast r/femaledatingstrategy
i have an optimistic sell limit of 35; unless i hear some good news ill keep it there
coins mooning but semis are not is some strange shit
ewwwwwww so you can suk one each at the same time?
😂
No he's not. Read u/SIR_JACK_A_LOT 's Christmas post.
Low end peak...
No one's forcing you to come here
Dog Dick
[removed]
And yet day after day the market says fuck all of you
You can’t even whoosh? Idk what that means lol

Like you can’t fly?
You bought SPY, TQQQ and PLTR calls and this is what happened? Damn.
So many timelines and we ended up in the one where Weird Al collaborates with Weezer and Kenny G collaborates with Kanye. Blessed
[deleted]
I just DCA $500 every now and then on cash app

Just don’t make one large buy
Baba is gonna get meme stocked. I bet this thing hits new all time highs

EDIT: let’s MEME BABA and give a 🖕to China
Hold on.... are you suggesting that they will take DNA from monkeys and put into humans? Or am i too retarded to understand what you are writing? it was quite long text.
See a 5yr weekly chart on this [post](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kkq5ay/baba_5_year_weekly_chart_perhaps_200_is_a_better/).
[removed]
Yes
Brown parents are the worst. People joke about Asian and South Asian parents being strict, but it's an actual problem that proves our culture is a pile of turds.
Is it the same for cum when she swallowed another guys load?
lmao. This was cheesy af but it literally made me lol
What happened to the dude that would post the options with the greatest returns every day? I had a few posts saved from him but i guess the autist got banned?
Would rather the wicken over the artist
Pog
I accidentally went short 1900 RIOT shares Christmas Eve. Wish me luck, I’m no gay bear!
Who?

I haven’t seen another human for like a year
But a significant hurdle of going green is energy storage. And this doesn’t need to be mobile. With the Biden admin pushing green energy, maybe this could be a step in the right direction.
I “lost you” at the only sentence that was typed? 

Wow. Not only are you an idiot, you’re literally fucking RETARDED lol
What kind of weird mushroom tip rocket is that?
i read all of this, did some research and found out since Sweden is my wife’s boyfriend i can only choose what funds i want my retirement money in, i can’t yolo it on GME like i wanted too
yup.  been running a set of twins for a few years..  boy/girl that are now almost 8.  most important thing is be there,  embrace it,  try not to take things to serious,  laugh about everything,  gonna need a shitload of patients so bring that with ya,  keep them active and it takes there mind off of other things.
I can't even, r/whoosh
Final note: the reason why I’m so bullish on RMG, is because I used to sell instrumentation  for testing and automation to Romeo back in 2016-18. So I’ve been onsite and met management. Because of that, I followed several of them on LinkedIn and that’s how I found out about the merger and went in big when it was $11. 

So this is the rare opportunity for me personally where I truly believe in them and have first hand experience. (But not for the past 2.5 years, but still). 

If you use stocktwits, you can find a lot of good info on there. I post frequently on it.
Me with TSLA, sold at $260 pre split
I said autistic not artistic
Milf?
literally going tits up
One of us
Big fax 📠 no 🧢
[deleted]
look at the bid ask you fucking retard
u/deepfuckingvalue You've convinced me to buy GME for couple of times. After $16 I was afraid to get into it. Now on Monday I'm deep into GME. Tendies coming soon. GME to the 🌝 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
the clippers collapse really wasnt kawhis fault

that whole team is ass from coach to bench
Is B T C skyrocketing because the markets are closed and people are bored or are we about to see a crazy bull run like 2017
Fam $VAR is getting acquired by Siemens, it was announced in August. It hasn't moved since then, so unless you're bullish on the 
buyer I wouldn't do this trade.
Go wipe your ass, LVM.
[deleted]
Any man who submits to findom deserves jail time and possibly castration
That makes a lot of sense. Are you saying we shouldn’t use these indicators at all? As far as I’m aware, this type of institutional manipulation usually occurs in micro and small caps and not so much mid to large. I’m not super educated on all that though. Would be interested in hearing your thoughts
seriously thanks for the writeup. I mostly troll all the time. So trying to write something nice. My retardation keeps flaring up all the time. Thanks again, i will buy leaps on IDNA.
Fr, it will drop Sunday night too, right after you go to sleep. You’ll wake up Monday to see you’re down $5,000. That’s why I just can’t do it.... and I’ll prolly miss out.
Particles of her saliva stay in your body for 3 months.  So that ho you with 89 days ago, she inside you.
Same. Dumped it for a modest gain.
[deleted]
Imagine practicing religion in 2021
I wipe my ass with my hands.
My cock is coverd with tattoos because I’m alpha as fuck
Go on coinbase
“I’ll buy after the crash” 

If you know the crash is coming why not make money on both ends? Do you hate making money? Or are you not really sure when the or if the crash is going to happen? Seems like you’re smart enough to short the crash and then buy it on the way back up.
[deleted]
You’re too smart and make too much sense for these specials. Great job friend. Next time dumb it down with more pictures and charts. Jk.
NO COME BACK *dials number*
wtf
I seem to be the only motherfucker who can lose money on SQ calls multiple times in a row
What about one who is convinced he is autistic and isn’t
>$UFO and $YOLO

for how long u think they can stay hot?
Nice work!
Well the most probable source I found said after ER
[removed]
The 🦆 is this?
[removed]
what do you know about planes, other than just getting on and off them? this is a nonstory
Yes FBI, this guy right here
[deleted]
Parkours fail comps are fun.   Try to find ones with leg breaks. 

r/childrenfallingover can give a few hours of laughs.  r/kidsarefuckingstupid also
[deleted]
[deleted]
I’m retarded, what do you mean?
Best thing is if you're too poor to pay off the loan it gets wiped out after a while.
gay!
You lost me at you’re an idiot, the disrespect was uncalled for pussy
I know this is old but a trader would never exercise it at 460 though. That's completely blowing the time value of the option. if a option has $3 inherent value for that much over the stock price, and $1 for time value, you would just resell it or you'll lose the $1 for exercising. Unless there's no time value at all because there's only hours left
*Dialupservice has left this conversation*
Greedo coming for his money
Tootooru
[removed]
Hey man dont call me gay, i only kiss men
I bought the dip. It’s a fools game in this market to wait for further pull back. BABA trade for 237$ in the Hong Kong market but in our gamma from the put buying drop it to 311. By eod put already lose 50% if you bought them at anytime during the day. How I know, I sold a shit load.
No, literally the only people I see buy that shit have 6 figures or less. Anyone I know pulling millionaire money doesn’t seem to do shit it other than buy shitty cars.
The amount of income is less important, the right IRA structure is the critical part to the equation.  A few figures, and with my admittedly limited knowledge:

1. A person with a W2 employee type job can contribute a max of $13,500/year or $19,500/year if they have a Simple IRA or 401K offered at work.  The company can match on top of that.
2. A self-employed person with a 1099 (like me) can be a little more tricky but basically you can contribute a max of \~20% of gross income to the business to a SEP-IRA and about the same into a solo-401K (I believe), and then the company (even if it is your own company) can throw some match on top.
3. Anybody can contribute $6,000 to a Roth or Traditional IRA regardless of what is offered through their work.

Some years it made sense to utilize my SEP and others my solo-401K and all years I (believe I was able) to utilize my Roth.  Every situation can vary a little but even within that variance at a minimum somebody can put $6K into an account each year and probably likely another \~20% of self-employed income or $13.5-19.5k if they work at a place that offers a plan, not counting any match from said company.  

Apologies if you do some research and discover I was off on any part of that but I think I'm pretty close if not correct.
I hope they didn’t so I could clean her off
No one tell him.
I got fucked after Labor Day weekend
It will back up and run to 30 K. Peak is around 100K
Uberkikz is the og. And this shit makes me rock hard. But we also need u/ahminus opinion in here. I'm in for 3k shares with another 10 grand on the side waiting for a dip
DO IT ELON! I'll go balls deep, X marks the spot!
People have been talking about it since Netflix started
Haha wow, not about to get into that one, you're a fucking idiot.
chinese bezos is not my daddy
UET is privately held. But CC supplies it’s chemicals.
Gladly would if given the opportunity.
look at this professional \[soon2bebroke\] r3t@rd

let's take a look at these so called "facts"

1. stimulus is never priced in. in fact, nothing is priced in.
2. what are you even saying
3. he lost
4. covid bullish
5. your opinion doesn't matter. this one does. [https://www.cnbc.com/2020/12/16/powell-says-stock-prices-are-not-necessarily-high-considering-the-low-level-of-interest-rates.html](https://www.cnbc.com/2020/12/16/powell-says-stock-prices-are-not-necessarily-high-considering-the-low-level-of-interest-rates.html)
I personally don’t think it is. So much so that I’m planning on selling some of my slow movers to put more into RMG on Monday. 

I recommend jumping right in on Monday, as the vote happens at like 10am, then merges in 2-3 days after. 

If it opens big (which it might) wait for 30min to an hour for the sell off. Then it will climb back in the afternoon. It’s done that so much it’s easily predictable now. (Check the past daily charts)

I personally just been holding long. Through all the dips. But seems lot of people do the buy high sell low strategy here often.
There's a lot worse. 

Females who are into witchcraft. Alt-girls who wear clown makeup in public. Girls with medusa or septum peircings. Fat chicks who try to make money on /r/findom. And the list goes on.
You don't get it. Read again.
Dude Netflix sucks

- most shows are b or c level stuff that would have been on TNT or USA or SciFi at 3pm on a weekday (if it was 2004)
- everything else is so concerned with being woke (having at least one gay, an Asian and darker skinned character) that they forget to actually write an interesting show... it’s like the entire show is made to convince me that either everyone is gay, white men are oppressive, or that women are the most powerful beings in earth

Add that to the content release slowing down because of covid, and yeah it’s sucks

The Thing is it’s so cheap I’m not sure they’ll lose that many subs... sure unemployed people will cut it but most people don’t think about it
What an idiot.. let’s end on a high note, doesn’t post positions. Wtf?? 😂
[deleted]
My $6 Leaps I bought when they were OTM 🤤
Short ratio is the estimated number of days it would take for all the shorts to cover based on the average amount of shares available for purchase each trading day.
What are you expecting on Monday
If I buy at 26.5k right now I know it’ll crash back to 22k but I’m a retarted bull.
China really needs to save their face to prevent getting majorly delisted. Yes, perhaps they will shoot some small cap names to show they are serious about supervision and monitoring, but no way they will publicly show fraud in BABA. They are letting Jack Ma speak against the government to show they are more democratic now. None of this is real. This is all a dog and pony show brother.
real rich people wear bespoke shit 

the wannabes wear name brand shit
[deleted]
Cathie woods has this in all three of her ARK funds. Check it out online.
You are giving us one technical indicator saying its going down? Just one? Why even bother posting such weak stuff. I feel GME is overvalued too but your DD is as vague as the posts pumping it.
I can see there’s a doctor in this sub
Second
I mean I eat ass so...
A male who’s convinced their artistic and isnt
You make out with girls after they suck dick or eat them out right after they fuck? 
I mean you say youre a cuck but i didnt think you were serious
[deleted]
I'm talking successful in terms of an investment.

Obviously CRISPR is promising tech, no one doubts that. But one patient with 15 mo of follow up is no proof of a cure or long lasting protection worth the cost of bringing to market. The total in the experiment is n = 5, still not significant, and those patients need to be followed too. And even after them there's still a long while to go before FDA approval and bringing the cure to market.
UBER PLTR SNAP are also not/barely profitable. AMZN was not profitable for years. DASh is spending lots of money as a growth company should do. With autonomous vehicles & drones DASH is well positioned for the next gen of food/grocery delivery service.
Not sure what kinda girls you've been with but most girls tend to wash at least once a day, especially after a sweaty fuck session...
You’re an idiot lol
Just because people are making money during a bull run doesn’t mean they don’t know that it’s happening lol

There’s a reason why a craps table gets busy after a hot roller starts warming up. Just comes down to who can leave the table at the right time. 

Is that you?
Huge potential. This will take time, don't play for just a 'squeeze'. The fundamentals are there.
I just compliment it even if I don’t mean it to try and get something out of it. Like smelling her ass
Im bored can someone give me something to do?
No, I’m actually mostly here for ideas, otherwise I typically do theta gang plays, selling options, or just buy/hold shares that tend to moon like SPACs and other hyped up speculative shit. 

Maybe I won’t hit the lotto, but I’ll outperform 95% of people that purely buy options, and buy a wide fucking margin.
Do you need crayons to chew on too, retard?
INFINITE LEVERAGE
Fun fact.  A girl stays inside you for about 3 months after you kiss her.. thought you might like to know.
[removed]
Has anyone met an actual wealthy person who wears Gucci and all the other designer stuff? Only poors are flaunting that around me.
Oh yeah. Radiant response
oh.. nvm then

enjoy your present
Can’t have lost money on something that’s at ATHs 🧠
same with my MARA calls
Positions or ban
[deleted]
Positions or ban
Only because you've been programmed to think one is worse than the others.  Otherwise, are you offended that the rapper used this word in the meme vid?
Wallstreetbets vs the us govt. we gonna fund an army with our margin
YOLO it
You wipe your ass with your hand? I use toilet paper
Oh fuk, why did you listen? Its literally banned on here
[removed]
Mods. Ban if wrong
Yes.
Yes but for most it’s going through one ear and out the other.
[removed]
She is 14 lol
Yay 😁
Is there anything worse than a female who is convinced they’re artistic but isn’t 

Looking at their instagrams is painful
just show a (dik)pick
If it drops to 1k I’ll be selling some organs and maxing out loans from the bank for it
With that logic, every time you eat with your hands youre eating shit
[removed]
Perfect. However I’m very skeptical now that I’ve seen someone post about Amazon here. Makes me think someone else knows better and it ain’t poppin up
I think GME, BLNK, NEO
Dosent look good though, what makes you think this?
Yea bag that you will be holding
[deleted]
Cool?
Bruh i aint reading all that just post positions and move on
Oh, 100%.
Smooth af voice, definitely didnt expect him to sound like a normal human being, with a normal family. 

All Hail
Well, the Georgia senate elections, but who knows how and when the market will react to it. That's why there's a lot of interest, most likely hedges in case something happens.
No man, lot of people are caught In their emotions and it’s clear
You should use a ROTH then, if you don’t make over $140,000 of modified adjusted gross income (MAGI) for single filers and $208,000 for joint filers.  Your contributions are made with money you’ve already paid taxes on.  Any earnings in a ROTH are tax free, forever. As in you never pay taxes on those earnings.  

Granted you can only contribute $6,000/year without some fancy-pants accounting, but if you aren’t older than fuck $6k contribution a year with compounding returns can be very significant.  

10 years of 6k contributions with 25% annual returns is $305,000, so that’s $245,000 of earnings you will never pay taxes on, that you would’ve paid taxes on in a non deferred account.  20 years its about 3 million, and $2.8 million of earnings you will never pay taxes on; rather than paying taxes on all of it in a non-deferred account. 

If what I’ve described seems to be “the dumbest thing possible” you certainly belong here.
[deleted]
People are [talking](https://www.reddit.com/r/unpopularopinion/comments/kkmfxl/netflix_isnt_as_good_as_it_used_to_be/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf) about limited content on Netflix, 300 puts anyone?
This is the way.
[deleted]
> But don’t want to conflict myself out of any trades

Assuming you're talking about relationships.  If Melvin isn't a client and you're not getting insider information in no way shape or form are you conflicted merely by sharing sweaty balls type info
This is rich
If you’re this smart why wouldn’t you have puts at the ready? Why buy the dip when you can make a million from guessing when it happens?
IQQH, global clean energy, has doubled this year, and gone up 20% this month alone. And it's green, so good for your conscience!
pics of sis?
[deleted]
[removed]
hi fellow retards been stalking for ages dont have a clue whether to go into STIC. from what ive read & own research looks promising but ppl talking abt some JACKALOT guy pump & dumping? matches his username anyway.

is it worth going in? or am i being retarded considering it
[removed]
unusual whales flagged PDD two weeks ago i knew this was coming
All the fiends were talking about it earlier since that’s the only thing you can ‘Trade’ 24/7. They started triggering me so I went in
Newbie retard here.. Might as well jump on this hype train.. Realistically what potential has GME to hit 100+? Don't want to be too greedy, but at the same time sell before I miss the prime opportunity to sell.
bro its over 20 years

avg dumping in 50k a year (+401k contribution)  can't contribute to  rothira since income too hi

&#x200B;

top stocks are boomer like

DIS

V

AAPL

MCD

shop

sq

dkng

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

my advicne to you is to learn the market, nothing is fast and easy, keep contribting and work up the corporate ladder so you can conitrbute more and retire early
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/jakeaptv1998 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
You know. Ever since I watched “the boys” super hero movies just seem so much more brutal for civilians
Agreed. Not using up to date information is just wrong on so many levels
Pretty sure anyone with a brain sees how crazy this is.. they talk about it on CNBC every morning lol
Cathie Wood is Queen 👸
13 years here. once everyone is used to the new you, and they accept it, its awesome. beginning was tough though
[removed]
I get excited when stonks go up.
Every time you kiss a girl or eat her pussy, you’re tasting another guys dick. 

We’re all gay.
That's you, most adults have no problem with fuck, shit cunt, etc. The n-word is offensive on a whole different level.
[deleted]
well you need to start your own church. So us autists will pay you 10%.
[removed]
not everyone wants 5 min to 7 dollars like you...
I'm not certain. I have a $190 stop loss. At which point, these calls will be half of what i bought them at and I will stop myself out.
You and your dad should touch d to b and trade at same time
[removed]
Had some but dumped after the sec news
homo: horrified of missing out. Fomo nothing
the thought of my RIOT calls on monday is making me so hard
Seems about the average age here, post checks out
There’s a pretty huge difference. The US government is run by corporations. The Chinese corporations are run by the government. It’s a very bad sign to be investigated
Alright kids, say it with me:

"IV Crush!"
I wish I got into this a year ago. Now I will never be rich
Doesn't mean it can't go down before up. Look at what happened before elections and after.
That'll do pig, that'll do
Same guys who think they’re tasting another dudes dick when they kiss a girl
That chart doesn’t have anything to do with the Fed. That has to do with every day Americans get their ass up out of bed and go work as wage slaves to make shareholders rich. We are rich in resources and our citizens work long hours with few benefits compared to other developed nations to develop those resources in the most efficient (to shareholders) way possible. That’s why our bull markets are long and our recessions are short. With that said, your sentiment is still correct which is when rates are 0% and the Fed is printing digitally, you should definitely not fight the Fed.
[deleted]
Wednesday and Thursday were perfect buying days. Red and ended flat.
Sell
[deleted]
you should learn how to jerk your dik so you will feel better.

Than YOLO all your money on options.

Then come here and post your loss porn.

Then jerk to that.

Etc etc

Rinse and repeat.

Literally
GOEV bro it even looks like an apple product already. Just drop the bags man
[removed]
you should learn how to jerk your dik so you will feel better.

Than YOLO all your money on options.

Then come here and post your loss porn.

Then jerk to that.

Etc etc

Rinse and repeat.

Literally
Gotcha. I should have listen to advice I got back in early Nov to get into VALE, now I don’t know how farther it can go, with iron ore and steel prices recent parabolic moves.
[deleted]
You are fucking lazy...why waste time posting when you could do your own dd....
Me too! Look into tax loss harvesting before year end if you have any investments that are upside down. Also look into the rules on wash sales (basically you can’t just harvest losses and then repurchase the same security after year end.) finally, I think the current stimulus package allows charitable contributions to offset 100% of your income.
I don’t think everyone is truly aware how crazy this bull market is right now. This is not normal markets were in history in the making. Right now it’s all this glee and happiness and euphoria.
Sir this is an options casino!! No one here buys bishcoin! You have the wrong sub!!
Lol tulip mania...it’s a ponzi scheme....Never last...not scalable...ill buy after the crash....as soon as it dips....this is market manipulation...Brah which brand new KIA is yours?
Uhhh absolutely did not last time
Another UVXY lad about to be obliterated by another irrational bull run
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/djstatle the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
She wasn't a mouth-virgin, can guarantee you that
yes
[removed]
My baby sister bought me Grinch slippers
If your portfolio doesn’t include Black Lotus and the Mox stones what are you even doing?
[removed]
How can you be so certain
Yeah how do you day trade fagcoin beyond randomly buying and selling it lol
LONG TERM
Ali baba intelligence.
He's talented, thats true. But always had extremely strong teams he played on .
I unfortunately don’t know the exact time they release the report. I know it’s not post market and I believe it’s premarket or early in the morning during market hours.
Yeah, Square sounds great, hope I get some nice Leaps beginning of next year
Congrats, nice job. Wish I started investing at 18.

Now diversify your damn portfolio before you lose it all.
Fuck off
Looks more like his face smashed into Ibaka's elbow.
#ME AS A MORMON:

pros: married a 19 year old when I was 24

Cons: forced to pay 10 percent to a church with a 200 billion dollar stock portfolio 💼
exactly, I feel like there is huge potential for run down cities!
Your g*y ass probably owns virgin galactic shares.
i will never touch coins again after i got robbed

fuck coins
Really solid advice
For sure on a scale of 1 - Roblox
Still think there's a bit further to drop too.
West coast, only right answer. Find a cheap(er) $2-300k condo in LA, OC, San Diego to get your foot in the door. Once you get $100k of equity roll that into a $6-800k house, sit back and relax as you watch that go up to $1.5-2M over the next 10 years.
i'm seeking ur mom's snatch
[removed]
Can you have a succession if the government is shut down?
The volume died heavily... Monday morning there’s gonna be more but whatever legs are on BABAs drop are going to be gone and it’s slow recovery for the rest of the week barring any news..
They've had 5,000 people working on this car for almost a decade. They don't need some vaporware from a fake company
If you gotta ask youre not in the know. Shut up and buy my CCs
Lmao,

Yeah load up on that NKLA.
Sir that’s just a terrible idea I said a couple hundred dollars. Unless you mean 50k shares in which case 👍🏽👍🏽
Welp, you Dick lickers convinced me to start playing with bytecoins. This is the top
She begs me for anal, sucks and swallows, loves riding reverse cowgirl... all raw lol. it’s pretty great
spy 352 monday
I miss him more than I miss my dad
I thought you dudes can’t be in a casino?
No options :(
This would be the craziest fucking shit ever lmao.
It varies between 3, 6, and 9 AM eastern if you look at the past years they’ve done it. Just google amazon press releases and you can filter to the previous years.
2 rings.
Detroit is on the come up and the City has a really positive vibe/outlook, but China owns all of downtown and even the courthouses and abandoned corporate buildings. They are also buying up residential within a 3-5 mile radius of downtown. 

Move to Texas. We welcome anybody not from Cali or NYC. 

#🎅🏿
WILL DOUBLE $50K IN THE NEXT 2-4 WEEKS.  

-If you’re looking for a good idea read. 
-Or if you don’t think I will go bust tell my why! 

FACTS: 

1. Stimulus Package; market already priced it in and Trump is taking another Dump on it. If he doesn’t sign it by midnight tonight FUCK!!!

2. GA Senate Run-Off Elections; only a few weeks away and since the Nov elections the market pumped hard with the expectation of a divided Gov’t (Republican’s taking the senate).  May still happen but odds aren’t looking as strong as they did a month ago. 

3. Peaceful Transition of Power; we can all agree Donnie is unhinged. He only plays golf and tweets how the election was rigged and doesn’t seem he will ever concede.  

4. COVID; all the vaccine news is priced in however infections and fatalities just keep trending upwards.  

5. Regardless if you are a BULL or BEAR think we can all agree the market is fk’ing expensive.  Specially the Russell 2K & NASDAQ. 

- Russell 2000; last week rose above 2000 for the first time ever and is up over 35% just in the last 3 months.  

-NASDAQ; only 200 points from 13K which I think will touch next week. However once it does it will retract as it has done so every time it reaches a new 1K milestone. 10K, 11K, 12K etc. 

No I’m not a fucking bear but do think too much good news has been priced and the market is looking for any excuse to pull back.  

Solution: VOLATILITY my weapon of choice UVXY however you can pick your fav. 

UVXY PRICE FUN FACTS: 
1. $10.77 Wednesday closing price. 
1A. $10.58 (12/08) 52 WEEK LOW MKT CLOSE.
1B. $10.26 (12/09) 52 WEEK LOW INTRA DAY. 

2. $13.30 (12/21) last week high, this past Monday when the futures took a dump due to the new covid strain.  BTW that was a 21% PUMP which the market later on ignored.  

3. $21.60 (10/30) just to days prior to the presidential election.  
3A. UVXY has lost over 50% of it’s value since the last election.  

4. OPTION IV & PUMP: 
4A. Feb 19th $10 CALLS over 150% current price $270 
4B. Same CALL (12/21 from 10am to 10:45am) $890.  Held 10 calls sold 5. 

Wednesday just before market closed laid over $50K across a number of strike prices and expirations.   

Nothing is a guarantee however I would much rather bet on this vs any of the exhausted stonks.   I don’t doubt GME, QS, TESLA, PLUG etc etc will continue to pump however on the short term the probability is they need to retract before they keep pumping.   BTW; for me to double the 50K I only need the UVXY to go up to $13.27 (ASK YOURSELF DO YOU THINK WE COULD SEE SOME VOLATILITY IN THE NEXT 2-4 WEEKS?  And even if we don’t and we get even better news volatility can only lose 2-3% before we reach a new 52 week low.  

Don’t agree, call me out as to why!!! If you do hope it’s helpful.
Ok boomer
nah nah can't have chinese papa. Elon it is. Forever.
u/PLTRQ is an [anal page viewer](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kjr5hm/happy_holidays_wsb_thanks_for_making_2020_great/?ref=share&ref_source=link).
The closest you can get to what you are wanting, which is a value prop in real estate, is Boise, ID. Amazing place, had cheap real estate a few years ago but has been mooning.
B t c bitches 🚀
🅱️ang 🅱️us
PUMP IT! Lets grab this easy bread
[deleted]
[deleted]
[removed]
[deleted]
Maybe back in 2018
nah nah can't have chinese mama. Cathie it is.
Peak autism.
why u think it'll be red?
bitchcoin mooning
>"No evidence of success" 

You're literally making shit up, stop talking.

Here's a quote from a recently published study.

"All patients demonstrated increases in total Hb and HbF over time (Figure). Patients with TDT ceased receiving pRBC transfusions soon after CTX001 infusion, with the last pRBC transfusion occurring between 0.9 and 1.9 months after CTX001 infusion. The first patient with TDT who received CTX001 has remained transfusion-free for over 15 months"

https://ash.confex.com/ash/2020/webprogram/Paper139575.html
Extended weekend always leads to a super Green Day.
Don't fight the Fed:

[https://www.cascadefs.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/01/Bull-and-Bear-Markets-9-28-18.pdf](https://www.cascadefs.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/01/Bull-and-Bear-Markets-9-28-18.pdf)
[removed]
You say GME, I say yay ⬆️
What’s the expected date for Elon’s delivery number email to employees? First week of January?
[removed]
[deleted]
Yeah I was thinking of just staying here and buying a place near the University of Kansas and just renting it out.
If dems take Georgia, people are afraid they could break up huge tech companies... also, we got a huge boost in the market when it looked like it was going to be dems with a GOP senate... we could see the opposite of Dems have house and senate.
Not a fan of Kawhi after that collapse last seaon. GUy has no heart.
212 sucks. Get INTERACTIVE BROKERS UK, they have US options. FIRSTRADE ALSO.
Ok. Gonna take your word for it and purchase 5 $30 otm Jan 2022 leap calls.  I hope your not fxcking with us.
Yup it works sometimes because people trade it. If you manage risk the right way, and stick to one or two patterns only and study the fuck out of them, a system can be built. Of course the unexpected news will break TA so you NEED to account for that and hedge or protect
She broke one of the sacred commandments: "Never get high off your own supply".

BAN!
Will PLTR contracts go up any soon? 😅 I’m shitting my pants by dec 31
See ya’ll on the front page
My only other play is SQ. You’re also dipping in fintech/banking/now music(?) when you’re in Square
I know, weekends should be active for trading too
I'm in leaps on BABA and if it opened below 210 I'd buy another one.
[deleted]
[deleted]
[removed]
blood red on monday or like a pinkish red?
You can’t tell them. They will ban you. They ban anyone who talks negative about the company.
Hahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
What's the different between retarded and autistic? 

Isn't all just different words for the identical thing, mongoloid, CP, imbecil, tourettes, Chinese, etc
[removed]
Riot did an offering a few weeks ago on a Friday. It dropped a bit in after hours and by Monday was ripping. Fundamentals don’t mean shit right now
Pretty much this. There are so many more ways to make money now than to buy FD calls. I don't give a shit about cultural norms on the sub, but I will do whatever has the best risk/reward ratio.
IMO it’s worth putting a couple hundred in. I lose that most days anyways so
Lol stonks only go up
It all depends on what you’re trying to use it for. Technical indicators like RSI are extremely beneficial to determine near-term price action. Knowing resistance/support levels, EMAs, can all help knowing where to look for a bounce/drop or where it will continue higher. 

As far as predicting where something will be in a month or longer, there are various patterns that are predictive of price action based on past performance (ie 80% of the time this structure that’s formed leads to a big breakout), so you can be prepared for a big move.

In short, TA doesn’t tell you exactly what’s going to happen, but it can give you a high probability shot at determining direction/magnitude when certain situations present themselves.
You can learn lessons in a bull market retard🤡 The ones that don't end up in debt and posting loss porn claiming to be proud of their retardation. The easiest lessons to learn quick is why you should learn to read the Greeks so you're not fucking yourself with bad trades
I’m an introvert and everyone in my family knows this so they understand. I dont do it to be an asshole but I do say no often
How long you fixing to hold that bag?
Okay let me walk you through although I can't go back in time to stop you from buying your puts last week. When you make these posts write a disclaimer saying that you bought xxx puts and expiry date thanks.

1. Closing stores - gamestop had expanded their business that does different things so had stores sometimes  within few blocks from each other. It makes no sense for transforming these businesses into the same retail store that sells consoles and video games as they'll compete with each other so you close them down. This was a mistake that they're fixing right now. The customers will go to the remaining store and that store becomes more profitable. The stores are busier than ever. There were long lines to their stores and multiple posts were showing it, even their NZ and AU stores were busy from posts that other users submitted. With the delisting of cyberpunk it's also the only place to get that game for playstation users.
2. Certain items that they're overloaded on. Happens with almost every retail. With gamestop it's a cyclical business.
3. No fundamentals or bright future. First of all, when you say a claim such as 'no fundamentals' you have to say a reason rather than repeat no fundamentals multiple times because they do have strong fundamentals. They have 600 million cash on hand, their digital revenue grew something like 280%, estimates that they're in slate for around $2 EPS for Q4 2020 and this will grow fast and they're still one of the largest retail for everything video game related in the country. For their bright future, in their earnings call they said multiple times that their main focus is digital and doing a transformation of their core business. Also in the recent ICR conference in January where they give holiday sales guidance and give explanations on their omnichannel strategy they've changed their category from retail to technology. They're cutting down stores that aren't profitable means that revenue will decrease. However it will increase total profit as existing stores will have these customers come in and become more profitable with less operating cost.
4. I agree that there is fomoing because of short squeeze. However, not all investors are investing because of short squeeze but because there is hope for the company and they are liekly to make a profit in Q4 2020. There is also support because of Ryan Cohen buying at $16 so it will unlikely never drop below that. There is also strong support at $20 which got tested on Christmas Eve. Short squeeze may or may not happen but this stock will go up based on reasons listed above and also Ryan Cohen founder of Chewy staying in as an activist investor giving much needed advice to transform gamestop into digital. Also, he's all about customer service if you've bought something from Chewy so the poor customer service you listed will likely get fixed in the long run.

Edit: Also have to mention there were a few users on the wsb discord that bought puts.
In other words, don’t do it...stay long
Not available on tastyworks, but thank you :)
bills that passed with over 67% supermajority from both chambers should not be vetoable because it already meets the override threshold is what i am trying to say. you dont have to agree with me.
Calls. You can feel the love that went into the making of that show.
I greatly look forward to your post complaining how the stock you just sold a call on has exploded in value and its making someone else a great deal of money.
I'm riding the same, along with $40c 1/15/21 like a god damn idiot 🤦‍♂️
What were the furthest 2021 OTM SPY calls available on March 23rd?

I remember people ‘joking’ about buying November SPY 300c for next to nothing.
How do I reach these keeds
All the places that have cheap real estate are shitty and will remain shitty. People will continue to take the first chance out of those places, just like you’re doing right now with Kansas, which has cheap real estate. Everyone is moving from rural to urban and the places that are hot will be where everyone coalesces. You’d do better buying a cheap place where there is expensive real estate and holding. Some people will probably reply and try to claim that Texas bucks that trend. Texas does not have cheap real estate. It only appears cheap, but you have to rent to own it because Texas has some of the highest property taxes in the nation. And within Texas nobody is living in Bumfuck, TX. They are all congregating around Austin, which has CA prices, and Dallas.
It’s been up 17000% at one point from where it was about a year earlier lol
[deleted]
[deleted]
Do I go for my 4th blowup of the year? Hmm....
What is your selling threshold?
MARA did a few weeks ago
You wanna teach Detroit kids math? Bless your soul.
BTSC penny stock fake company, but a chart is a chart
[removed]
Really want it to just open at 245. If it does I’m selling some near dated calls against my calls and buying them back for a profit after the traditional SQ morning dump
Because you gotta be consistent, if you ain’t then you ain’t.
Looks like just Friday is closed, I don't see anything about NYE
Literally any small independent city that’s within 1 and 2 hours from a major city. Too far to be a suburb, but close enough to major airport/city.
What is the news ?
You buy any of them 100k strike calls for Sept 😂
Soyb calls will print in this soybean bull market
25k on the 25th, 26k on the 26th so obviously 30k will be hit on the 30th. This means on the 1st on Jan, it drops to 1k according to this 2 day pattern.
Calls are super expensive now
No one, probably the point
Really I actually liked him. He was smug af, but he knew his worth.
It is in just plain Fidelity. It has all my accounts listed (BrokerageLink, ny kids Education accounts, and my HSA). Only the HSA shows up in the eligible accounts list to apply for Options Trading.
papa musk said buy it so i guess it can't go tits up..

what are the odds though?
[removed]
u are fuk. BABA could be a fraud like LUCKIN (fukin) coffee.

&#x200B;

Tax, accounting, is all shady.

Could be delisted from Nasdaq.

No more ADR.

Seriously shady shit

Chinese stocks, stay away.

Unless you want the 'rona in your portfolio.
We gonna pump it or what
SPCX looks interesting too. All pre merger SPACs right now.
Just.. what was the logic on the 4500, do you hate money? Or do you realistically believe the chances of amazon going up almost 50% after one solitary Christmas as we exit a pandemic, is greater than 0.00000000%?

I assume you're not insane and are looking for a swing play on the 4500 but man, idk what would your expected return even be, if any?
[deleted]
Didn’t know robots could bleed
Stick to r/debt buddy. I’m older than most people here. 👴
I gave up being a bear in June, but if BABA could open below 210 that'd be fantastic.
Tesla store at my hometown Mall is Barren...Because they sold everything including the showroom cars.

&#x200B;

Bullish
Proof: Trust me bro.
Who wants a virgin? Sounds boring AF
300 shares since TRNE @ $11.. let’s go! 🚀
I bought some SQ weekly FDs thinking this might happen. I hope I’m a rich man on Monday but they’ll probably expire worthless
Are you retarded? Historical Jesus has all but been confirmed

The Bible Jesus is kinda shit though
Oh yeah man this a juicy play lot happening for them the next year too.
>Nancy has a huge cock in her ass

But have you seen those knockers tho
Gammagoblins 👀
[removed]
Any key dates to keep an eye out for
Put your cap gains into opportunity zones, tax deferred.
Doesn’t matter. Hit her with the Uno reverse card and trap her in the life of a single mom
Only retards sell early🚀🚀🚀
Just read the report. Cool stuff. Online sales/home improvements grew pretty high, no wonder etsy-wayfair-hd are up good. 

December behavior was different from last years, lets see how much of it came amzn way.
Easy
Anyone else see Kawhi get his face smashed in last night? Brutal af
[deleted]
#FUCK YOUR PUTS. CHAD BULLS TAKING YOUR MONEY AND FUCKING YOUR WOMEN AND MOTHERS
Hey bro can you pick up the soap you dropped?
[removed]
It influences my decisions but it’s not the reason for my decisions
“Trading”
I've done the same thing with 8 different space. I feel this is a conservative way to go in a high risk arena
The risks are that you lose money. If day trading options, the risk is that you lose lots of money
My boss keeps telling me to pick that game up. And you just made it sound even more appealing.
No doubt.  Im well aware.  Its 39 shares Im willing to lose :)  Im just waiting for a decent pull back but I have now really understood the statement " Don't fight the fed"
You must be new here. 

We already have one. Her name is Lisa Su
It would literally have to go up 10,000%
[removed]
It was pretty bad. Halfheartedly tried to be an homage to cheesy 80s films. Had the beautiful CGI and fight choreography of a CW show. Felt both way, way too long and missing key plot points at the same time.
Got a head and shoulders forming on my account. Down 6k in the last couple weeks. Now the govt gonna continue fucking the market. What do you know
MSTR is the way unfortunately I didn’t hold
Nancy has a huge cock in her ass
Trading bitchcoin since the casino is closed and god damn, shit it mooning haha
or is it a trap?
Bullish falling wedges. You should go uppies here in a bit.
[deleted]
Enjoy your 10 years of write offs.
Man I hope so, I’m shitting bricks
Who on earth cares if you partner fucked before you?
Yeah, I’m cool with that - I’m thinking of selling the VALE shares and converting them to some steel leeps, be it VALE itself or MT.
SPY put @ 180

Can't go wrong
I do think there are some company specific rules, but just in case - when you apply for options, are you inside your 401k, or are you inside your BrokerageLink account? I know they’re linked, but they still function differently.
Crowdstrike CRWD,
Don't worry guys, it was within his personal risk tolerance.
I wouldn’t be surprised if it hit by New Years
I heard the combat and vibe were also top notch but to each their own I suppose
Hopefully this gives SQ a bump
She 18? Then smash that pussy. Or mouth. Or booty hole 🕳 😜
go to smallwsb,u autist
I live in Kansas and am working towards a getting math degree. I want to leave the state when I graduate. Where would you recommend? I want cheap real estate with the potential to appreciate. I like Detroit, but will it ever go back to being as great as it once was.
It’s Saturday lol
Traitorrr
💎🙌
[deleted]
Yeah thats not that much but i should have switched it up
Talks are going well. Only thing that matters
shit could go down.
How old are you? Seven?
Lowkey might print tho
[removed]
Big cringe lol
I thank you retards for funding the market
anime tiddies that is all
Your last sentence is exactly where I am. I work in the genetic engineering field and I still think the best companies are not public yet so I’m hesitant to invest in any current companies. Mammoth Biosciences and Sherlock Biosciences just had explosive years and they may be the future of point of care, but we’ll see. Pairwise is the one that gets me excited most and I expect both the company and concept of editing crops to explode. Also, Beam Therapeutics has pretty much the entire base editing IP covered.
It's real it's just not 100%. External factors matter too, not just charts.
What ever happened to positions or ban?
Sent you a chat.
[removed]
I assume the idea is like soy where the bugs are processed into some sort of moldable substance that can be spiced/flavored, named something else, and put into things to replace meat.
Just try that digital orange thing. It’s 24/7
Looks like average has been between 20-40% a year. Right now i only am running it on spce and its 17% so far and i started it in Oct
[removed]
>***But simple DD will show you*** that it's time to prepare for GME to fall. 

Lol you say this and yet provide no DD to back up your claim.
The next level of support is 195. I would not hold this turd ferguson.
By giving it away. Charitable deduction.
Or you can start a home business. Rent, utilities, office expenses. All tax deductible. Moved this year? Tax deductible. Work related expenses not reimbursed? Tax deductible.

Learn the tax code and all of its deductions. Lots of $$$ to save.
Smash
[removed]
[deleted]
That’s just a macro dose my dude
Robinhood, Webull, and TD in order of frequency not preference.  

But frfr bro asking questions is great but maybe learn the basics first so ya know what questions to ask?  Best of luck my dude.
proof? no rockets no proof
I remember some neckbeard in my highschool was absolutely obsessed with that stupid shit and on Halloween one year he dressed up as one of the characters and almost got arrested for bringing a fake gun to school. I think he even had a cigarette in his mouth hahahaha
Charts will move to the right
If the dogecoin hits $1 I will be a very rich man
Enjoy your downvotes
Is there a time for the announcement?
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/Pleasant_Eggplant the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
[removed]
Didn’t read any of this but will be buying in ASAP
I sold APHA the morning before the merger, so I expect it to do nothing but moon. You’re welcome.
Noob explain why that’s a big deal
There’s only a few weeks left anyway
Dollar tree!
Is she 18 and hot?
[deleted]
Hope they do a reboot of stargate soon
[deleted]
Meh. You gotta read your audience. Reddit is filled with kind folks. Even the folks on wsb are likely kind on other subs. 

But wsb is literally a sub talking about placing degenerate bets and treating the stock market like a casino. Calling out retardation is part of the game. 

You want gentle hand holding, go on r/toastme
⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️
Alright that’s enough weekend for me. Ready to make my coffee tomorrow AM, open ToS, sit at my desk, send out a couple work emails prior to market open before all productivity halts.

But no. It’s Saturday.
[deleted]
MSTR, SQ
I get why the Grinch hated christmas. He just wanted to trade
maybe puts on zoom
where you get it from?
It looks like shutdown is on the table. If so, weeklies are dead.
Haha nah man. Moved to from FL  to CO a few months back.
[removed]
It’s alright. Not as good as the first. Pedro Pascal is having the time of his life in it tho which is fun to see.

Soul on Disney+ is a better film.
It just goes back to vote after the veto, what’s the problem? It’s not like the president gets the final say.
Gay
Steins:gate is amazing too
30k tomorrow is very possible
Silvergate Capital
Ur about 15 years to late. This post died days ago. Also read the rules of the sub. I'm not the one in danger of a ban bud.
My ex’s little sister just added me on snap, wtf?
Senate election hedges.
Should I also give my assets new names, control their sleep schedules, and fill their days with menial labor?
Want to know the risks, I used to only do stocks earlier...is day trade on spy worth it or is it more like a hold and forget
UVXY is a terrible instrument to hold long term. All things being equal, it's made to decay over time.
Being Mormon sucks but at least I married a virgin
I am Theta Gang 

I am selling retards the positions 

👑🐌👑
ITS YOU AGAIN!!!
Almost every TA pattern, indicator, or lines try to do one thing, tell you where to buy and sell, also called support and resistance. Problem is big money can see what most retail traders are seeing, those supports/resistance which they actually create, and can use it to trap retail. They let it work enough times to keep retail traders using them. 

Ever had trades where price went against you, stopped you out or forced you to sell only to reverse shortly after? That's not by chance, it's by design.
MARA and RIOT do a lot of offerings no? Seems risky to hold
Tips Fedora
[deleted]
Is next week a short week too?
yea, beatcoin
[removed]
I may be Mormon but I’m a jack mormon
Just got promoted to regional manager at goodwill I see
[deleted]
They sell chicken wings
Between that and probable civil unrest on Jan 6th and beyond I'm thinking of off loading some calls and getting some OTM puts through Jan until things start to somewhat stabilize... but long term hyper inflation will make the market go to infinity
[removed]
Zuck is a Goa’uld
You're right bud I'm just sick of the sub embracing the retarded more than the autistic recently. Nobody will care about my comment anyway and go back to talking about no future stocks like GME
[deleted]
I remember that tencent is not tcehy. Tcehy is part of tencent. That's what I remember from two years ago. Do your own research
You got this bro 🚀
Oh shit.... 

Futures tomorrow, they are

#GOING TO BE 

#GRINCH COCK GREEN! 🎅🎅
I see comments talking about how 🏳️‍🌈 anime is. Obvs you never seen Cowboy Bebop and it shows.
[deleted]
Tits and Ass are real wtf are you going on about?
[removed]
1/15 4500C 😂 you sir belong here
[removed]
📈
Open interest on spy puts is really high for Jan 15 thoughts about that?
Trump still in office. It doesn't matter what your tax form says... just that you send it in.
Fidelity has every warrant to ever exist. I’ve never once questioned it.
Is it truly an open world game? Also how big is the map?
Is there any other bitchcoin play besides MARA and RIOT?
Why don’t you fuck off and do your own DD you lazy cunt. Im trying to lose my life savings over here and posts like this aren’t helping.
I am concerned Trump is going to totally sink this bill. Would be full sabotage for our calls, as it’s beyond priced in.
And where'd you learn this?
It was bad.
Meh, it's a political circus and nothing more. I haven't got anything invested, just assessing the situation
Idiot
Well of course, who doesn’t love a good shitpost.  But your DD is on another level entirely.  Extremely helpful to understand what’s going on.  Let’s hope for the best going forward 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀. All looks good so far.
I mean yeah, but that’s psychotic.
No shit bro.
I enjoyed it.  Long but not bad if you enjoy the dcu.
Lol this lady on Bloomberg tv slurring like teZzzzzzla
Bitchcoin go BRRRRRR
Doodle Dip
You just day trade it...what sites could you be looking for?
If you're going 22 then go with Jan vs. Jun unless you're getting a much better vega or you have modeled it and find it to be undervalued.
Can someone who is smart tell me what next weeks looking like.
Calls. It’s the savior of the franchise
Congrats RIOT and MARA holders, if this level holds, gonna have some insane gains monday
I believe they make stuff
You do you man but we could see another pullback.  Stock ran up 10% per day twice last week. I'm thinking we may need to wait until earnings to see another run-up?
https://www.tiktok.com/@samteel1234?lang=es

Bruh. How can you wake up and be okay with making yourself look like such a fucking jackass on a daily basis. This man will go hard on $ROPE when the crash comes, assuming he’s actually in the market.
While you're right the recent up move has left us looking stretched... I would counter with how stretched has the short position become now that they're holding \~$1.4B short? Any dip will be bought. There's a nice floor in the mid-teens now. Sell CSPs if you want to play a neutral/slight retracement move as the bollinger bands, etc., catch up.
Is TA confirmation bias or do you guys believe in it on the real real
Snapchat
I feel like not enough juice. But I like the trade though.
okay psychopath
 Buy beer close. Sell near open. Pray.
This is great advice! The only downside is literally having a terrible life
Are you retarded
[removed]
[removed]
[deleted]
The boomers are the ones riding the bubble, their retirements are on the line

It's the reason the Fed flipped the fuck out earlier this year, but are now erring over a stimmy - the market is doing fine, and the Senate doesn't give a fuck about the regular person
What kind of job/income do you have that allowed you to contribute the amount you did?
I bought the calls when the stock was at $219 after the investigation announcement. Do you actually believe anything will come out of this investigation ? In the US, where we have proper laws and pretend care about things, we dont care about FB, MSFT, etc. But in China, where they actually don't care, they  will do something ?
Haven't played last of us 2 yet, but ghost of tsushima fucking rocks. Absolutely gorgeous, great combat, really fun to play. Plot is good, but the writing is the weakest part. Not bad, but not great. Overall it's really fantastic.
TTS status or sec. 475..
Cyber punk to make the big pp
That isn't what it means.
Really? I heard they were both overwhelmingly good but for different reasons
Lmao talkin bout I’m just waiting for a big dip to buy back in
lmao-I thought you might be when I sent it.  I meant traffic as in on the roads, you're in NYC/NJ right?
[deleted]
Check out Twist Bioscience (TWST). ARKGs 3rd largest holding and sort of a "sell shovels and pickaxes" play for the entire genomic space. They create synthetic DNA for ALL these other genetic companies.
What good are tendies if not for this anyway?
[deleted]
Full-time-statistics-trading.com
That means I have to make 5.2k, shouldn’t be too bad, right
Who gets GS confused with GME
Does anyone day trade SPY, if yes then how? Any sites will be great help
Very smooth brain you got there my friend 🧠
I always get excited when I see DD. But then I realize it’s a different sub
Just don't pay your taxes?
>CRISPR

There's also a good stock for holiday called DOC
[deleted]
Wow why have I now just learned about selling covered calls!? Can’t wait for Monday and a new way to lose money!
This reminded me of a joke. Three mathematicians walk in to a bar and the bartender asks them if they'd all like a beer. The first responds "I don't know", the second also responds "I don't know" while the third then responds "yes".
Remember that one day during lockdowns Elon said he’s going to keep his factory open and they can arrest him? Lmao that was actually kind of cool. Tbh he probably had an army of robots ready decapitate anyone with lasers if they went near him.
Found a company called [https://enterra.com/](https://enterra.com/)

I found a un-noted stock called Enterra Corporation Common Stock.

I cant find any information about the stock.
This is bullshit, why does the market have to pause on holidays
Haha am I doing it right 😎
He’s technically African American right? Dude can get hella grants. My Spanish girlfriend gets paid to go to college. 😂
Ok but why
Gamestop doesn't need to go bankrupt. It just needs to no longer be favorable. It was a penny stock before a ridiculous amount of people got interested but nothing prevents it from becoming that again unless there is a fundamentally game changing structural difference in Gamestop. Things go up and then they go down, it can take days, weeks or years.

As for opportunity cost that's something that we can't decide for any other person; if you have nothing else to do with the money or a strategy that plays with the money using hedges or anything like that then perhaps the Op Cost is covered or even negative and it's extremely advantageous to do. Without a known public understanding of what the entire trade looks like in all legs we just can't know. I mean if anything they might be shorting the stock and holding calls to pay for the short itself which would be fine and brilliant; let the long-side pay for the short much like letting the short-side pay for the long.

I used Tesla as an example on purpose. Tesla is important because it did shake off shorts *but* people had been shorting Tesla for years and there was no deterrence. The fact is that without that jump those II's *were able to hold the positions indefinitely*. That's the scale of the game. These guys were able to lose money consistently for 5~8 years before 2020 hit and they couldn't hold the shares anymore because of demand taking them out of the trades by force. I think in 2014 or 2015 it was like 1 quarter of all shares were loaned or something.

Basically if you're worried about this you need to think on a much grander scale; in a game of trillions billions don't matter. It's the same as you spending about $1 to hold a position for years that could turn over $50 at any given time all while you have several million to do other things with.
[deleted]
Yea so China is going break them up I would write some puts
[deleted]
Good luck my dude, which city are you planning on getting it? I have met artists from all around the country
Lol at thinking you’re making 70k after taxes on 100k
I’m already set up to buy 6 3250c at open unless it gaps up hugely.
Same thing fuck face
Le Reddit moment
I’m a CPA but do nothing with taxes. Go see a specialist
Lmao I honestly think this is half of the portfolios on this sub, plus Tesla
There’s plenty of TA explaining the short positions expiring relatively soon and it actually makes sense Why GME may have a ‘short squeeze’. Your post just sounds like an opinion with no data behind it.
Ah ok
I thought lockup period ends Dec 31st 2020?
26.6K 🔨🐓
🗣LAST WEEK TO MAKE YOUR YEARLY CHARTS GREEN INSTEAD OF RED RETARDS 

START PLANNING RN 

GO BIG OR GO HOME 🚀🚀
I’m so confused by this comment I don’t even know how to take it.
I'd say you might be autistic but I'd be lying.

You're deep on the spectrum brah
I gave you a free wholesome award for this shit. "X, GIVE IT TO ME NOW"
Freakin fed most likely will come out strong again in first week of Jan to make a statement.   

20% of my portoflio is uvxy shares.   Only thing thats gonna save those shares is probably something crazy again that Fed wont have control over.  Maybe Covid 2.0 or something unexpected
yes i do. president doesnt touch the bill and kicks it back out to congress when congress is not in session.
[deleted]
Anything Cathey Wood is in is our answer to Boomer bullshit. Better, faster, more innovative. Fuck boomer cucks. If Elon is our Papa, Jpowpow is our lord and Savior, then Cathey Wood is our mother Mary.
I saw GME and put in an order for 20 more calls at 35 in april, thanks op :)
[deleted]
My $30 calls hope this is true.
I kind of like this answer
Ghost all day long.
No March for another couple months hoss
Sorry you mean SPY?
Yikes.
[deleted]
I took massive solid shit today. Solid DD?
Which options do you think are good for PACB? June 30 call?
Snek
Alright, thanks.  It looks like it might be different artists.. going to be a big step for me.. all my tats are not visible in short sleeve shirts.
**[FuelCell Energy](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FuelCell Energy)**

FuelCell Energy, Inc. is a fuel cell power company. It designs, manufactures, operates and services Direct Fuel Cell power plants (a type of molten carbonate fuel cell) that run on natural gas and biogas. Their power plants are not considered "hydrogen fuel cells" because their feedstock is not pure hydrogen and the byproducts of electric generation include carbon dioxide.

[About Me](https://np.reddit.com/user/wikipedia_text_bot/comments/jrn2mj/about_me/) - [Opt out](https://np.reddit.com/user/wikipedia_text_bot/comments/jrti43/opt_out_here/) - OP can reply !delete to delete - [Article of the day](https://np.reddit.com/comments/k9hx22)

**This bot will soon be transitioning to an opt-in system. Click [here](https://np.reddit.com/user/wikipedia_text_bot/comments/ka4icp/opt_in_for_the_new_system/) to learn more and opt in.**
hate to be that guy but I dont think the Nashville incident will be isolated. Kinda worried about another city on new years..
Boomers in 2023 still waiting for the bubble to pop while SPY hits 500:
👁 👄 👁
Man y’all need to start either not losing money, or managing your risks. You’ll be able to write off 3k a year for the next 3 years (I believe 3 years is the max). Kiss that other 18k goodbye with no benefits.
Spy calls looks like the way, loading up on more cert, and chillin 😎
DONT TELL PEOPLE THE FUCKING SECRET. STOCKS ARE A ZERO SUM GAME. FOR EACH WINNER IS A LOSET AND WSB is the easiest to beat.
It’s a copypasta
As far as I know, all the current "hydrogen" fuel cells used practically in things like forklifts aren't actually using hydrogen. This is actually FCEL'S existing product in market. They use natural gas or biogas, which is then reformed into hydrogen for the hydrogen fuel cell to use. Which is fine and practical, but it means both these things still have carbon emissions, as the carbon is removed during the reforming process in the vehicle. So you're not really doing anything different from a fuel perspective, you're just using a fuel cell to turn hydrocarbons into electrical energy instead of an internal combustion engine to turn hydrocarbons into mechanical energy directly.

Which is why the fossil fuel industry loves "hydrogen" fuel cells btw, because it will let them keep selling natural gas if it takes off. It might be a more efficient engine in some cases, but it's a shit idea for minimising carbon emissions.

Calling these things hydrogen fuel cells is a complete misnomer though, because technically a gasoline engine burns hydrogen too, so it's just as much of a hydrogen engine. 

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/FuelCell_Energy

The recent moon in FCEL is because idiots think with Biden being elected the pure hydrogen emissionless play will actually happen one day. Outside of maybe some very specific applications I have really strong doubts. 

A battery will beat hydrogen in every way.

Edit: I just read about plug power. They are using liquid hydrogen. So yeah they have turned their forklifts into bombs. I suppose they might be ok with the risk given forklifts operate a low speed low range so risk of catastrophic tank failure is low, and I assume the tanks are pretty small. Can't see it ever being a good idea for normal cars though, and even for forklifts it's only a matter of time till batteries are cheaper and more efficient.
So all of it?
2018 is when i got into trading options, 2016/2017 it was just stocks and bag holding. 2018 is when Robinhood made options available for free, thats when it started to explode here.
[removed]
[deleted]
Bugsnax
X gonna give it to ya...

Elon simultaneously makes a trillion dollars and resurrects DMX’s career
BYND, if you're interested. They make the Impossible Burgers that you see in supermarkets
I don't do it often, mostly on the weekends or days I'm sleep deprived. But 10/10 would recommend
How are you all holding up?
[deleted]
[removed]
Gotta be consistent bro. Long time, how is that traffic over there? Building?
If real meat does become scarce because of global warming, lab grown beef will be expensive and profitable but so would bug protein stuff for the poors. If we have learned anything from Simpsons predictions, we will all be sucking on soylent bars made of people and/or bugs in 40 years
thats what you guys are for. so what does it do?
Honest answer, no, all tattoo artist use different shades of each color so if you plan on doing a full sleeve a red from one artist will be different from another, that being said if you wanted to do different artists make sure you stick to one style, my favorite is traditional, shit never goes out of style.
Merger with paysafe
I really want to know where he is at right now
GUH
Rotate this 90 degrees and it looks like most of the portfolios here. Is that the secret?
[removed]
[deleted]
Yup. Been riding TDOC since early 2019 and still holding it.
And there’s how you made you money. I’m not jealous. Good for you!
You know they are being investigated? Right?
I’m expecting continued pump for the next few years tbh
Last of us pt2 or ghost of tsushima
eh, i hear it's full of Texans and that the BBQ isn't even that good.
[removed]
[deleted]
It’s an autistic play but I wouldn’t rule it out
Cause you’re an asshole
You can have more than one app on the screen
Do you think it's going to have a pull back after all the gains?
Cuz yesterday was Christmas genius...
Calls. This is the way.
That’s not very Mormon of you bro
I’m not saying it won’t pump but If you’re looking to hold longterm, gme trading over +2 deviation has a 95% chance of a short term pullback. Will probable pump and dump within 30mins Monday. I’ll buy in when it cools down a little bit.
I just need some more confirmation bias to add more GME calls along with PLTR next week
Aaaand it’s gone. It’s all gone.
I pray to our savior Cohen 👏🚀
Tats are big LVM move
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
Eh I would've put it a bit further out. No telling when Jack Ma will smooth things over. I dont think it will go below 200, but it might flatline for a while because of the uncertainty
[removed]
I only use the iOS versions of any brokerage to maximize how bad I am at trading but I’ll write this tip down thank you
Fuck off
Kangarooish
If NIO hits 50 I can start feeding my children again
My man. Idk why but I genuinely think this isn’t a p&d like the weed sector. This will actually be a disruptive industry to big pharma.
Wasn’t there some illegal offering they’re getting railed for currently?
Just sell the 3/15/21 200p and collect premium
When I grew up I loved going to Electronics Boutique.  

They changed there name to EB, then gamestop bought them out.

So GME now inherited all my love and cherished memories of my childhood.

&#x200B;

And stocks only go up.
[deleted]
[removed]
if the market tanks just buy spy puts ..? i swear it’s so fucking simple
Awesome listing! I really appreciate these, good sir!
Like a true retard you own 50 shares of something you have no clue about...
Nah, PLTR shares for long-term and GME shares to help the squeeze
[deleted]
I wouldn't buy it, but who knows, might print
Crazy concept but how about not micro dosing lolol
Yup we’ll throw out our constitutional process that’s survived a few hundred years and go with input from a guy who probably couldn’t survive having to order a Pepsi instead of a Coke at his favorite restaurant
You serious. I lost 27k wtf is this
Fuck the ccp
Thank you!
And I thought I was retarded damn. This is where we inverse WSB bois GME.  🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
[deleted]
About to be -6% of your portfolio
TDOC is the future breh, covid or no covid, you can get 80% of the doctor visit done from home, huge for logistics.
Blee Bloop.   (I speak robot)
I love the universe documentaries that make you feel completely insignificant
[deleted]
First trade was in Nov. Turned 25k to 36-37k on PLTR and GME shares.

Beginners luck? Wondering how long before I lose it all.
There is an wsb faq that explains quite a bit, including the most popular brokerages. 

If you can’t do that most basic research, or even read the threads your are referring to, or the daily thread even once, then this is not the sub for you. 

And, if instead of taking the comment in stride, you cry about your feeling getting hurt, this is not the sub for you.
https://money.cnn.com/data/fear-and-greed/

Fear and greed at 50 -- neutral. Good time to be buying I think. Might drop a bit more over the next month or two. So I'd average in, don't buy all at once. When it gets to greedy again the market will be roaring and money will flow to those with positions. Build positions now.
I pray one year I just say fuck it and am able to do this to family. I just can’t say no.
2018 isn't really OG lol
except that doesnt apply here

congress can override vetos with over 2/3 votes. the original bill votes already surpassed that amount.
Probably for a few years now. I don't follow a set regime and now I don't really do it that often but there's been past periods where I was very heavy and irresponsible with it. I think it's a great antidepressant and 10/10 for days you need the energy, and enhances life in general. I do it with LSD, haven't tried with shrooms
not over until it’s over🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
You can only write off 3k per year.
All aboard the Cohen Rocketship 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀 
New to the sub but GME has me fired up. Great post though, really learning a lot!
Prepare your anus. I think you’re fine so long as you’re not exposed during ER! They’re going to crush so hard.
my only gamestop in town closed last week. despite rebranding and there being more kids than adults, it still couldn’t survive. that’s why i never want to get in on GME.
Get 5 monitors and have random charts up so you can feel smart after reading 2 words of some new meme stock DD. It’s what I do 🤓
Yeah what a fucking jackass. Fuck him
Pdfdrive.com

Start reading books
no ur fked
[removed]
[removed]
You want us to eat fucken roasted ants, roaches, and grasshoppers? The fuck is this shit post, ban!
[deleted]
Ok, so today I was talking to my friend over text. I asked him what's his favorite anime but then he told me that he doesn't watch it and thinks it's boring. I was confused as to why he didn't watch anime. I told him about how much I like to watch anime "for the plot" but he didn't really show much interest. I then asked him if we could play Among Us later but then he said he has to go to church this afternoon. I never knew he was a Christian. I was asking him why he believed in God and he didn't reply so I told him he's intellectually inferior to me and that his parents indoctrinated him into believing in God. I was sending him scientific studies that show proof that atheists are more intellectually superior to people who believe in religion. I later found out that he was attending a funeral at the church.

Edit: Why do I find it hard to make friends?
We don’t accept Nazis here just tards
[removed]
That’s fucked up nevermind
Checked and based
The word is retard. He didn't discover it but he definitely found the most retarded way to use it by yoloing an apple FD before earnings
I had the honor of speaking  with Thomas Siebel In person at a lecture in CA last year and was considering taking a job there. And I have a signed copy of that book haha. It’s one reason why I’m as bullish as I am on this stuff. Obviously, I want to be investing in the companies driving the “extinction event” as he calls it

I’m huge on space too just unfortunate not many are public. LMT is really 1/4 space and 3/4 missiles, fire control and aeronautics but not a bad way to get some space exposure with a mega cap company. Just be aware: You’re really more buying a military aero and armaments company than a space one there.

I bought shares of PLTR at IPO. Data analytics (particularly predictive) in the government security/intelligence space is huge. Signals intelligence and intelligence collection is literally  data collation and analytics in a very specific context lol. People say they only have one customer the gov’t but the same applies to LMT and Northrop and those companies are huge and extremely profitable. Government contractors have extremely stable revenue flow as long as they stay on the good side of the customer and keep all their licenses and audits in order. I am considering taking some more profit since it’s exploded due to the meme action here but I’m not buying weekly calls lol and i did add some on the way up to swing trade for a 140%. Gonna hold at least part of the current position for much longer and see where the company goes. They have potential. Counterterrorism and military operations are increasingly small scale strategic events, which depend increasingly on data and less on just having more guns and planes than your enemy. The way war is being fought is changing and I think PLTR’s products are well positioned for it

Look into etfs UFO and ROKT. If Space X ever goes public I will throw my money at it lol. I am waiting to see if SRAC might buy out blue origin or a smaller launch shop. 

Virgin galactic and space tourism seems kind of gimmicky compared to revolutionizing the cost structure of rocket launches but I still like it enough to buy and hold. I just realllyyyy wish I could get into all these smaller broad-application launch companies like now. The industry is becoming increasingly saturated and private investors get the first bite as always. Titans of industry are building space companies is so bullish haha
[removed]
During trading hours for the most part. Starts normal then ends high. For last year at least.
Who knows. They weren't open yesterday either.
My $30’s went from -50% to like +200% feels good
We’ll support and resistance levels can be broken. Doesn’t mean they aren’t good support and resistance levels, ya know?
Just lie and make up a number, it's way faster
What is your purpose?
Was she hot tho
Ha!!!
Wtf???
What does everyone think about GME $22 calls for 12/31? Tryna make some weekly tendies
Roddy Ricch - The Box
Rumor has it that they’re gonna partner with NIO
GM has already shown it’s ready to commit to EV production on the same timeline as these Apple rumors but with NKLA. 

Barron’s reported an Ohio State Teacher’s Pension Fund trimming Apple and Tesla shares and buying GM and BABA.

Am I doing this right?
I'm moving soon.. can I get one on my forearm and then find someone for the rest? I've been planning this one for like 3 fucking years now.
African cock is the biggest and thickest 🆙🚀🗿
Gotcha. Do you have any expectations / thoughts about January / pre coverage?
I don't use any of those words though.  It just seems like a doublestandard or maybe even hypocritical to use the uncensored version of the song, and not use all the words.  Go all the way or go home.
Sure RIOT and MARA are (C)oo(L), but if you’ve been paying attention, there’(S) a new player (K)icking with the big dawgs
This was December 14th but the man was right
No, but be warned there was a lot of resistance at $22 last week, which was ultimately the price that stonewalled its run.

However the sentiment is crazy bullish in here and it's starting to leak out all over the place, plus if some of the other things I've read are true, shorts are fucking sweating like Michael Jackson at a little league baseball game and are running out options and time to get out safely. A pop can happen at any time.
Got shares on UVXY.   Rest of my portfolio is clean stuff.

Sorry bro but profiting from society crashing is so much fun..lol.
I feel fucking sick each time I see this.
It’s wsb man you can’t be a snowflake here ...

They use robinhood for no commission  option trades 

But Charles Schwab or Merrill edge are great for buying and selling stocks.etfs
[deleted]
Using a tax deferred account is the dumbest thing possible. Earn a tax deduction on the paltry amount you’re allowed to contribute, but pay ordinary income tax on the massive gains later on at an unknown tax rate? I’d rather forgo the tax deduction and have the tax treatment of the gains subject to the capital gains tax.
Bro if that stuff works everybody would be rich 🤑
[removed]
Agreed, though if this conference will be a big catalyst then it may be a good bet to pick up a few 1/15 calls the first week of January and hold through Monday and Tuesday, especially if GME drops that week. Need to research a bit more before deciding that but appreciate the info you put here 🙏🏽
u/omcstreet did you see MasterCard numbers? Up 3% on sales, could mean amazons are good too. We’ll probably find out premarket Monday
There is no tablet version. It’s a scaled iPhone app.
...YET
No
130 iv for GME isn't too bad
I’m covered in tattoos, if you want a sleeve go with one artist for the entire sleeve, don’t go with a cheap artist, and don’t get anything below the wrist line so you can cover them up depending on the crowd lol
Don’t trust it enough to have my money stuck in it
Austin? Dallas? Other places yes
Thank god 🙏I was worried because my birthday is in March
Perfection
Let the rest of us know what your next moves are, please.
It depends what type you go for. 

I feel like the ones with daddy issues like that shit more.

The proper go-getter types arnt into that shit. At least from my personal experience 🤷🏾‍♂️

Edit: Most won’t care as long as it’s not something ridiculous lmao
“Aggressive Brunching” is what my ex called bottomless mimosas. 

Best thing I got from her. She was an actual Nazi.
Icln leaps
nice cup and handle forming
I don’t know dick about TA and resistance / support. Do you guys know if the fidelity support levels are accurate?? From the desktop outlay
[removed]
Superman would cancelled somehow lol
Ayo you dropped this 👑, I don't stand a chance against you.
If we get another "march", it will be bigger.
Gme
I intend to try with shrooms.. how long you been MDosing and hows it changed your life?
I can’t wait to go buy a big ass iPad with my Christmas tendies. I’m gonna look so cool with the tablet version of Robinhood when my spy weeklies expire.
[deleted]
All my whips are keyless. Because I’m broke from weeklies
START THE COUNT
Musk is the King of Speed
Only our best get those spicy *flair points*
TSLA will be $10m a share though
Omnichanneling all over this bitch on Monday, already balls deep, now I’m all in 🤪
Do you know if they’re release pre or post market?
You are obese right ??
Yes this
Me? GME, shares.

You? Well idk but I recomment thinking about GME, too.
March will continue to have 31 days regardless of covid or not.
Interesting.. 🤔 thank you!
I usually read these, but stopped at 5 years to 7 figures.
No
Thanks for the news from last week bud
I can't believe the run-up it's had since I saw this comment.
That’s nothing I still got my Enron shares in my bank safety deposit box. I’m so fucking retarded I only buy penny stocks that are delisted.
Never forget. I watch this once a day
That shit hole?
Best of luck cutie. May the tendies be with you
I lost \~$50K on Nov20 expiry. Pouring one out for yours, too.
Sick bro nice burn. Time to hate yourself at the bar later.
Calls. That ending will have you tear up like a bitch
Don’t have to imagine it. I do and it’s awesome
Lmao same here. I’m down 11k and really need that shit to moon.
James harden is trying. Puts on Houston.
Not that crazy lol. Ill just say I had a bit too much caffeine if someone wonders why I'm talking so much and being tweaky
Is anyone worried about a smaller March with regards to the new strains of covid?
🎼🎶 Reeeeal men of genius 🎶
Wuddup playa! I'm holding:

* 150 June 18 $25c
* 20 June 18 $27c
* 20 June 18 $28c
* 6 June 18 $30c
What you holding over the weekend?   
I have twenty 25 SPCE ps exp 12/31-
What does that one do again? I have 50 shares but honestly dont know what all the fuss is about.
RH is literally awful.. they charge you commission and more via slippage
[deleted]
You think it might pullback more on Monday? It seems to be getting a lot of interest this weekend and might pump more
Yea I agree that altcoins are a waste of time. Acorns is just basically a passive investing app, not an altcoin or anything like that. I’ll probably switch all that money over to bit🪙 though, just wish I had done it earlier lol
They’ve been super overvalued but I guess that means nothing. Went up nearly 1000% in a couple months so about time to cool off. Wasn’t in on all the weed stock hype but I think they went through a ton of huge bubbles/waves if shrooms follow the same pattern
1000 GME shares reporting in. Also proud owner of expired OTM 25c 12/18 and 12/24
I fucking hope so
🚀🚀🚀
I am down 98k for the year but I am still  💎 hands when it dropped 25 percent after the earnings.

2500 shares at 16.87. 

To Moon 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
I am you dickhead just looking into options when I go to pound town in Western Europe while you are milking palmela handerson as you grow your $600 account
Bitches love tattoos tho
Thank you
Don't worry bro nothing wrong with being retarded, I'm still holding INTC calls, I know a fellow retard when I see one
Hmm seems pretty straight forward. I should receive an email when tax season hits?
They will eventually come down on the exchanges
Imagine living anywhere other than Houston, Texas.
I should not have called this a collar since it isn't one. My bad. 

The main take away of my position is that I sold covered calls (super short dated and a strike thats far away), for only 1/7th of my total position. All I wanted to do was lock in some profits. I sold calls for 1.6 i believe which was super juicy. Should have done a bit more.

My main goal from this GME position is for it to hit 26-27 in next 6 months.
You came to an autistic gambling subreddit
Ist ok du reudiger Köter.
Same, just a shitload after school and summer
Have a good flight brother
“Whoops, took too many”
Stayed*

Thank you Mr. Tiske
Mediocre at best
I once accidently tried a cricket protein bar. Wasn't bad.
RH after hours sucks i hope they extend till 8
\-same
Checks and balances dawg
Yeah there’s a good catalyst in Jan (new console sales figures) but timing that is going to be rough. I sold a couple (4) 25c for Jan 15. If they get called away I made good money but really hope to buy back out at 50% (it’s 15% now) late next week. Then May resell if the premium goes up especially after the release on a couple weeks out after a possible spike.

Edit: Thought you said Jan calls. Feb you will make money on I think.
All depends the brokerage
I don’t follow that stock as I don’t trade it.
What are we fomoing into?
Imagine it was Superman using a woman’s body as a fuck toy while she was unconscious
You might get lucky with increasing IV before NIO day.. but if there's one thing I learned from Tesla - you sell before the hyped up event. NIO could come out with self-driving air taxis and the shit would still drop.
You’re so dense. 

OBVIOUSLY that’s what the chart shows. But if you had ANY common sense you’d realize that as more money is put into the industry, the prize pools will get bigger. 

How about you make a simple inference instead of being a total mongoloid.

https://www.statista.com/statistics/517940/leading-esports-tournamets-worldwide-by-prize-pool/

Btw that’s not even how you write ‘not equal to’ it’s =/=. Motherfucker didn’t even pass algebra 1
Hold the line! Love isn't always on time! Hold, diamond hands, hold!!!
Her brain can't scan millions of genomes to spot similarities, that's a job for AI. Of course the AI won't invent the tech. We have tons of data and AI gives us a way to finally put it to use.
germans are called potatoes as a slur. Don't know where it comes from though.
Remind me bot thing needs to come remind me of this
You're a retard if you only do options. This bull market is on steroids right now and there are so many ways to profit like selling puts to fuck over gay bears, selling covered calls and collecting premium on high IV stocks to fuck over wsb retards, buying shares and riding waves. True retards that haven't learned really think you should only use one method bc their smooth brains cant hold much information. Also you should 1000% be fucking over the retards in the comments. If you have enough capital think about wheeling some popular cheap wsb stocks so these retards can yolo on your OTM calls with low delta. These brain dead chimps will buy it just read the replies on this thread
Where my BFT homies at? I’m fucking smelling TENDIES shortly
Good job retard
Just import data into turbotax from your broker. I know e-trade and TD allow you to. Dunno about RH.
Elon Musk is the richest African in the world. ✊
Not a fan of tattoos 

I feel like it makes guys look more childish and stupid rather than hard/tough/cool. On girls it can be hot. 

I like the clean cut wallstreet CEO in a suit style better. It’s hard w/o even trying. Big Money vibes
Once again I have taken too large of a microdose before attending a family gathering . Let's get it
Calls don’t be a pussy
Dann ist die Antwort zB Trade Republik du degenerierter. Ansonsten schau auf r/Mauerstrassenwetten
Premiumkartoffeln versammeln sich auf /r/mauerstrassenwetten
Yeah that dude is an inspiration to me honestly, being in the UK the biggest broker is trading212 and it doesn’t have option trading.
calls. much better than sequel series
Maybe so Jason but you need to put forth some better analysis with some cites etc if you’re going to just blather on about what you know is going to happen here. I would suggest that you open a short position in the most heavily shorted stock on the market, but I think you’re just a misguided dumbshit and not an evil bastard so I sincerely hope you stay out of this trade and let the adults handle this one.
I think whatever platform you use should have some forms to make it easier
Red head, hot body, fucking batshit insane? Where do I sign up
Holy fuck you're retarded as shit
Very bullish on them. I hope SPAC
Premarket or post?
Take it easy Kimosabi , they’re fucking with you. It’s wallstreetbets not the teletubbies forum. 

Most retards around here use Robinhood such as my self.  Outside of the U.S who knows what’s common
Jimmy Chill says BOooYAh!
You can jump back in. Still has room to run imo
Collar is buying both a put and a selling a covered call.
If NIO doesn't pop right before and after NIO Day, I'm *probably* done throwing money at foreign car companies I know nothing about.
[removed]
Hey you little crotch monster listen up. I ain’t OP I’m just pointing out how I read their Iowa standardized testing score. Either way I don’t give two shits as I’m balls deep in GME like Jeffrey Dahmer eating pussy. Now shut your pie hole before I 𓀐𓂺 so hard you be using my pubes to floss between your two front teeth that you begged Santa for.
Fuck if I know.  I’m a Buddhist, I don’t eat sentient beings. (Edit:  Joke, dudes.. didn’t realize this sub needed /s )


Google some DD and *you* can let us in on the hot stonk.
Wtf you sound like a virgin
Calls or puts on The Mandalorian ? Huge Star Wars fan, hesitant because I don’t want a spin off to ruin the franchise for me
My unprofessional opinion is just do it all to 🪙, Cathie says there will only be a very select few crypt0 that’ll be recognized. I do $100 weekly and don’t plan on increasing it as it’s a high risk/speculative play versus standard stocks
Hah.  Awesome graphic.
Btw, never updated you.  I got fucking crushed Monday.  Came all the way back plus some on Tuesday and ran that into a good week.
Fuck it. I’m going balls deep into tendie town.
Yeah it was obviously too late to stop and already spread by the time it was identified. 

So... what can we do....

I think we rotate out of recovery plays like airlines, cruises, and yes metals, and rotate back into covid plays like Zoom 

Since there is no evidence the new strains render the vaccine ineffective, but there is speculation based on the type of mutations that there can be less immune persistence. No evidence the new strains are not effective just means they literally don't have data on it. 

I think the smart play is defensive with stay at home / covid plays. Maybe TDOC. PTON? AMZN for sure (though that one is a never sell)
I have this one

https://www.amazon.com/Marcato-8320-Machine-Cutter-Instructions/dp/B0009U5OSO

You can get stuff that's a few dollars cheaper, but I'd recommend against. My cheaper one broke after a few months (soft dough got into the gear through poor construction points, hardened and broke it).
more like suck session lmao
Tell him you want the 2020 Vanilla Ice or the Zack Morris. He’ll respond with “Say no more fam”
USE YOUR TAX DEFERRED ACCOUNT you imbeciles.

I have over 50% of my portfolio in tax deferred accounts.  They are boomer dividend yielding longs against which I sell covered calls.  Boring af stocks like MSFT at avg 30s.  LMT at avg 60s.
 
I keep 2% of my NW in a YOLO account.  Here is where I run long short options fx.  If it blows up I stop for the year.  When it hits 5% I draw it back down to 2%.  Thus satisfying my gambling habits but keeping things honest.  I've made an exception this year as things are uniquely insane. DO NOT EXPECT target rich environments like this going forward when things normalize.

Props to OP for raising this very important point.   And may Mammon bless all your portfolios
So, can you explain me what this means. I am not super familiar with the vocabulary on WSB :)
My RIOT calls are getting juiced up and ready for Mondays open.
[deleted]
I have been slowly adding to my mind Medicine shares, I think it’s a good long term play
You mean retards. We are retarded.
[deleted]
Not sure but this is what it says when i try to do it. 
[Fidelity Account Types That Are Options Eligible](https://imgur.com/gallery/pNzXOSd)
Thank you. I know I shitpost a lot, but I hope that those who have dug into my copious DD postings on Twitter, StockTwits, SA, WSB, etc. etc. have derived value in what I've had to say.

I put Strategic, Ideation, Input, Competition, Command in my Twitter profile for a reason: those are my Gallup StrengthsFinder top five and truly explain me in a nutshell. I love to have fun with all of this, but I sure as shit love to win even more.
Will Lucid Motors IPO or SPAC ?
[removed]
[deleted]
Generational wealth
Seriously with the FedEx guy still in the banner?
[removed]
the concept of a pocket veto is so dumb

if the original bill passes with over 67% super majority it should be law
If you can predict the moves then you will profit.
I’m just worried they dropped a lot thursdsy :/
Feb = february. I think if the squeeze happens it should be in the first months of the year. Hopefully lol
I had the same exact thing. I basically trade full time minus other investment income, and i have people always tell me bs about how they're pros and blah blah blah. 

I rarely let anyone know that im playing with millions and i usually act stupid.
[deleted]
[removed]
All sax and no fingers
[deleted]
Europoor
I lost a shit Ton of money this year. Does anyone know how to write it off on your taxes?? I usually use turbotax
or wait till it settles down mid day, I usually buy on the 2:30 - 3:30 dip
You're just gonna paper hand and fomo all the way to -100
If you don't look like fucking He-Man when we finally go ball Ima be disappointed.
Well I fucked up the caption and I don’t care

It’s just supposed to say 40$ options expiring on 12/31 but I’m a dumbass and somehow put 3/31 in there. Happy new year
6/18 35c let’s gooo🚀
F 10c 1/21/22

Agg 116c 6/18/21

O shares

T 29p 1/22/21
I love the DD, the story, the risk, the reasoning.

Would love to see more in the future. May tendies bless your loins 2021.

Much respect. Happy Holidays & New Years.

LetmefollowUrealquick.
I can’t wait to see model 3s driving around like it’s war zone blasting “just popin” and using la cucaracha as the horn
Any good lab meat stonks?
Funny how I sold 200 gme shares to play amzn. Will be getting back in gme after next week with hopefully a much larger position
How much do you do a week? I had been putting 200 a week into acorns and 100 a week into 🪙 but thinking of putting it all into 🪙 for a bit
Yes
I'm closing my condo on Wednesday and will absolutely be buying $30k worth of shares with the proceeds. This is free money on the horizon.
[removed]
Why wouldn't they be?
Ever heard of a limit order?
Yeha so I guess I’ll just roll em out father
They're cheaper. If they hit they'll have a much higher %return. If stock xyz is at 40 and I buy a weekly 50C and a 35c, the 50 will be like 10 bucks and the 35 like 600.if you hold to expiry and xyz is at 52, the 35 will be 1700ish and the 50 200ish. Higher return on the cheap one.

If course it's very unlikely to hit 52, but such is a lottery ticket
Mmed pump is incoming with NYSE listing
I'm not some sort of expert on DD, but taking a random snippet of a bar-and-line chart with no axes or numbers is not exactly a convincing quantitative support for your thesis.
God I hope so
I get scared it’ll ruin my beautiful Tren muscle arm :(
You should fomo on Monday
This is the way. Yolo stocks in a Roth and when you are an old man you can take the money out tax free and give it to your 20 year old girlfriend.
This guy is a real cum guzzler. Lets shower him in Semeny flair.
yes, and we only lose money too
[deleted]
Or his dad will find him and plug up the 2 holes
Memo to myself: Don't fomo on monday, don't fomo on monday, don't fomo on monday.
Fuck the attitude out of Monica, marry Rachel’s tight petite ass, kill phoebes schizo ass
Honestly probably not as great as people think. Decisions are bigger/ more stressful at the moment. I know taxes are gunna hit me hard and the fact this is quite unsustainable. But it’s been fun and I’m glad I finally pulled the trigger at the beginning of this year. Had been wanted to for a long time. I’ve been very lucky and can’t believe people can make this much money pushing buttons on their cracked iPhones
Either way it's impossible. Company hasnt been trading since 3/31 you smooth brain.
I got in on the shroom pump and dump and sold. I wonder if it will continue to pump with the frequency of good news out of the sector. Anyone still keep a position there?
Anyone here have a sleeve? Would you do it again?  Do anything differently?  Seriously considering starting one but I just want some feedback from my trusted advisors.
Jeff Bezos owns www.x.com
WallStreet is in America.  We don’t fuckin eat bugs, dude.   

You ain’t heard of global warming?   We will destroy this planet to have beef.    We’re leaning how to grow meat in labs.  Invest in that.
Are the markets open on Monday?
I hate BBY, the ceo will destroy the stock next quarter. They have pulled forward their sales potential. Good company though. If you go BBy don’t hold through earnings . The only position I lost in so far
Dads know
Should go later than Jan. Theta going to have her way with you
[deleted]
Hydrogen is 10x more dangerous than gasoline for many reasons.

1.) Hydrogen has to be stored under high pressure, gasoline doesn't. Even without an ignition source, hydrogen tank fails, it goes boom, just due to pressure. Gasoline is not under pressure, it's just gonna leak out if your tank fails.

2.) Speaking of leaks, you can smell and see a gasoline leak. Hydrogen on the other hand is odourless and invisible. Maybe your hydrogen tank is leaking slightly but you'd never know until someone decides to smoke a cigarette nearby and everyone does.

3.) Gasoline only explodes under very specific conditions, it has to be aerosolized in the right ratio with the air. It can happen but it's actually pretty difficult to make it explode. I watched a myth busters eposode where they tried pretty hard to make a gasoline tank explode (shooting it etc) and failed. Usually nothing happens and sometimes it caught fire (which isn't great but I'd take it over instantly dying in a massive explosion). Hydrogen on the other hand explodes incredibly rapidly prettymuch the instant there's any oxygen present, because it's already in gas form.
I got picked up by Miami dade police once.   Said we wandered i to the ghetto and we were in danger.  Called us retards a few times too.
Dad?
Need my covid test negative like real interest rates.
Same here going to be a long weekend
WEEKEND DOW +1.4 PTS 

HOLY FUCK ARE BEARS FUCKED 🔪🔪🐻

Edit: Stop downvoting you antisocial retards. Learn comedy.
Fire🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀

🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀

🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀

🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀

🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀

🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀

🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀

🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀

🚀🚀🚀
[deleted]
My wife’s boyfriend bought her shampoo called alba but it looks too much like alibaba so I threw that shit away
[deleted]
[removed]
Got 5 $4k calls for Jan 8 & $3800 calls for Feb gimme that big dick Bezos
[deleted]
Lol it’s been running all year you 🌈🐻
What are your positions
New news to me. Thanks
sales number for the holiday season.  very well might give a little catalyst it needs to bump up from it's lingering flatness.

the longer ball is to see how web services are doing, and we'll get an idea of that at earnings, around Jan 30th.
exactly
Lol nice. I’ve noticed every Monday morning at like 4 am it starts to drop, coincidentally the same time that premarket opens up lol
https://twitter.com/BNODesk/status/1342934319673847809?s=19

>NEW: Coronavirus mutation first reported in the UK also found in Canada. It was found in Ontario in a couple with no travel history
Ah fuck MARA Is about to open up 40% isnt it
https://www.tastytrade.com/tt/shows/market-measures/episodes/rolling-30-delta-calls-10-18-2017
Some of us are into that
I’m not touching that with a 10 foot pole but you do you boo
Like a few days ago a guy posted starting at like $30k to  $1M gains and he only played stocks
Went to my local mall. Line was stacked 20 people deep to go to Lululemon. Calls on LULU
I most likely would have sold at 6 anyways lol
Brand recommendation?
Gaming is the biggest entertainment industry, so yeah you’re right :) 

https://www.statista.com/chart/22392/global-revenue-of-selected-entertainment-industry-sectors/
Sweet! Go grab a pen and I'll DM you my social security number and blood type.
Christmas was great guys. I lost a bunch of money in options but good news I got my dick sucked dry!
When you cant even spell it out in a Reddit comment, that's the worse word
Tencent has all those Chinese mobile games. They love loot boxes and cosmetics.
Really you this fucking stupid???? They bought on 3/31 the $40 expiring on 12/31. Keep sucking on your moms titties your brains not fully formed yet.

(At least that’d how I read 🤷‍♂️)
[deleted]
Just opened a Tastyworks account so I can finally trade US options from Europe. But it will probably take like 2 weeks before I actually have money there to trade
[deleted]
[removed]
Anyways, bears R fuck
Weekly DCA is on Monday 3pm...it always dips, you’re welcome.
[deleted]
Sure, its easy to state that with no back up or evidence. But the fact of the matter is companies are doing it right now, practically, cost effective, and cleanly.
Yup, that looks like my portfolio haha
Yeah she had rights to some of that money. She worked hard for it and supported her husband when times were rough.
[deleted]
All of you guys trash talking it but I got money you will all keep searching for leaked tapes and keep watching her as well.

Maybe it’s better she started out terrible in terms of hype and repeat customers lmao
Depends on the trade. Lots of people are scooping up GME shares to help force a short squeeze. Plenty buying PLTR shares with long-term hold plans.
[deleted]
Might want to wait for a pullback first it's way overbought at the moment. Not saying it won't trend upwards long-term but it's past it's +1.5 long-term deviation. Buy in at the right time.
[deleted]
They’ve come down a bit from this but here are all my current Gme positions. Trying to hold till end of year for tax purposes and roll those January calls out. Before this I did something similar with dkng and I caught the nkla run up. Along with probably 500 other trades but these 3 being the biggest. 


https://imgur.com/a/A4PH654
It’s a Chinese company tho? Idk how I feel about it, did see Cathie load the fuck up on it Thursday tho
It could be company specific. I have options in mine. I’d post a screenshot of my current gay bear positions but it’s almost impossible to crop out the account number from the app screenshot on mobile, so you’ll just have to take my word for it I guess.
[deleted]
Today is my Bday.

I finally outlived Jesus.   Big 34.
Been checking like every 10 min and now find out it reached 26k through your comment
If I wanted my haircut in the style of the WSB Yolo Retard, what would I tell my barber?
A festivas for the rest of us...
Who’s Joe?
Normally I sit when I have diarrhea
Cocomelon
Boredom
42x 8C 1.07 Jan 15
congrats retard
GME has unusual MEME and stubbornness power even for WSB, just anything that even slightly criticizes GME or brings up the lack of support for it's rise (heck people were literally calling the last rise due to a squeeze and no merit) is attacked. But everything has an expiration date and people who are calm will see the lack of base as the chart clearly shows, a base of support that is dropping.

Book mark this page, I will be the reverse of that GME call guy who held his bags for crap ton of money but i will be the guy who does the same in reverse. In some months we shall see where GME is and the panic as it drops for the bag holders. Look at the DD and wake up!
planet earth documentaries when you are high as fuck
On behalf of Andrew Jackson and Patriots everywhere:

FUCK BANKS
thnx :)
I’ve had a semi for the past couple months from GME, but god damn these past couple days have made me ROCK HARD.  Now that I’ve really started to dive in and do my DD, the writing is clearly on the wall for us all to see.  GameStop is here to stay and has HUGE upside potential based off of updates throughout the past months/year.

After seeing /u/DeepFuckingValue post yesterday and checking out his YouTube channel, I ended up watching tons of his livestream updates, and it just gave me more and more confidence in GameStop’s future.  The happy upbeat attitude throughout the stream and welcoming everyone was really cool.

I also ended up going through tons and tons of your comments and your DD /u/Uberkikz11 , and you provide so much valuable information and insight.  It’s much appreciated.  I would love for you to get proven absolutely correct and we see share prices in the triple digits by 2023 (just off fundamentals, disregarding the MOASS). 

I will be averaging up this week heavy.  I already had plans to, and this post just gives me even more confidence.  Huge thanks to all the GME bulls for your continued DD and the positive outlook that’s headed our way.  2021 is the year of GME.  

💎🤚baby.  GME gang gang

Bears r fukt
PLTR shares. All in.
I'm all in on thcb right now, went commons instead though
I'm OG Wallstreetbets. Started 2018, lost about 100k fast. 2019 was sideways with lot of learning, ended with about 10k loss.

&#x200B;

2020 came with even more lessons, ended with up over 150k profit, so paid my trading tuition for now at least. My lowest point was when I was at 2k total at around end of 2019, and made everything from there.
Same here :/what’s your basis?
My weekly recurring 🪙 investment is every Thursday on Coinbase. Been doing me well.
Name checks out
Could be anyone. How about WKHS?
[deleted]
Wait, Monday? Not Tuesday?

https://investingnews.com/daily/resource-investing/mark-these-tax-loss-selling-dates-on-your-calendar/
Those shorts make me feel like I can take on Lebron in a game of 1 on 1.
26k😦😦😦
I am impressed that he made them expire 3 months early
pltr, arkg, tan, xle, ghi.v, sbe calls, 200 bft shares
You are right because I am from Germany.
[removed]
[deleted]
I also trade shares cause i am a virgin.
I fear you're right
mangers dont use TA because their accounts are so big and most of them are competing against or are HFT firms - they are making the moves, not profiting off the moves like all of retail is.

What works for a 500k trading account wont necessarily work for a 500mil trading account. 

TA isnt worthless if you keep it simple and understand whats going on. People tend to overcomplicate things which doesnt help when it comes to TA - that includes adding indicators left and right. 

you are better off forming a base in PA trading and understanding the essence of probabilities in general and when trading. 

Patterns work because the market is a reflection of human behavior and therefore are self fulfilling for the most part. Patterns work because as a retail trader you are following algos to make money and since its a computer program, programmed by people, its easier to understand whats going on and pick up on the algos patterns - its far from random - most people want trading to be exact and when it isnt (which is the case 95% of the time) they call it random.

I dont trade stocks though there are more lucrative things out there to trade.
"Gimme Some Lovin'" WSB theme song.
Succession
I've been holding shares for a little while. Got in at $14. I'm considering April 2021 calls. Their IV is hovering around 130%. Did anyone buy in at this IV? I wonder if it's worth it
Be wary of people who offer free childcare/babysitting or who come by more often when the kids are around. Could be benign. Could be a predator. Happened to me bro.
God damn. I am using Reddit for only like a week and I already can tell that’s the place for the biggest assholes in the world.
Roth is for money that's already been taxed, no taxes when you cash out. Traditional Ira or 401k you can deduct now but pay taxes when you cash out.
BOYS, the plan is simple....WE GO THE MOON.
For so many different people to nail it right in a row is truly special. Or autistic.
Created a new TD account for upcoming year knowing I’d probably outgrow my current portfolio buying only shares 😔
By buying calls on $INTU to ride shotgun on the tendie boom TurboTax will print from us autists this upcoming tax season
Greatest show on the planet earth now
[deleted]
Anybody notice that the 🪙 always rips when markets are closed?
for what?
Toyota?
Did anyone else know that TCEHY (Tencent) had $375 billion in revenue last year? That's more than AMZN or AAPL.  It's market cap is only $650bn. 1.75x revenue to market cap,
Already in :)
green on tuesday?????????????????????????????????
[removed]
Mine are Jan. Thinking of rolling them over this week
I wish I knew, someone needs to conduct some DD.
Lofty Mountain Number 4???

AKA...

Ayy Ell Pee Pee?

Buddy text me about this the other day, 50bagger YTD
RH
[removed]
These charts are upside down
Becoming
Maybe it’s just my lack of english skills since I am not english. Anyway you could just answer my question instead of giving my this kind of advice.
I only know some bird law stocks, sorry
I have 1200 shares and 5x $2c for Feb. I think you should hold unless they are Jan call then roll out to later
So how did you get 2 dates on those options. Trying to figure out what lvl of retardation you have.
I wouldn’t be able to sleep oh my gawd. I think you could redeem yourself with THCB warrants though
not even bait i feel like it’s a pretty obvious joke
🤔
What do you mean?
drone deliveries are the future, duh, just not for physical copies of video games
Best broker (NOT RH) for after hours and trading from Europe?
Robinhood?
I’m assuming you’re not from the US if you don’t know robinhood. My boomer parents even have a robinhood account
Correct
So MARA and RIOT?
[deleted]
GME = BDE
ya LULU makes the best atheltic ware, only wear LULU shorts
Word? I did not know that.
I’d prefer if you address me as Mr retard, thank you
My yacht gonna be at least 6ft long!
Dash
[removed]
We don't really know how it stands between Sherman and RC since the ER. Since RC didn't file a follow up 13d yet, maybe he's content where things are at for now? Maybe he's aware of a banger announcement at ICR. Or Sherman drops the ball again, we tank and he pounces again. How fun!
This is the way
[deleted]
This is the way.
this is a casino
If you think it will go tits up. I personally think it's the stock pick of the year right after tesla.
AND THEY ALL GONNA USE QUANTUMSCAPE BATTS....QUANTUM TO THE MOON BOYS 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
thats my type
AMZN numbers out Monday...
Take it a day at a time. Try and stay positive and be grateful for what you have. Start planning long term and make sure you lawyer up when it comes to child custody/support payments. Don’t gamble what you can’t lose.  

Edit: I looked at your profile. Lawyer tf up. She sounds like an awful/trashy person who’s gold digging. May sound awful but I’d possibly look into getting her declared an unfit mother and then the choice is yours: you can chose to be a parent for this kid or try and do the best with adoption.
[deleted]
Bro. 26K. RIOT ripping on Monday. Merry Xmas!
How does the math check out on that?
If you don’t know the difference between trader and broker, you probably shouldn’t be using anything. 

I would just treat this sub like entertainment.
Nice try Melvin. But your crayons don’t scare us, now bend over.
Bro that’s my sister yer talking about
retart*
Baby talk
It’s been +.01% since it opened
Tax loss deadline Monday! Going full bull if we make it through unscathed..
too much gain porn on the front page rn, I know there are plenty of blown up accounts here due to retards playing weeklies
but it's hard to encounter with a stock like GME. Which stock do you think that can have a run up like gme? Probably TSLA, but it's again very rare
Great DD, love me some confirmation bias to keep me hyped!
How does this happen?
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [Muse - Knights of Cydonia   ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z9D71pQaTnc) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z9D71pQaTnc)⠀►►⠀ 4:04 / 6:07 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
This is the way
They’re saying “Boo-urns”!
[removed]
[deleted]
Hey retard. “No such deal” is a statement of the present. Not the future. But by all means, stay out of this incredible investment opportunity. 

If anything, that tweet reaffirms that it will be stripe, and the only thing it did is shake out the paper hands
most likely 

the first "iphone" wasnt made by apple but made by Motorola
Ford family sells?  no way
Lol. Why is there a Q&A with Peyton and Eli Manning?
happy birthday bortcoin
Let me gamble again
[deleted]
30K by EOY?
Alexa play Knights of Cydonia
Don't you worry I'll taking care of you all 2021 you boasting closetless bear.
Then dump
Exactly.. in her line of work tease don't go all in.
[deleted]
26k
[removed]
Hey chief, I aint reading that. TLDR MT 30c 19MAR2021?
why?
Did I miss something
I sold early 😭
You come to shitpost on a PLTR fansite and haven’t even read Rene Girard?
Lot of words but even the retard in me knows you are giving very good advice
Calls on only fans because of these new iPhone cameras
5MM? Let me see that sweet sweet gains chart!
Got some LULU clothes for Christmas. 

Holy shit I’ve never felt this level of comfort that makes me want to get out of all positions and go all in on a company.
All in on GME $50 12/31 calls
That's a weird way to say blockbuster 2.0
Found the NKLA bagholders
Same vibes. I want to go watch soccer and have some red bull.
I've been trying to learn the greek alphabet but I'm wayyyy to retarded. So at least this I can understand
[removed]
100000% of all the women I’ve dated I’ve showed them pics in my younger years with having the goatee and they’ve ALL said eww I wouldn’t fuck you if you had a goatee
[deleted]
For being a single dad or becoming one?
I saw people spam the QS and 🐝 spacs but how come no one spammed the R.m.g spac
Am I the only person who has never heard of “Boxing Day” until today?
Now that is what I call a yolo
Used the earnings dip to average down, guess I would have to average up again. Also considering longer dated calls as premiums are not sky high yet.
[removed]
Does this mean calls for X at 35?
The one that starts with N at 0:59
I get hard when PLTR moons
im giving it until feb before i decide if i need to pull out; given i only have 20 shares. i could see gamestop turning around with a fresh pair of eyes
So Apple has no auto factories to my knowledge. If they want to put out any vehicles by 2024, they’ll probably have to partner with an existing company yes?

Calls on GM and Ford?
Lmao what a moron. This is what happens when you do no DD
give your kid an allowance and let em do what they want
Hippie bush
This post is dumb as shit on so many different levels.
I appreciate this confirmation bias.
Rachel? She can’t cook and is a bit spacey though
[removed]
Serious question. Why not? I’m new to options trading. The way I see it, invest a few hundred bucks into weeklys until I make enough where I can afford to invest into more long term calls.
maybe d g l y, lmao
nice one smarty pants 🩲
March? Yolo bro put the mortgage in a weekly like a real man.
There needs to be a meme stonk ETF
$MOON direxion moonshot innovators
Just be there and try your best dude
Repeat after me: 

I will never fight the fed
Think $13 is gone pending a bubble burst
Max out a health savings account. You'll need it when the cocaine and hookers lifestyle catch up with you.
THIS IS THE WAY
[removed]
Bird mining stocks please?
I think the homestead act is bullshit. If all of those Germans/Scandinavians need to earn their land the way my grandfather did. Not just take handouts from the government.
👀🍻
https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2020-11-06/bridgewater-loss-stuck-at-18-6-in-main-fund-after-model-tweaks

Dalio having a shitty year.  Annnd his son died last week. Damn. .
>do I get flair? :)

Be careful what you ask for around here.
[deleted]
Try a fedora
Right on!!!!
So where the next moon! Bruh
Happy bday 🤗
because that would be a complete fucking waste of time
Sir, this is the unemployment line.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
My father is a professional accountant and he manages my losses.
[deleted]
[deleted]
LOL
I am buying TMO calls as they make the ultra cold freezers
Lose all of your money
lmao
I am new to this and severely autistic, I’ve got a retarded question but what are calls? I’ve bought shares and done well the past year almost doubled my money and want to reinvest and GME seems to be the move. I’d just be buying shares of it is that what I should or shouldn’t be doing when investing? Lol
This is not the way.
There have absolutely been precursors to this growth, if you think otherwise you're not paying attention. There's a reason both editas and crispr thereapeutics are working on sickle cell. They know these treatments will be greenlit, because the results have been practically magic.

There are hosts of monogenic diseases out there, waiting for commercial treatments.
Booo this man
PLTR 30c 3/19 🚀🚀
No problems. Pfizer will give them a lifetime free supply of Viagra.
STFU 🌈🐻
Im only 10k deep right now but im growing balls monday
Started taking trading seriously in 2019 after a long hiatus, and loaded up on mostly tech and real estate ETFs, with some treasury + municipal bond & gold bullion ones for good measure. After the Covid crash, I wanted to maximize gains again, and looked into options that'd I hear about here & there, including WSB. Well you know the rest. But I've been highly successful at it since I mostly buy calls on sectored ETFs like $HERO & $ICLN instead of individual companies.
u/savevideo
[deleted]
You really had to go there with the pic...
Yeah someone shared the link last night, that whole thing was sad, pretty vanilla. Def wouldn’t pay money for it
Anyone in here a single dad? Got any tips 🤯
Make bagholding great again
Well this is just absolute bullshit!
Good bot
Same, doubling down at market open on Monday
Yes. My biggest trading mistakes have been reacting to short term market moves when fundamentals haven’t changed. I will ride out any drop right after lockout ends. I’ll just sell covered calls and use the income to soothe myself.
It’s gonna pump 👀👀🚀🚀🚀
Hey BBY, nice T&A
imagine being a girl and giving your number to a guy on tinder and he texts you with green bubbles
The profit margins on TECH far outpaces many other business categories. That's some omni channel big dick energy. 

BULLISH AF THANKS PAPA u/Uberkikz11
[removed]
What word?
Well, true. Stonks only go up 📈
Nah GME doesn't do genetics
401k BrokerageLink is Ineligible for Options. It is literally a part of my 401k not a separate linked acct. You can do options in most account types on Fidelity but it says you cant on a 401k BrokerageLink. I just tried to apply.
[removed]
Good bot
Max out your Roth if you haven’t already.
I was thinking about that. It could be that he is going to war with his own party but if you take it a layer deeper what if the Republicans don't want the bill to pass to fuck the democrats as hard as possible when they take power. So they delay the passing just long enough so Trump gets the pocket veto (which is what happened) if they had done it a few days earlier he couldn't have done shit. Trump already lost so he takes the heat for it on his way out the door and the Republicans get to say "Hey, we tried it was Trump who is the asshole.". Dems take power and if they don't control the senate after Georgia the Republicans will be able to rape them over any stimulus deals. Just a thought.
[removed]
Yeah phoebe crazy but you know she was into some freaky shit. She’s the type to put a finger in your ass while she deepthroats with no gag reflex lol
Eat my dongus you fuckin nerd.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Someone want to get me sticky
Nah. Legit business. Not flavor of the month like EVs so don't expect it to double or triple
Do you like apples?
man some people on this site take themselves too seriously. This isn’t a hedge fund it’s wsb if you don’t wanna see PLTR 🚀🚀🚀 and GME 🚀🚀🚀 go somewhere else
Hard agree, doubling my position at open on Monday
good luck dude
I know this is a casino but I actually really like this play.
Usually on something that is mid or long-term bullish in a sector that is bullish as well. MACD up crosses are pretty nice to use. A lot of times you'll also see memeish stocks retrace like half of the gains and then go up again.

Look at BLNK. It moonshots from like 10 to 30 real fast, then it retraces about half of that, going down to 20, then immediately bouncing up a bit. At that point, I feel pretty good about jumping in for another moon. The other indicators looked good too
Wtf roblox ipo?
Rachel kinda dumb though
[deleted]
Thanks for the update

4K shares checking in, Christmas money conversion Monday
Definitely wouldn’t fuck Phoebe, that chick has a smelly cat for sure
Ah yes, makes sense. I think forming a habit is what I tried to do earlier too. Thanks for the help!

How much time and effort it took you to reach the first lucid state?
> laugh when people worry about tax on free money

I don't understand people bitching about taxes either. It's literally free money that you didn't have before
Honestly I think she made a real bad career move. This definitely de-values her. The simps won’t like some random dude plowing their goddess.
Slims the face by adding some drop shadow in case ur losing ur chin
bought my frist stonk as JDSU and ORCL in 1998. wild ride those years

commissions were like $35 each way, did it on the phone since didn't have internet. would check the papers for the stock prices. Things were in fractions still back then  oracle 80 1/16th ya lol 

&#x200B;

FF 20 years, over 5MM in accounts, \~10% avg gains years + adding monies from my work. 

This yar +50% basically holding stocks and selling covered calls. been doing it for the last 8 years, this year has been easy to sellcovered calls  on f500 meme stocks posted here.
Yeah it was weird how it pumped on the price upgrade then dropped pretty hard. I’d love if it hit 95, I could sell a 100cc monthly and be good.

Totally ok getting the shares called away
Lmfao they’re gonna pull a TikTok talks on ZM
low fees, very liquid spreads, tax advantages  (corruption at its finest), and as Michael said you can leverage up to 10x.

Most of all though is that futures are a stock replacement.  instead of saying "I will take the profits if x goes up by y date"  I'm saying "I will take that".  It's a more pure product.  The only cost involved besides the low fees and nonexistant spread is the fed funds rate, which is .25%.  The dividend is worked into this rather than paid out meaning I get PAID to write these contracts.

I also recieve a pretty fat premium every month (like150-200) for writing those vix futures.    It's easy money but also a little terrifying seeing how it ripped up to 60 in covid.
You're going to include all those other offensive 'swear' words, but censor the N word?
It’s funny because if you did the exact opposite you’d be loaded
Phoebe, Rachel, Monica in that order
She got a nice accent fr that’s mad bonus points imo but yeah idk nothing special at all
[deleted]
[removed]
work _of_ *art*
Practice makes perfect
No.  Presidents gain special powers during wartime, but becoming a monarch isn't one of them.  The next president just picks up where the last one left off, during a war.
To believe in some type of after life is very human, as we fear death. Enjoying a fantasy that it's not the end calms our nerves. But that's all it is.
Worst porn I’ve seen in a long time. That was horrific. I was curious but not enough to pay $35 for it. Feel bad for the suckers that buy it
She sucks dick like a dog drinking a water out of bowl, how do guys simp over her jc
Monica, Rachel, Phoebe 

Who would you FMK?
I'm afraid of putting my money into ARKK because it feels like cathie is going to be ousted from her own damn firm and if cathie isn't at the helm, no point in investing in ARKK
HFS it’s Steve Perry
Flair Checks Out
Add chart patterns to that mix, vwap over volume alone (unless its eod/closed market then vol/10dayavg ratio is a decent indicator too), macd on a pulled out chart, use the other counts as well, always helps to know where youre at in a 10 day/ 1 month chart so you can get a rough elliot wave
Cheers
Yeah but.. you know, how do you get that consciousness of mind to actually look at things in the dream? Like say I get the digital clock and/or phone thing. How do I "see" it in proper context conscious in the dream?
you got it
[deleted]
check out Calea Zacatechichi aka Mexican Dream Herb. a QP goes for like $40 last i checked
puts on this guy's sex life
The bears will be feasting the first half of this week 🐻 bulls are fucked
Yeah 100%. I mean, look at his retard face. He knew what was about to happen.
Well he should switch to IB, IB allows it
Buy shares, all shares you can on Monday when markets open.
Is BFT good or just a pump and dump?
I feel a lot better about my PLTR 24 1/8/21 now
[removed]
Ngl belle delphine looks like she’s bad at giving head from that clip I saw

Edit: like you can’t have that following and make an amateur porn tape you need production quality ffs. The shit has to be Brazzers level.
Depressed 👆🏽
Where you check Melvin's short position? Not from us. They short cdprojekt. Hope that they're wrong.
MGNI gang
Drops 3% -> Sell GME it's blockbuster. Happened all the way from 12 to 22 giving a fast track record of buy high and sell low.
Got you
Banana hammock
Penny stocks are retarded. You can get the same risk exposure to much more reliable underlying stocks through options and you have the benefit of tailoring the position to your taste.
no u
/u/SaveThisVideo
[deleted]
You won’t be for long, when you get a goatee.
At least a year
I'm sorry man I'm trying
Pennystocks are garbage pump and dump bullshit 99.9% of the time and they are not allowed on this sub.
Bro , how many times do we have to say this.

Shares to support the GANG gang squeeze and long dated 4/21 calls to get q4 March earnings in and price locked 

C'mon bro make money with us! Stick to the plan
I just want to go down to the Cheesecake Factory and have a drink
I SMASHED ROARINGKITTY'S LIKE BUTTON SO HARD I BROKE MY MOUSE AND COMPUTER  
Time to shop at my local gamestop
I’m married so you are correct
Have had a 401K for years with Fidelity and discovered Brokeragelink in the Summer. It was buried so deep in their interface and my employer's info on the plan had zero on it that I'm surprised I found out about it.
Fuck yeah, better than 0! If you are doing a good job, keep being an awesome dad. If not, step up to the plate. Your kids won't forget your hard work. Cheers friend.
Great to see this post ;  I was really devising this strategy to try out on Nio and wanted to see if anyone has tried this . Now I have confidence to play this .( Poor mans' covered call).

I have strong conviction  NIO will be atleast 80 by 2023. So I buy long call of 2023 80 strike

and then sell monthly options where I get a 5 to 10% of the capital deployed.  if the stock stays 40 even after 36 months, I would have made atleast double the capital with this strategy.. I am 4 months old to options and I thrilled to deploy this with MSFT, NIO and GOOG.
So what do I need to do?

Edit: Thanks, will do tomorrow! 

And also platinum? Really? Lol you fucking retards cease to amaze me.
[removed]
TDOC gonna print, sold off on super low volume,  ARK bought the dip.
Weekend dow
pltr is a dead meme

new meme is fcel
This entire article operates under the assumption the EV market will not grow between now and 2025
What an ending
[deleted]
Just got home from work and I didnt want to go to my mother in laws house so I pretended to have diarrhea and stood home instead. 

🤷🏽‍♂️
I got TSLA at $380 as well, only bought 8 shares tho. When is the whole star link thing supposed to happen?
I’m just here for GME confirmation bias.
[deleted]
Thanks man, I’m trying.  Turning 35 soon and shit is a grind
The bid aslong as it’s higher than I paid
[deleted]
Damn, you listened to 80 minutes of my rambling?
Lol if that’s a wide spread for you consider yourself lucky. 

I just work from bid up to ask incrementally. Sometimes you can catch a really good fill and most of the time you don’t need to go too far past mid
It’s not a binary choice. Golfing and pardoning scumbags means not signing the bipartisan stimulus bill.
1/15 6c and 2/19 7c
Yeah I would've expected an IPO like this to at least bounce of the -1 deviation by now but the 180day chart shows it trending up and plenty of volume. Unless some massive negative news breaks about the company I'd expect these trends to continue. 

So far I've only seen good news each week; a multi-million contract there, one here, seems like they're on a good path to profit.
IPO is an etf with newer companies
I mean less than 5 people controlling pretty much all communication on the planet doesn’t seem like a great thing for a healthy civilization
This actually made me laugh out loud
$22 calls for 12/31 to unrealistic?
[removed]
Let’s see her
Market next week: 📈📈📈

PLTR: 📈📉📈📉📈📉📈📉
Don't do that. Your risk/reward isn't the greatest there, IMO.
Bravo, fucking genius. Poor r/investors just want to go home after seeing the shit on this sub
[deleted]
Thanks 🙏🏻
[removed]
What’s ur position on mvis?
Of what?
Ur depressed.
Or he will just keep golfing & pardoning scumbags. Which is more likely?
We got a regular Jordan Belfort over here lmao
NTTHF was looking spicy Wednesday but I ()'d out. Too little news coverage and opinions quite honestly who don't matter when "news" does come out imo. Plus there is data about how a very very small percent of penny stocks make it "big" (above $5) and it intuitively makes sense the big get bigger with moats. 

Edit- Going on hunt for  data
A SMALL LOAN OF 10,000 EUROS
Yes sris please do the needful.
.>6 month
What about between?
Dude wait till your in 20s for heartbreak!
Yes, I'm aware of how it worked. Been here for almost 4 years. You said even RH isn't that retarded tho and I think you're giving them far too much credit.
Shares are safe, another option is to sell CSPs.
Gentlemen, we have moonage 📈💯
[removed]
[deleted]
Options are riskier, penny stock shares can tank but theyll hardly ever expire worthless. Wsb is all or nothing lol
Question for you all. When you go to sell have a spread that’s little wide(for example at 5.50-6.00) what do you usually set your limit for?
>richly rewarding case study for retail DD wiping the floor with the big boys when the dust settles

Stop. I can only get so erect.
I’m sticking with MV IS but GH IV is another
Huh ill have to delve a little deeper. i thought it was a hard limit. Maybe its different for different company plans. Also, they dont allow more than 90% of contributions to go to the Brokerage link but i guess you can just keep transferring it over?
I am fully convicted in the upside over the next few years.
If you make money on pennys you must be a God.  What we do is about 40 times safer.
Facts bro.  I knew theyd be retarded lol
I have calls on it for 1/15 and it’s just being fucking lame. Everyone keeps saying it’s gearing up to go back to at least 95. Idk. 🤦🏾
So next weekend also long again, no market on Friday.
I am merely one of the riders of the Shortpacolypse
Even better.
Ban
lol Gay
I’m guessing that’s why you got banned
There’s some guy that lurks here named Google and he should be able to help you.
So basically that means you do expect a sharp dip followed by an increase thereafter?
[deleted]
Wishing you the best in your studies. May those tendies be just as crispy.
Reproduction decreases as life expectancy increases.
Rip your account
Direct listing would be legendary for the little guys. 

Pls daddy
Yeah, mainly the fundamentals of the stock. I'd suggest Peter Lynch's "One Up on Wall Street," which boils down to "buy what you know." If you know something about a business from personal experience, that gives you some sort of advantage that someone searching with a stock screener doesn't have.
Been holding my $90 call for months . Fuck JD They won’t print
Wake me up when we're all dead.
[deleted]
I'm trash at short term options too, but in this case Jul21 is pretty safe given all the pieces on the chess board.
[removed]
👍👌👏👏👏👏
Straight to jail
I'm a big fan of Adorno / Horkheimer and their anti-Enlightenment stuff. If that's what you're referring to. When it comes to 'meaning', I like Rosi Braidotti. Her Spinoza-ish materialism is the closest I've come to believing in God. However I come to this forum to shitpost and gamble
Is MARA directly reflective of whatever the most popular cryptos are doing? Or are they constantly buying and selling dips and rises? I'm too retarded to understand how MARA and RIOT work lol
Compete in tourneys. Content creators etc
Tendies for all🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
https://www.ndtv.com/world-news/how-china-lost-patience-with-jack-ma-its-loudest-billionaire-2342349
Maxed out leaps at $20. Different expirations date to offload as it ascends... sorry autocorrect
That’d be cool. Sold covered calls on it that I closed for 90% profit but down on the shares. Ready for it to pop again
This was so fucking stupid.  I mean I get that it was just a marketing ploy, but marketing ploys aren't supposed to make me hate the company, right?  If I get the motherfucker, it will be to keep my Popeye's warm now, and I'm from Kentucky.
I’m Cathie Wood’s bitch

Edit: Mods pls flair me accordingly. Will show proof of my 100k arkg all in
Sir that is a felony
It did bro! Not a good feeling that much, but the learning process is so good! Im happy for what i learn! Best of luck brother
Sell cash secured puts on shit u want to buy. Collect premium if it doesn’t hit strike, buy shares if assigned. 
Then, sell covered calls to exit. 
Easy as pie.
I can’t figure out what the original graph looks like
Getting Feb $30 gme calls 🚀🚀
U got me
Many things are possible... The issue is hydrogen isn't practical
pics or it didnt happen
I think you are right. I arrived at the same number by adding 10% with 13%.
Good luck to you 🙏
Seriously post positions or don’t post
[deleted]
My Fidelity BrokerageLink account linked to my 401k most certainly lets me buy and sell options. Also, the 90% is only a soft cap, and you can do 90% and then 90% of the remaining 10% the next day to get 99% over in two transactions pretty easily.
Forget steel, vibranium is going MOON
It’s shares. Worst case you’re looking at 25% loss and in that case just hold till recovery. There’s nothing risky about this unless GME suddenly goes bankrupt/de-lists.
You just got flagged, we will be watching you
This thing rides with american news
Thanks for proving my point
Only another 20% until you win robinhood
Cut your finger nails ASAP and file them.
[deleted]
Let’s fucking gooooo baby. Got plenty of shares cuz I’m trash at timing short term options, but might pick up a few 25/30 LEAPS to add more to my position 🚀🚀🚀
Whose got the belle hookup

Oof overrated
Well, this is wsb so that checks out
I’m riding the same. 🏆
Martha Stewart gang wya
😂 Please stop with the red boat shoes
No. This is Patrick.
Bullish
Ohhhh.... Thats why those numbers keep dissappearing from my bank
I was picture the guy blasting his ass with a microphone, yeah the actual story is a lot more lame.
who is this new gay bot
[deleted]
Yeah I hope so too, most likely 18 yr old kids LARPing after watching Wolf of Wallstreet.
Genetics will be hampered for the next decade or so because of all the government regulations in it. A lot of the research needed to move ahead is considered unethical because a large amount relies on fetal research which requires abortions and such. I don’t think there is much profit ahead in it but it is very important
Sickle cell and beta thalasemia has probably been cured. See crispr therapeutics latest research results. R^2 value of 0.933 for morbidity and % hbf (fetal hemoglobin) in patient blood. 

A lot of previously untreatable monogenic diseases will probably be cured within the decade.
Until Trump announces a government shutdown to go to war with his own party.
Yo I feel like my withdrawal from my broker has been stuck for like a week now. I need that shit to transfer to a new broker and gamble NOW
I imagine self driving dummies crashing into each other
You’ve still got $6 left, showoff
[deleted]
It's been a long, lonely journey. I'm so thankful to have found many friends over the past year to join me on it.
lmao
smh...
All I got is 4200. All in on mvis calls. Thinking of exiting and throwing it into something with more volume. Gimme tickets pls
Lord and savior Rod dropping a hot steaming pile of fresh DD onto the frontlines of the GME army. We are truly blessed.
That's what I said. They HAVE time but they don't have forever.
[deleted]
Haha no he said “I met this drunk comedian chick at an open mic and fucked her in red boat shoes that cost me a lot of money” 

Fucking creeps lol
Imagine 80k in gains and you botch your post this bad. 

Retard.
weekend dow blood red, due to stimulus bill dying
They've been scooping up ITM puts. Look at the Jan15 $24P, that's them. 

And thanks for the thoughts, you're absolutely not alone. Many in the PE/HF community hear the word GME and think you're a retard if you bring it up. They are slowly coming around to it. Sentiment remains so depressed here, I genuinely believe this will be a richly rewarding case study for retail DD wiping the floor with the big boys when the dust settles over the next few years.
SPY predictions Monday

Upvote: Over 370

Downvote: Under 365
Post photos of your pasta to instagram #FoodPorn idgaf
I see a lot a weird shit like that here it's disgusting. Most of them probably not true tho anyway
Shares are the safest play
🚀🚀🚀🚀
So puts since you are so sure it is gonna be shit
You better start manscaping
NVDA seems to be doing the same thing. Both would be good choices for a stock split to get the rally going.
A shit load of Apple calls for the next ER and a shit load of SNOW puts for the next week.
The opportunity cost alone is expensive. Then you add in a borrow fee on top of that (albeit low) and that's a pretty expensive price to pay for a trade that's not guaranteed to go in your favor no matter how long you wait it out. And that's the point I think you're overlooking. It is not a given that Game Stop keeps marching towards bankruptcy. It has survived some extremely negative catalysts and remains debt free with several positive catalysts on the horizon. It is entirely possible that GME is able to turn things around and find its niche for the long term. And if/once that becomes more apparent the whole "wait it out" thesis goes out the window. Translation: moon mission, baby.

&#x200B;

Also, I like how you use Tesla as an example. How'd that work out for the shorts? Seems you almost proved the point that stockholders will eventually be rewarded if they hold long.
This is not applicable in this century. Both this book and Benjamin Graham's Security Analysis book are useless af.

Summary: Buy stuff when its cheap, but with a safety of margin. By this, I mean, do your research and read all the info about the company in their financial statements, and if the present value of that is less than what the stock is selling for by some margin, buy the stock. Buy stuff where there is a 'moat', like brand names.

Obviously, this shit doesnt apply to our current market where companies that are hemorrhaging cash is worth more.
Been cash this entire December haven’t really missed out on much I just hope spy can hit  355 so I can go long
Farkkkk long ass weekend
He had sex with a mic? Sounds pretty cool to me
Puts on this guy’s sex life.
So GME has a few things positive for it.

1. Didn’t die from COVID which tons of shorts probably bet on

2. Ryan Cohen (Chewy founder) recently purchased a large stake in GME and wants to make GME a e-commerce business vice brick and mortar

3. GME has been beating earnings expectation i  the last few earnings reports and will likely continuing to trend upward

4. Historically GME grew with console cycles and a new console cycle just started


Skyrocket? no one knows. Risk vs reward? Shares IMO provide pretty good risk vs reward
Fractional
Some German dude said his broker wouldn’t allow him cuz they consider it market manipulation over there so you’re prolly right
r/thetagang
I have nio calls and snow puts tell me I'm making tendies just did basically a Yolo on those 2 fk
[removed]
A huge lesson that made him smarter...


GME🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
PLTR🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
STIC🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Good point about meme posts on the main WSB page all being 5-15 hours. Do you recommend filtering by “new”? 
But then I’ll miss all the memes!
I was living like a fuckin hermit for years.  Spending what I can now.  I hope you can do the same soon.
That was 3 rockets, 🚀 here's the one you forgot
Whats your MARA price target?
QS and AI say hi
Facts
It’s like $130 total and because I’m a retard why else
[removed]
They don't expire.
I will sell you 100c instead on Monday if you want
🤣
Holiday retail sales up this year. Bears r fuk
I can tell you what happens when you die, you cease to exist. Your brain might fire up some sort of fireworks as a last ditch effort to save you, but ultimately that will be pointless as well. Then you are gone. So I suggest to make the most of your existence while you still exist.

Btw santa isnt real.
All I know is that Cathie is buying the hell out of googl.
Hahah it’s so funny when you fucking losers delete your posts you thought would be funny here. No one thinks you’re cool for having sex with an open mic you weirdo. 😂

This dude said “she was drunk” like he was bragging and basically admitted to raping someone, of course the entire account is gone now lol
[deleted]
How is the opportunity missed? GME going all the way to the moon   
( 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀 ) for credibility
Accidental bear is the best bear
I’m not a unicorn, I’m a stonycorn
badass, the king of GME DD is alive and well! 10k shares, 100x $15C, and 50 CSPs and counting! lets mufucking ride!
👀 at cryptos
And the dateless streak ends. Boys I might get laid tomorrow, this is why you always buy calls.

N no she's slimfit thic you h8er's.
ACB
I hope you're not talking about shares rn
I’m a scalper my dude. Also tell that to QS lmaooo
Just wait til the city of Miami police announce PLTR contracts
Weeklies can be brutal. You can be 100% sure something will moon, but it could trade sideways longer than you think and you'll miss out.

It's like hitting a homerun vs a single. People who bought QS weeklies could've made like a 100 bagger if you got in and out at the exact right times. But most of the time you'll get blown up on stuff with only a few DTE
TA autists: how do you time your entry/exit into a stock? What are you looking for? Have some general knowledge but want to be able to time myself instead of relying on others. I typically look at current trend, volume, rsi and MA to get an idea but not confident enough yet to jump in without other confirmation bias lol.
New etf that was opened in October 2020 and has gone up $4.50 (16%) since.
Agreed, I’m just worried that after the tear the sector’s been on it might make for a good sell the news moment. Very bullish through the end of next year though
So you’re saying put down the farm on gme huh
Thinking about getting a goatee so I can look like a trader
How long is a leap usually?
So would $5k worth of shares be pussy money or is it too risky?
Lol
Yeah what could go wrong buying weeklies after it has already gone up 60% in a week
[removed]
In for 31 shares and will buying more at any signs of dips
What are you currently holding?

Im 1 TSLA

10 FNGU

5 ARKK

5 ARKG
Regulated utility and dividend aristocrat? Ok boomer
You PLTR and GME nerds spamming this in every discussion are annoying as fuck
[deleted]
Do you have any thoughts of your own on this matter? Or do you...is that your thing? You come into a bar. You read some obscure passage and then pretend...you pawn it off as your own idea just to impress some girls and embarrass my friend? See the sad thing about a guy like you is in 50 years you're gonna start doin' some thinkin' on your own and you're gonna come up with the fact that there are two certainties in life. One: don't do that. And two: You dropped a hundred and fifty grand on a f----n' education you coulda' got for a dollar fifty in late charges at the public library.
they do have time, it's a crucial benefit they have over put options.

Doesn't mean they have until infinity and beyond to hold the position tho.
A blumpy at 9:30 Monday or bust
Any resources? The only things I did was getting started by making a habit of wearing a watch and looking at it regularly (time doesn't tick or show in dreams?), and writing down the dreams I have as I remember in my notebook.

Gave up pretty soon after, but it was some years ago. Wanna get started, any good resources you recommend of how-to and stuff?
Lots of new dumb money coming in next Monday
Expensive to be flying all around the world like that lol . Sounds like you living the dream
Yo this is awesome
My A-Hole starts bleeding whenever GS starts talking, but my 4K shares are standing strong!
Leaps
Why not sell puts? We think this thing is going up so it's unlikely they'll get exercised.
Someone ban this retard
Bankruptcy that's on chapter 12 to frustrate people who like puns
Mango is a genius. bring back stimulus talks going well
[deleted]
I’m afraid the stupid is terminal.
[removed]
Doggy
EOY in 3 trading days 😂
BRO
Big ban
Yea it'll definitely take a hit of the Gop wins, but overall I can't imagine it not going up throughout sleepys president, what I'm trying to say is, be careful with your expiry dates
Currently studying genetics

This is 100 percent the way
u/aidanh05
Oh, I absolutly agree. And I would be absolutly content with it "only" doubelling. But a man can hope, can't he?
Pour quoi?
Did anyone else get a little poll on the sub page asking if WSB is about internet culture/memes?
Very sympathetic to that I am.
What about chapter 11?
So I should sell me April calls for more Feb/Jan calls.  Got it.  🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀 here I come 🍗🐓
[deleted]
Where and how much?
All in
No ban
The podcast has convinced me along with some brilliance on Twitter/here. Will pick up $2000-2500 of shares on Monday midday. Wish my dumbass jumped in at $15-17 but I think those days are gone
[deleted]
[deleted]
You’ll make it all back if you keep holding
Assuming we actually spend time with ppl...awfully brazen assumption
I have mine at 150
Markets not being open is literally torture
Bro unemployment expires the 26
Wendy's sounds a bit high class for me
I know you can, but wasn't sure if there are behavioral attributes of vix that would make it silly to wheel, and therefore a joke to suggest it.  Do you really run the wheel on it?
This is literally the next moon mission.
you are doing it 81.89% to be exact
Positions or ban
[deleted]
I really like ATI
How does one theta gang
It’s a sad word when people no longer have original thoughts and only resort to copy and pasting movie quotes. Every day we move closer to ideocracy. But maybe this is a reactionary response because we stopped asking or debating deeper meaning in life but only consume mindlessly in a world devoid of meaning as we hurdle towards the endgame of the the enlightenment.
[deleted]
[deleted]
No you
Square
XL. Weeklies will give your account 1000% returns next week don’t @ me
Didn't even know that was possible! Hah.
Bro the real money makers are the chads selling u that monthly contract
Don't whisper in my ear like that brah. This is music to my ears.
That's a good analyzation of the situation and the possibility of a tax incentive at the end of the year could also be a factor along with Melvin bleeding from BABA losses. I think we'll definitely see something happen before EOY but who knows with these shorts!
[deleted]
100% green
Read this in Bruno’s voice
You're retarded. I make over 180k a year and would never even dream of buying a sports car or eating out at restaurants everyday
X gon give me all the tendies
If a slight increase in chromosomes can give us the occasional windfall of tendies, imagine what a large increase in chromosomes can do!   


I'M IN!  


YOLO ARKG 155c
> Shorts have time before they expire.

Why do I come here.
No need for an IPO roadshow, fuck those bankers with their underwriting fees.

Just go direct listing and have this video as the prospectus. Instant $1000 stock price on day 1.
Bru what about population zero 

And VR porn
I think it has to be. Cus same. Weeklies are just so risky. Stonks always go up but sometimes they don’t during a specific week
Talks going well
My only regret is not putting more into GME, QS & AMD (imagine selling AMD @ 12... lmao F)
goin to Cartagena Colombia February 17. Pull up!
[deleted]
[deleted]
Calling all GME players to help pump Amazon tomorrow and rebuy into GME at EOD or EOW at better price. Free your capital from other trash plays not named AMZN and GME 

Of course leave your shares and just buy more shares and a few April calls once we are happy w/ Amazon profits 😤
Markets going to probs stay flat.
I consider software to be a material, so i’m gonna go with PLTR
donkey
Last 2 Monday’s have been red breaking the trend  of ‘Always Green Monday ‘.

Let’s see the third one ..
Price doesnt equal style
Never thought of that i’m in
[removed]
Is the real way to make money buying monthlies? I feel like everytime I buy weeklies or buy 0DTE I get shafted and blow up my account
Make sure not to wash your ass. That’s only for LVM.
F you 🌈mod
4 days until my margin cal, here’s to hoping futures rip on Sunday night
[deleted]
Way overvalued - but could be even more overvalued (see QS)
Fuck u and congrats
Why can't we list microcap tickers?
NEE no question
😝🎊🥳
These long weekends are criminal
All hail u/PLTRQ, the one true ~~God~~ Bot
What’s your best stock in the materials sector?
Hey I have a new investment strategy. Basically you just put 100% of your portfolio into TSLA. Before you call me retarded have you even tried backtesting this strategy? Its given 1300% returns for the last five years, literally can’t go tits up
Post pics pls
[deleted]
If all GME playahs set limit sell at 100 just for the sake of it, MM will get the message loud and clear. They will talk to Melvin and be like "dude, I'm looking at the depth of the market and I see your abyss"
Bruh you never fail us

*chef’s kiss*
Psth gunna take them public
[deleted]
A baked in ponzi scheme, what could go wrong
Canadian bill?
Here before this post goes to the moon🚀🚀
In the markets bears hibernate for 10 years and only come out for a couple of months
[deleted]
I think he meant Friday
It’s a solid pick, I reckon the sector will continue to run well into Biden’s term
Covid.. travel restrictions.  Hello.
If you're not posting nudes from your hookers no one gives a shit.
No one gives a F about revenue, all about net income dude
[removed]
for leaps? it just had a $20 run up in the last month, ime that's where i get burnt
I responded above to the other comment.  I don't have any specific companies that I'm aware of.  My money goes to ARKK because it holds the relevant ones and rebalances when it believes their relevancy has faded.

I heard somewhere though that GME was an assured 100x so I'd probably just dump into that.
[removed]
True. I'll likely also take in my Jan monthly CCs before then (theta will have booked my profit) and see how things pan out.   I do view the ICR talk as a mild catalyst and am not averse to simply throwing in a small strangle around that time (long puts long calls) simply to defend my core shareholding.
Literally just ordered some on Uber Eats
Buy the genomic shovels and pickaxes with TWST. ARKGs 3rd largest holding, this company produces synthetic DNA for use by ALL these other genetic companies.
Lol idk what they do, but rich middle aged white women will always say they're "literally addicted" to the chicken. Every one I see always has an insane line of cars
Why can’t you go there
Lol they’re actually under NRG gaming which is a very popular esports org. I’d def put some money in there. Esports will be yuge
[removed]
[removed]
I’m unmotivated to do anything but buy RIOT, MARA and make bitch ass theta plays next week
Real autists listen to wsbsynth at the dinner table 
GME GME GME GME
Stonks only squeeze up
Spend more time with your granny.
Of course that's your contention. You're a first year grad student. You just got finished readin' some Marxian historian -- Pete Garrison probably. You're gonna be convinced of that 'til next month when you get to James Lemon, and then you're gonna be talkin' about how the economies of Virginia and Pennsylvania were entrepreneurial and capitalist way back in 1740. That's gonna last until next year -- you're gonna be in here regurgitating Gordon Wood, talkin' about, you know, the Pre-revolutionary utopia and the capital-forming effects of military mobilization.
Hopefully JD calls print Monday
Por que si
Started trading in April lost on NKLA, KODEK year to date 20%. Very ashamed of myself for not selling sometimes. Well you learn in life right
[deleted]
If this market stays closed for much longer, I'll have to start trading shitcoins to lose more money.
Looks like Mango man is gonnna let the Stimmy bill expire and Congress gonna restart  the whole process next year .

Markets gonnna act crazy next week or will continue to rise based on hopes of new deal again ? Hmmm.. could be an interesting end  to the year
In the bathroom at my Grammys. Just checking in with u guys🥰
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME MOTHERFUCKERS
If it were that easy this sub would be filled with hundreds of thousands of millionaires. By and large most of the people here are broke and/or in debt.
[deleted]
"A few additional details: 1. I’m 21. 2. I have an excellent credit score. 3. I’m a long term investor."

Dude I know you're gay so you think you fit in here, but if you want to keep you're excellent credit score and not lose money, you should probably block this subreddit.
Thoughts on LAZR?
Congrats dude, I was in LA trying to make a career last year and fell on my face. It’s a hard city to compete in.

You’re fuckin killing it
She lives in another country I can't currently go to.  I mean we talk every few weeks now but that is over.. I'm not stupid, who knows what she is up to.   She lives in a condo on the beach. -She probably thinks of me when she is bored which is likely never.
ban this pussy
[removed]
You had on red boat shoes? She *should* have roasted your ass
I work in the field on the research side and I see the increase in technologies but I have no exposure to the companies so I don't have any hot buys.  That's why I keep ARKK, it hits the top genomics companies and makes it so I can leave work at work.  

When I say omics tech and AI is expanding in the research and industry fields I can expand a little bit to explain why.  For many years technology allowed researchers to generate data, at first it was how to acquire automated data then more data, from genetics (single organism) to genomics (multiple organisms) and the sister fields (proteomics for proteins, metabolomics for metabolites, transcriptomics for RNA and genomics for DNA as a very basic explanation).  Now the problem isn't so much in how to generate the data but how to analyze it and what to do with it.  The storage part of the equation is making research lean heavily on cloud based resources but that is sometimes not reasonable for industry due to privacy concerns.  The analysis side of things is being tackled by the field of bioinformatics and computational biology which is relying more and more over time on artificial intelligence. 

On the other side of things are specific industries using tools to do truly transformative things.  As the OP mentioned this could be something like modifying an existing organism to product something useful from something not initially useful but it also has a lot of health interest for novel therapies.  I know I should try to include more memes and rocket ships in this post but I really don't have any tickers in mind specifically, apologies for that.
The day he learned that the narrative could not, in fact, be controlled
GME gang grows stronger by the day
Its always interesting when 2 born losers who think they’re better than other people meet each other. Truly one of my favorite forms of people watching.
Arkg
Cohen bought half a million shares at $16. He'll buy more over $16 eventually, IMO.
Listened to the podcast last night after searching $GME on Twitter. Found your Twitter account too. 

After listening and going through your posts, you have me fired up even more than before about GME. Bless you, sir. 

Currently sitting only on 2022 calls, but I’m buying some shares...and getting more calls Monday. 

🚀
[deleted]
Isn’t that just a group of nerds playing COD? How would that even go public. Lmao
Thanks for the reply. Someone brought RMG to my attention about two weeks ago and I promptly forgot all about it. The stock has really flown! I'm trying to assess whether it's too late to get in on it.
$hitcoin to $30k by NYE. Mark my words
Beautiful
[deleted]
[deleted]
I know, it actually is a bargain. But assuming it hits $150, then the difference between a $16 entry and a $20 entry is quite big. 150/20=7.5 & 150/16=9.375. The difference is an extra 25% gains. If it moons now I will of course hold. If it dips ~20%, which I THINK (not sure) it will, then I’m doubling down. Look I’m really stupid and it’s only thanks to people smarter than me on r/wallstreetbets that I’ve made returns this year
Man, I’ll be riding the ark ETFs until CHIK fil A ipos. Then I’m balls to the wall. These places are gold mines.
17 -> 15 last time, i think 13 is a little too optimistic
So, to make mad tendies in 2021, quit weeklies and find the next tsla?
PACB is actually now the funds largest holding.
Probably like TSLA battery day was.
[removed]
Stay away from the sharps while you nod.
[deleted]
Nah
There was a guy over there that said NKLA would hit 120 before the end of December like November 28th
No haha im just saying im cheap af. But srsly, baby jeeters. Get u high everytime
I’m in 2k shares you’ve convinced me to go on margin for 1k more.  Let’s stick it to dirty Melvin and BoA scum.
[deleted]
I want my boypussy to have a dick🥰
Their cultural backlash would be too strong. But yeah the current status quo is not working
I read your username like "your PoE trader" lol
All the time
Cash out some gains and get a pasta maker. It's not too expensive or difficult and you'll impress people with your awesome culinary skills
Management is boomerish. Selling CSPs will prove profitable, but you may leave a lot of tendies uncooked if you go in with too neutral/bearish positioning.
That’s cute
Son, this is your dad. The 300K I loaned you was a legal settlement from planned Parenthood for the botched abortion. Your brain damage is not from the car accident while taking you home from the hospital. Love, Dad
I appreciate you
I actually dreamt of waking up to a GME short squeeze a week ago.
How’d you lose her... thought last night you were saying you’re a playboy
Is NIO day going to be like BABA day was on Friday?
Anyone know what track this is?
FSLR has lower IV and will run with the rest of clean energy sector. I’ve got a bunch of short dated calls expecting run up to Biden inauguration
[deleted]
He literally said that in a recent interview.
Do you guys ever wonder if the European enlightenment as characterized by the likes Newton and Voltaire was a reactionary response to the violence and strife of the reformation brought about by the massive change in information technology (printing press and literacy), and that we are running towards the end of that scientific and industrial epoch and about to return to an era where man will be testing their baser nature and that reactionaries, populist angers, blood shed and revolts will characterize our time?
are jews known for their weed?
When’s optic gaming going public I’ll go all in
No, but I can handle expenses in those places.  Not expensive to live in any of those listed places really at all.
How much did you pay them man? ;)
Ew poors
Too much icln, arkk, and spy talk in here 

UVXY 10.5c 12/31
Lost us at “wife”
tl;dr ARKG moon gang
Any news on 🐝?   Looking for a $13 entry point. I’m assuming no DA was announced so expecting a slow drop back down.
it doesn't seem to me that he's clearly been escorted by the left. first served reagan, was given the presidential medal of freedom by bush.

sure he seems left compared to donald trump's right, because trump chose to try and make him an enemy. but that to me seems more like logic fighting irrationality rather than any sort of political disagreement.

i'm asking you to point me towards accredited doctors discounting Fauci. no matter how i google it i seem to just be finding either the highly political stuff that you apparently hate or people talking about how those who disagree with fauci seem to be the ones spewing nonsense
Yup. Bankrupt = Can't go any lower. Bullish as fuck.
Look, we've all been wrong in thinking they would cover for months now. I can't claim to know any more than anyone else. What I do know is that at $20/share the 68M shares short is nearly $1.4B. That's a lot different than when they were \~70M shares short at $10 for \~$700M. Major margin calls / balance sheet risks as we move through the $20s, IMHO.
Which word
Many malls have AMC as the anchor tenant. There is a non zero chance of one of the Mall companies acquiring them to keep them open.
To the moon 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀
230 eod monday imo
WTF, why?
When I started seeing loss of money as the beautiful potential of making the same amount or more from a win
Trump coming with his January surprises
[deleted]
pump and dumps
ah I miss that feeling.  now I barely get a half chub for anything less than 7 figures.
Yeah I can’t tell if they jell tho. They’re destroying the lions but they’ve gotten their ass whooped a lot of games. It’s weird. six months ago I would’ve bet my money that TB would cake walk to the Super Bowl. Now i don’t have the same confidence even tho I still think it’s possible.
Well sorry to say we all need one here  


I'll take it from your monthly tendie allowance
Alter
[removed]
fuck man was thinking about the same thing, watched it earlier today

felt like a disney "oh everything good yay" movie such bs
Usual WSB. ICLN just went on a 25% tear and nobody mentioned it until the tail end of the run. It's overbought af right now and is most likely topped out temporarily. So yeah time to FOMO in for the downtrend then panic sell before it continues running
Doesn't matter at your age.  Balling is what you should be doing.
Started in the beginning of the year. Traded about $500 and made some quick profit. Said fuck it ant put 5k into my account. lost all that money in the following weeks and I've been down since then. down like 80%. stated again in the past couple weeks, trying to claw myself out of the hole I dug myself into. 

Keep trading with emotion and kept losing money, I'm down about 9k ytd. People keep calling me the autist I am for losing that much money and not stoping. but slowly I went from -99% to -80%. Ive sought the Wall Street bug and can't stop even if I wanted to. 

Hopefully I Learn from a year of losses and 2021 is a little more  forgiving to me.
Ah yes, saw that. Well, imho that is just a ruse. Sure, the lawsuit may happen but it has very little to do with the actual XRP currency and more to do with the Ripple company's way of business. I see the value of xrp dropped, but ain't that just the right time to buy? It can only go up afterwards..  and if the US continues to treat it like currency/money, the value should hold. And when the banks adopt it as a means to conduct transactions, it could mean mad gains. Or am I wrong here? Legitimate question, I wanna hear counter arguments
Oh you rich rich
Lmao savage. I just have the 100mg true norther's should land on the moon here soon.
Bears hibernate for up to 8 months and prepare by gaining upto 1200lbs
Gotta be funny or smart or offensive, somehow you can’t do any
[deleted]
GOEV = GO!! EV
Haha you’re the mods bitch.
Dammit now I can't sell covered calls in good conscience until after the 11th!
[removed]
Dammit!
My Watchlist is waiting for that stimulus check. Looks like even 600 aint going to happen anytime soon.
Just assume they’re dead and try to enjoy a few days off man. Only way to have a clear head in the midst of weekend holds
Look for baby jeeters next time u goto dispo, pretty much a moonrock joint. Only thing i consistently buy and im a jew
As the tree blinks from white to red to green, you look at the void under the tree that previously held presents. Fewer this year than usual, but some.

How did you get here? Boredom? In March, you felt trapped with your wife and infant. You needed something to pass the time. Something you could throw yourself into fully.

“Are you coming to bed?” your wife yells down the stairs. It seemed harmless at first, but as the pandemic drew on, so did your investment. You’ll stop soon, though. “Soon!” you reply, and you hear her feet climb the steps.

The lights start to blink chaotically. You cringe because you could only afford the junk strands at CVS. Suddenly they halt—the alternation feature broken—on red. It fills the room and covers your flesh. You look down at your hands, and they look like they’re bleeding. Like your calls.

After a time—hours?—you realize you’re sitting in complete darkness. Your lights have expired, worthless.
Donate to a food pantry if you want to spend money 👍
Time for one of mums super strength painkillers. Mmmm sideways
Oh I see, thanks a lot for the exhaustive reply.

Should I base my trades mainly of fundamental analysis then? I usually focus on TA and only partly on fundamental analysis.
[removed]
Mvis hopefully flys Monday 🥺
Sorry, why would someone get comment banned for mentioning a ticker?
What’s NIO day?  I thought NIO was dedboi for the short term future.
[deleted]
just got an automod message for saying a bad word wtf
Agree this guy doesn’t even go over the fact that cineworld was gonna buy cineplex but because of cineplex’s bad debt they decided against it
Huge support at the $20 level, even $20 feels like a bargain right now if you are willing to hold for months.
And yes it’s ladder tax, only fed tax. About 45% when your income is higher than 1M
literally has to go tits up
[removed]
I forgot to close my SPY puts for Monday, so I am a bear this weekend.
ur cool bro buy calls pussy
Guh
I have too but the places I'm looking to move I haven't been to.  Mendoza, Argentina, Berlin.. Bogota.
NERD...that’s not a joke check it out
Can it be Monday so I can know if my BABA calls fly or die 😔🧗‍♂️🆙🔜
Remember the PLTR spam before Thanksgiving? We have now entered ICLN after Christmas.
[deleted]
When i put all my saving into play
definitely right here. that 1yr chart is INSANE
[removed]
Ima $Snow bear 

Puts on SNOW
I just now realized there's a Q&A with Peyton & Eli Manning. As a lifelong Giants fan I would fucking love to hear their banter.
***EDIT SEE MAIN POST EDIT***
Go beg in the streets
And not spending it on options? Are you lost?
Covid has changed us. Sure people will go back to the movies... others will just continue to watch movies online or avoid the theatres. This could take a while until demand is back to 100%... I ain’t paying $10 for popcorn when I can watch the movie at home and smoke a j while I’m watching
Whats happened to Ripple then?
well look at the market cap of both, SQ is much smaller
Im in
They’re gonna be weeklies probably 12/31 $25 C
Rub them on your balls and you just might (there’s tastebuds down there)
[removed]
That's just very thinly veiled greed, tbh. Parents should want the best for their children, not ruin their lives over what is, in reality, chump change.

It's very easy to not create spoiled shits and also not let their lives fall apart faster than Columbia on reentry.
I mined my shitherium like a real man!
The key was to use a burner for your number
My cock is rock hard thinking about the opening bell on Monday
Yes
I bought 30k dogecoin lmao
What you looking for bby I've been all over, can maybe give tips
Your cock must be rock hard
New guy taking over company, changing business model
-99.79% - get it right.
[removed]
[deleted]
Ugh and you have to buy their fucking charger that only works with Apple EVs
It looks like it's starting to take a small breather right now, but I think I'll hop back in after it goes down like 5-10%
PLTR going to the moon next week
yup
At least you didn’t lose everything like some people here
If it was bitchcoin you’ll be ok, anything else tho....
How do you know ? Dark pool trades ?
Is the market open yet?
Just show us your -90% portfolio
9 months. I just gave birth.
kushy punch hits so fucking hard
aren't all time highs best time to get in? momentum play?
Guh
MetLife and Allstate were two big names that came up. Both have decent dividends and both have beat earnings 3 out of the last 4 quarters.
2,300% growth in a year, seems dangerous to play
Even without the shorts being squeezed, this is still a value play, the company will easily 2X on fundamentals alone over the next year.
I have like a third of my account in SQ but PayPal has been holding its gains better than SQ lately
My man
Looks like GOP will win based on betting sites. So that means not bullish on ICLN?
Go ahead and hold. Let me know how to works out for you in a year.
😂
It should go off of total amount lost. So if you’re only investing this year was through Robinhood and you put in a principal amount of 11k and ended the year with 10k then you would be able to write off 1k in taxes. This is excluding any wash sales. If you lost money on a stock and then bought it back in less than 30 days then you can’t deduct that specific loss from your total
Hm good idea actually, thanks!
I’m just here because it says GME. In for another 5k at open on Monday you fuck.
Stop spamming ICLN you shill
**pogs** - fucked up story.. I just briefly dated the daughter of the former north american pog distributor.. how is that for poetic justice.. met her online.. spoiler- she did not look like her pictures.
I must admit to looking to the ICR conference talk as more of a bear signal due to management's somewhat boomerish lack of charisma.  Their last 2 quarterly calls were stultifying boring and I cannot see them doing much different.

I'll likely sell some CSPs if it dips to capture premium as I don't mind at all getting assigned into more long
When 5 figure daily swings ceased bothering me
Amd stock
My dad told me he took Detroit +12 and now I know which side of the family I get my autism from.
Think I'm going in for 8k shares on Monday.
So the main takeaway here is that the fundamentals of the stock look great and management seem to be competently positioning the company for takeoff!! 🚀🚀🚀 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀

In terms of the short term prospect of a squeeze in the next week or even month, what is you're guess? If the shorts were smart they would cover sooner rather than later, but i've given up on thinking they're in any way smart. I think you're a big fucking nerd 😁 (like me I think!) and would love to hear your opinion.
$ESPO is competitive gaming related names
Robinhood should IPO with a direct listing, so we get the maximum amount of speculation and price discovery. Can't wait.
Clean Energy plays you're looking at in 2021? SEDG looking pricy
How long you been holding that in chief?
When i started losing money
LEAPs and bounds better.  It's more expensive but you'll waste hours on Taxslayer if you've made a lot of trades.
[removed]
I think both are reasonable plays. I would split between the two and maximize your options optionality
🧂🧂
Vale’s landslide last week that killed one person didn’t affect the stock at all.

MT’s boom was loud but minor and didn’t kill anyone, so it shouldn’t affect the stock either.
I see we got some r/roastme candidates on board
Problem is it inly takes me one lick to get to the center! 😛
u/SIR_JACK_A_LOT you sure you don’t wanna repent of your sins and come back?
Thanks for the award u/Uberkikz11. Seriously though, I wanna fukkin double down on GME. I sincerely hope on a lil dip next week😇 then diamond hands forever
Cures aging

Board of shadowy figures buy it and take it private so they can be immortal and we can't

We make money on the take-over!
Just boofed half a kushypunch (500mg) cya on the flip bro
With very little downside risk...
Mack Weldons
WHO ASKED??? ABSOLUTELY FUCKING NO ONE GIVES A FUCK ABOUT YOUR SHIT TWITTER ACCOUNT. Ur just a fucking addict for social media attention who thinks Twitter likes determines your self worth lmfao. Gtfo of the subreddit.
I got april leaps hopefully by that time we know something
I cannot wait till all this shit is over so I can travel and figure out where I'm moving.  Lost a potential awesome girlfriend over this fucking nonsense. Fuck covid.
Trump and Mitch being a bitch as usual
I wish it started at 4:20
[deleted]
[deleted]
Those are all meme stocks. Imagine thinking they’ll create any profit. Click on your profile picture, that’s where ICLN is going.
Took a look, and I honestly don't know. Not deep in this space, but think clean energy as a sector makes sense since the market is growing and theres lots of government support globally
buy TSLA option for $22 and be a billionaire soon.
They originally offered 2.7% if I only did 10% down but I threw 50% down so they dropped me to 2% on 200k
[deleted]
He's a business man, doing business
what kinda of business? also good shit man
[deleted]
I don't know, whats the GA runoff looking like, it all rides on that
You’re saying not to hold? What’s your issue?
[deleted]
I really like the Australian Robin Hood layout
Haha that’s pretty silly to say Fauci is apolitical. He’s clearly been escorted by the left. It’s kinda become painfully obvious as science that goes against his ideology is ignored and science that confirms the ideology is propped up. I understanding discovering new information and changing stances, but how about not presenting these ideas as facts or as if there aren’t other logical actions to take. I hate politics and am really not a political guy. Look into other accredited doctors discounting Fauci, just for a different prospective. Or don’t. Just enjoy your day :) fuck politics.
Don't do this. If you smell fries then you'll want more, buy them, get more napkins, repeat. Then BAM you are fat.

MCD 202.5p Jan 15
True
>  This is red meat. USDA Choice.

This isn't just a tiny steak either, this is a whole eye fillet, the good shit. No more ground beef for GME gang, we eating wagyu.
[removed]
Yo rich guy send me 100 dollar to yolo on 0dtes at open
Best vr game, running it on oculus quest 1 w/ link (usint charging cable). Smooth enough on my rtx 2070
You’re not wrong
Need more Mark Ass Brownlee
E2: Buy moar.
So basically Okja. I’m fuckin in.
Blyat
Wtf are you on about? Just looks at PLUG ENPH FSLR in the last month. Those are all ICLN holdings
[deleted]
Humble brag
GME PLTR ICLN
[deleted]
Compelling argument. 9 rockets. It shall be done
well its ok since then if u had shares or leaps
UVXY - if interested can provide rationale
Ripple. Such trash. Glad SEC is finally cracking down
2800%*
Game changing my ass
Bored af about to pop 100mg of gummies, I need a boo and fuck this online "dating" shit especially with an android. Can't wait for  MI to open up again.
No, IV is actually tame for GME, all things considered.
Yeah checking it out right now. Somewhat new too
Oh shit oculus ? How is that bruh !
Fuck Alvin Kamara
good luck!
their economy is in crisis though, at some point they will have to let in high birth rate foreigners or risk huge population and economic crisis.
Really wish the wsb vote bot still existed
Virginia
I had my first $1m year. Feels good when I got fired from my $40k job a couple years ago and cried to my boss like a little bitch. Started a business which has done well, and did the stonks
Try sucking a yummy juicy cock bro 😎
Im thinking about buying it on Monday.
sold mine when it jumped to 134 or so

waiting until next pull back to hop back in. were pushing ath after a run up, not the best time to enter
Fuck off
If sold off then they're literally just begging for RC to insert another few inches.
Give this guy a downvote flair
[deleted]
$PLTR 🚀🚀
[removed]
Haha no worries. Thanks for all the effort you’re putting in DD for all of us!!
TIL my revenue for 2020 was higher than SPCE $238,000 (2020)

Why aren't I worth 6 billion yet?
Recovery followed by a small bull run
Fiscal conservatism is dead seems to be the philosophy on my work, pushing Roth accounts is best way to go ATM since taxes are likely to pick up in the coming years.

I mean just debt servicing, defense spending, and general welfare account for 140% of government revenue (which none of those 3 things will ever get reduced)... it's unsustainable to keep taxes this low for so long.

Don't care too much about increased taxes since it's expected, but it's pretty smart to go for Roth around this time.
LVM = not >50% portfolio into PLTR
Will I get the same taste if I use them as fapkins?
This stategy is sound. We'll see what the premarket action Monday morning looks like
Get fucked
Positions
Hmm this is actually really interesting. Maybe they were saving all the good stuff for the ICR conference instead of the ER call in Q3? Not sure. Also, you think I should go for July calls or Jan 2022 calls? I’m split right now on whether to go with July 20c or Jan 2022 25c, I have shares but I want to get some calls too
🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 

Plus one more for good measure: 🚀
Can you share some of the tickers please
Stationed there for a few years. Ladies def don’t have their “borders” closed to foreigners ;)
Puts on TGT and BAC Mijo
[deleted]
How the fuck do I get a flair on here mods? Ya cuntacular bitch.
Oh ok. We just aren’t gonna mention BTFD I guess. Buffet is huge into that one!
CELH is a sleeper,  one day people will bitch about missing it at 30 like how they do with AMZN.
Can’t wait for NIO day!!!!
☁️ software

just peep their holdings
Can you just give us some tickers you think could possibly 100x and let us lose money on some small caps/complete gambles or whatever
I’m trying to remember, were those FDs? Or was this the box spread autist? I only see puts so I’m assuming he was a yolo FD autist, there’s so much autism here I forget who did what and what their positions were
Yeah dude, this article is about how communist China is stepping in to limit futures trading because prices are going bonkers and they are freaking out. This is actually a sign that shit is popping off and China is scared. 

The story quotes one analyst who thinks ore prices will go down, but then quotes a couple others who like us think ore prices will continue to be pushed higher due to supply/demand. 

TLDR buckle up retard
🤤
Under normal circumstances that’s true. This congress expires and the bill would need to be passed by the incoming congress.
Haven’t received the official offer yet but I’m hoping 🤞🏻
You can exercise on expiry for ITMs you want to take possession of shares, depends on your broker for what the most cost effective way to go about it is. Could just conduct a trade selling the call to close and buying shares, concurrently, to pocket any minor premium still present (if not yet expiration date late in the afternoon)
The only reason I doubt any sort of rally is because marketwatch put out an article saying the 6 days after Christmas there is a rally.

Similar to when they said “sell in May and go away” and then SPY gapped up to 320’s.
Anyone in AAPL leaps here? If so what strike/date and how much you riding?
#🐷
What a life tho. Living in misery all year just to enjoy just that 1 day.
what platform is this?
Just buy the puts back at a profit, free up the cash. Sell more at a higher strike
[deleted]
This
Look at it’s holding and let me know if any of those companies even remotely look bullish.
Low volume week coming. Let's pump the tits off PLTR and all of WSB meme big hitters
My meat has less marbling. You can’t beat it.
I have a rocket full of shares and calls. If you can provide me with 8 more rockets I'll get more.
Compression shorts
Lookin like a Fallout 4 vr + edibles & ketamine type of day
Nice
Penis penis penis
I try not to remember
no clue but sht with meme energy memes like 4-5 times. in a short period.
He should be more careful with his camera when he's on his dad's boat
He's saying technical analysis is worthless.

No funds use TA, no famous managers used TA, and many traders around here tried TA at some point before figuring out it works as well as asking a magic 8 ball.

The only reason TA seems appealing is the human drive to recognize patterns, but daily stock movement is close to random. You'll be saying "but I see it!" for as long as you're willing to ignore it's not working, then you'll be like us.

Now I do use bollinger bands sometimes, but only as a quick visual reference for whether a stock has been increasing or decreasing in volatility lately so I can estimate how expensive the premiums are likely to be. There is no predictive value.
Plays for this week well I’m continuing Nio. Bft. Lazr. Let’s face it we all know Nio is not going to go under 40 again. Also. Dare I mention Callaway with an S?
It seems impossible for this not to be a horrible movie.
PLTR pleas fly again
As it is written, so shall it be!  🚀🚀🚀
e-sports will become more important, sustainable energy, we have realized how vulnerable we are so high tech health will continue to be key, the tech war with China will continue creating volatility and competition, mass migration will start to be a problem probably due to food shortages and conflicts, as such raw materials around food will cost more, inflation might throw us a shitty surprise, just to list a few...
SQ yes, but PayPal is a boomer stock
Such a high quality submission
[deleted]
According to America. Or according to Europe and rest of the world?
[deleted]
Replace r with i
I reluctantly contributed to that. I know nothing about it, but isn’t it like the block buster of video games? What makes it good
Can’t fuck with that, just can’t bring myself to do it lol.
All you need to know is pltr calls.
Need more blood.
So he is a little bit of a genius for discovering this, right?
Y’all need Jesus
Think they're stuck on lobotomy
Cheers!
ICLN for 2021-- how bullish are we?
just show us your -90% portfolio
word. buying those leaps at market open!
Sir, this is a casino
great catch! do you think this might be a sell the news type of event?  holding through the q3 earnings drop has solidified my diamond hands already but i'd prefer to avoid a repeat of that lol.
Been looking at $ihak lately but idk how I feel about low volume.
I added the Imgur link in the post. I'm an 81 year old man in a 31 year old body, that was my first time using Imgur to create a link.
Fuck that I ain’t waisting my tendy investing money on these autistic fucks. As it is they took the fg word from us. Next they will take autism away also
That is quite expensive! That's like Bay Area, CA prices. Thanks for sharing. Although, income tax will be tricky. Know anything about ex-pat taxes? Is it more/less/the same brackets as if you worked in the US?
Why are you kidding?
Does PayPal and square go up with shittycockcoin
Extinct
Mine is lol
I am so fucking board I am looking at 💩🌽 charts and starting to fomo. 😩
Got it, nice.
DFEN
Bro I bought fucking crÿp+o today I’m such a degenerate
What’s so special about clou?
Maybe Jim Cramer has some advice. Care to chime in Jimbo?
Uk and Europe stimulus went as aid to other countries to spend on missiles? Loooool clearly you don't understand the purpose of stimulus. What happened to America first?
And Gal Gadot is so overrated. Not even vin diesel wanted her in fast and furious lmaoooo
My ass not nice enough for that
The king himself. I am so grateful to have found WSB and see deepfuckingvalue’s gain porn. Going ALL IN.
Yeah.. 10% in 2 weeks is not worthy of note.. goddamn.
[removed]
Gme gme gme
USDA Choice?! no no no good sir. this is USDA PRIME!
Because it’s likely not that profitable. Tesla probably does it because they sort of have to, and once the math works out due to a critical mass of demand occurring it’ll attract the big boys who will easily undercut what isn’t really anything proprietary. 

I can go install a charge station right now and put my name on if, doesn’t mean I have any advantage in the space going forward.

There is nothing challenging about installing a transformer, running wires from that to some sort of voltage regulator, and viola a charge station is born. 

I’m not saying it’s a bad investment since greater fool theory is probably still in play here, but long term there is no way this is going to be super profitable. The real money is going to be made by the electrical contractors installing them, and by the one or two companies mass producing the equipment for as cheap as possible.
I’d say roll them over to 1/15 if you can, no matter what Monday.
r/investing is that way
I need amd to pull its head out of its ass this week. Or I’m going to lose it.
Download the NFL app and watch for free if you don’t have prime.
Easy gainz. 
Amazing backlog. 
1 + 1 = 200% in 1 year. 

Gather fellow autists & retards. 
Join in the engineering contractor adventures!
Don’t care about the economy or indexes just want Palantir and nio to go up simple as
Spy bears Wya
Fuck it 95% of my portfolio is going GME Monday.
I just noticed the GME presentation starts at 4:30. Does that give enough time for everyone at the Weedmaps after-party to get back?
Square
Got laid off.  Dumped all my severance into TD.  Started small trying to scalp TQQQ.  Discovered options like 3 days before the crash in March and 27k turned into 11k.  Was gay bear until June when I realized that wasn't working.  Decided apple was the move right before July ER.  Got lucky.  Rode it until September 2nd when my account hit 76k.  Shit came crashing down.  Sold my SQQQ hedges halfway through September 3rd for breakeven.  Next day they were worth 18k lol.  Rolled my options out.  Got fucked by IV on the way down.  Two weeks ago was down to ~5k and hated myself.  Slowly climbing back and around 20k now.  2020 has been a wild ride.
Is it too late for calls given the premium surge? Im all in shares so far.
New company that’s much bigger
Wholesome
WW84 was shit 😔

Such a low quality cliche movie.
None real alphas were g strings
What are the odds of this sky rocketing and blowing past those puts though? Sold $16 puts this week hoping to get assigned. Instead I just watched as my precious GME flew to the moon
We too obsessed with the new ticker.. **HVW**
I did a retarded DD for it. But CELH has crazy yoy growth and is on my super exclusive watchlist in my RH account titled "cant go tits up"
“GUH”
[removed]
This Russian Robinhood Fukz
“Comparison is the thief of joy” -Roosevelt
Bro just shave your asshole and make it pink and nice and make a onlyfans
If he ignores it then after ten days it becomes law.
31% the past year? Pump those rookie numbers up
I’m down 300% cry somewhere else
Betz. Up over 100% on the 25c I got
Didn’t carve the dick big enough
Watching DFV/RK's YouTube subscribers double in a day, makes me extremely bullish for GME also 2X'ing in the near term.

Merry Xmas GME gang!!!
I'm new to this. What is this trading site? I'm using trading 212 rn but its bad
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/DueRaise8630 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
No. You can roll for 3 years I believe, 3k per year. So a total of 9k over 3 years.

Edit: to elaborate, you can use 3k this year, 3k next year, and 1k the following.
Not so sure about #1.... He's got a lot of debt coming due.  Could be some real sweet loss porn coming in soon.
Xanax
Lol wow. I feel like shit with my 40% gains since August. Seems like everybody is up at least 200%
🌈🐻
The founder looks like a more successful Dan bilzerian
Damn. Yea I mined like 0.0025 coins back in 2014 and then wiped the hard drive with my wallet on it
Hope you all had a nice Christmas. 

We had a storm and had to endure the queens fucking speech and shitty 1970s comedy shows!
Classic rich people.move if you ask me?
[deleted]
Ripple and me too
Probably but the urban to suburban migration isn’t done yet. There may be a “gully” soon and that’ll increase demand. Once rates start hiking there may be a slowdown but not until then. We may walk into another mini bubble this decade.
Is that pay bump from jumping to a new company or for a promotion?
Okta
[deleted]
Google “Mark to Market” accounting. It’s actually pretty tight. Your capital losses/gains just roll forward into the next year, $3000 at a time. 

Most of these losers are gonna find out they’ve prepaid $3k of their taxes for the next 10 years and will think this was a “good move”. Unfortunately this goes for gains as well, so making it back gets even harder. 

Fair warning: I don’t know what the fuck I’m talking about, yr more retarded for having read this.
GME has only been mentioned TWO times in the last 30 min. Lame.
[removed]
Manipulation or retardation?
Ripple
shift to CLOU
Isn’t that over?
i was mining through a pool and then they just suddenly disappeared
NUTZ
You’re wrong. If he ignores it and pocket vetos. This congress expires and it would mean the new congress would have to take up a new bill.
Maximum pain on contracts expiring 12/31 is currently at $26...with like 200k call options specifically and a 2:1 call:put spread for the week...

This week will go exactly like last week.  Might bump a little bit, but will dip EOW to burn premium.  

It’s not blasting off until the call:put ratio averages down.  Until then, there’s always “next week”
Bought in (on IPOB) at $18 and not selling. iBuyer market seems pretty hot right now
When you lose the remaining 150k too he will be back asking to sleep in the basement
What’re thoughts on MT? is it just a shitty stock or is there potential?
God how much I hate gay bears.
I might be retarded but i think its the move
Dude is whisper-screaming so that the manager of the marina who's also his dad doesn't catch him on someone else's boat.
To be honest I was surprised at how hard it was to find, though. Still impressive.
I have never posted a screenshot of a successful play.. I just don't think they are noteworthy.. my biggest play garnered me about 27K but this does not warrant fanfare or any note whatsoever.    
  
It is like the women on progress pics who post about losing 100 pounds only problem is they went from 330 to 230 and are still in the Hippopotamidae family..  Just like those women should only post once they get down to 130 I feel I should only post if I have a play that brings me about 60K or more.    
  
**Yes I am throwing mad shade at those posts that show 4-5 K in gains.. that is a common swing over a day or even an hour in many of the trading accounts here and definitely representative of swings happening over 2-3 day periods..**   
  
Just like I wouldn't put a picture of my average body on progress pics I'm not going to put up some less than minor league gains on a sub filled with big dick killers.  
*thank you for reading my story*
Where did all these LVM come from? The only thing going up next year is random Chinese pharmaceutical companies that shoot up 300% in a day and $ROPE.
extra small? you must also be a fucking stick. i don't think i could fit into one of those and i'm shorter than you
It’s tempting to short meme EVs but every time I tell myself to wait a week and I’m glad I didn’t when the week is up. Options are pretty low stress if you date them far out enough. The closest I’ve done is 3 months and I exited early for a profit. I’m pretty excited to start selling calls against my LEAPS on plug. I’ll easily be able to beat my state’s minimum wage in passive income lol. All the kids our age that didn’t work their butts off on minimum wage jobs and have no interest in the stock market are really missing out. Let’s get to 100k brother 🙌🏼
[removed]
Ban.
Easy, look at Russell small caps. Stealing its thunder
Makes sense, thanks!!
[removed]
The amount of money that people and companies make is absurd
I really hope they find something to say, that blows the shorts completly out of the water. Even if I hate having to wait another 16 days until that.
Help a fellow retard and post a link 👍

Edit: wait a minute, you're talking about op's user name and not the company... My retardation is confirmed 😔
You’re in the wrong sub if you’re gonna wait 1-2 years
Etoro has Ark funds, except ARKG.
Gaddamn ofc he’s Chinese.
[deleted]
Do you only get to roll over if it was 10k?  If I had 7k can I roll 3k?
The first 15 seconds looked like a cock ngl
watch QS randomly go to 200 dollars... its like the sht that seems like done ripping doubles.
Icln
At least we get futures tomorrow.
[removed]
[deleted]
So why do 90% of the non Tesla charging stations i see now say chargepoint?
Sounds kinda 🌈
No, it’s a bear trap.
Get out of my head
Dude you need to get out of your bed and sit in front of your monitors and stare blankly all day at your negative balances and the downwards sloping charts like a regular fucking person!
$145. I would go with whatever strike has the most volume on the day you purchase.
Any DD on why big caps are not moving
Yeah, I'm worried that this historic bull run in 2020 may have squeezed out most of the gains possible for 2021/2022.
Moderna
Nice, get paid 150k to handle the finances of people who make that look like peanuts. Is definitely start skimming some off the top. GL
Nov 17 close: $360.62
Nov 18 close: $356.28

Drop of 1.2%.

You're right. I stand corrected.
Thanks man.  It’s difficult, soul crushing work with long hours but it’s tough out here in LA man
$DEEZ
It shouldn’t
Also would be dumb to try to spin a positive outlook on this past year lol
any idea why? I was actually thinking about getting in but didn't - now I am wondering if this is a dip to take advantage of
Idk but bro, it’s for the puppies ❤️
Why doesn’t he just borrow the time machine they have in the CIA department and buy calls on TSLA?
https://i.imgur.com/tTc9cKQ.gifv
It's all based on net losses, so you can only deduct your 1k loss this year with no carry forward. It would be rigged if they made you pay taxes when you're losing money lol. Source: am CPA
Didn’t we all buy $18 XL calls this week before it popped?
leason learn dont ever short AAPL , TSLA
This 3-day weekend seems more painful than others before it.
i heard they might have an ipo somewhere
During haircuts for me
What’s the movement like
It’s not gonna get filled
sweet gig man
[deleted]
Go nap
[deleted]
Tesla will miss both revenue and earning
[deleted]
Will continue to buy aggressively. Thank you.
350K USD then definitely. 350K CNY then pretty much high end new grad package from BABA. 

A decent living cost on Hangzhou, based on my experience, $4K with rent, $8K with mortgage.
which ones
[deleted]
Yeah because 75-90 year olds are always house hunting
Depends on the week
I cannot wait for RM G to hit 50 this week.  Merry xmas yall
Paws is definitely a contender to brother dude man
Standard deduction, so I guess this wouldn't even apply?
Fuck bro thats pretty smart!
Thanks man.  Tax and financial planner for celebrities, commercial real estate partnerships, and high net worth individuals
Just google it? The last time it happened was 9 months ago
Got battered lmao
Why can’t I invest in OnlyFans? 😩 the market is a scam
Fuck..... over 24 hours before the futures come out. How do I press fast forward on life?
Tax and financial planner for celebrities, commercial real estate partnerships, and high net worth individuals
You put in an order to buy at market price when it opens? Lol 😂 please tell me it’s a limit order at least
Profound.
[removed]
Getting the cars out factory means nothing 
If those are stored in company showroom
PLTR
1. He doesn’t need the money.
2. That’s a crime.
Why do I keep checking yahoo finance
Motherfucker you better sell that shit and keep it in your buying power bro i’m not playing.
They simply stop from anyone from buying or selling. Back in march we had daily triple breakers.
Ok I’m in
I bought a bunch of itm leaps last week hoping for the same lol
Icln
[removed]
Might as well free ball if your are wearing boxers
No
Thongs
Nothing else I'd rather be deep nuts in
[deleted]
Oh yeah I forgot that one. There's also HERO and ESPO in that sector.
Are you filing standard deduction? If so, don’t worry about wash rule shit as much as you are. 

This stuff is good to know before you get to that level tho, so I never discourage learning about securities accounting
Boxer briefs for sure
This is already the case.
[deleted]
Is Monday a mega-dump? Time to offload my 300% profit on ICLN 1/15 calls?
Try telling that to Mr. Margin. Bitch won't stop calling me. I'm like...stop stalking me, dude.
Lumber Liquidators!
I hope you have one of those canes that has a sword in it
Is turbotax better than tax slayer?
Where did you see the Melvin put position was rolled to jan21?
jockstrap
Boxers
$1000 to $100,000 is very doable in one year in options. You just need a few pay checks to get started. 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
We’re in danger of a government shutdown if nothing happens by cob Monday. >_<
$rope 1$ put expiry right fucking now
[removed]
What are the best clean tech ETFs?
I’m balls deep in otm calls. Looking good!!
There is never a bad time to buy more ICLN leaps
I have a real question. Is exercising options on expire the play? I’m barely breaking even but also plan on adding a few more options.
I agree Vgac calls are the way
[removed]
Scored from a cross though ... Arteta might be on to something.
Stonks go brrr
I saw, I guess I was hoping to get a watch list or something. Maybe top 3
That’s what I’m thinking
Charity starts at home
>Buy calls 3-6 months 

And, if you believe in your position, hold. 

I paper handed left and right all year because my 3 month expiration calls had a bad week, only to watch my $500 calls turn into $3,000 calls as the months went on and they got deeper itm. DQ in particular, I could have easily 10x my money this year if instead of going in and out I just held the 12/18 calls I bought from summer. 

That's basically my only plan now - buy ATM long exp calls and wait. Trying to not even check robinhood some days.
Hoping to get good at selling at the top, still working on it
boxer briefs are more grown up
they have a smoking section? If I can't smoke, I ain't going
$ROKT is better than $UFO
This is way more than confirmation bias. This is red meat. USDA Choice. I’d say well done, but I like it a little bloody. With BABA shitting itself, maybe Melvin Capital is bleeding out. 

Let’s watch them go through the seven stages of grief. They look like they’re either still in denial, or bargaining with the massive puts to manipulate price.

I’m in with 15K shares.
All the people on here go commando in sweats I can guarantee
Small compared to a lot of the crap on here
Real Estate Investment Trusts. Lot of different kinds residential and commercial. Anyway they own property that is leased out to others. Right now have SLG but will buy in other areas soon.
Didn’t know Sanskrit was still widely used. Wtf is this. Lmao just upload whatever Rh sends you and TurboTax will take care of it.
Fair enough. Love hotpot. Although in 2018, I had a job offer from BABA for $350k/yr (I didn't take it for personal reasons at the time). I'd imagine one can live very well in Hangzhou with that salary no?
Will there be 2021 summer Olympic be held in Tokyo ?
[removed]
I call mine a sinus wave
Stellar find. Thanks for the great insight, and all of your DD and contributions, Uber. It's going to be a great year for GME, the most hated and loved stock in the land. Holding strong.
What else would I do with the premium? Obviously it’s going into more shares
You ever heard of KODK and his friends there?
Why not?
$ROPE
Hold your balls Little Snowflake, it's just the weekend discussion.
What gig you rocking?
Is ARKG involved in food production as well?
[deleted]
Dude, did not you notice? He was bringing down or up the entire market with single tweet !
[deleted]
I get so sleepy after a warm shower
Boxers vs boxer briefs?
100%
Calls on cybersecurity stocks?
[deleted]
The one rule of fucking people over in the stock market is don’t fuck with people who are richer than you, just stick to fucking over the poors and there will be literally no repercussions 

if he did some crazy shit like that his fellow billionaires would turn on him and then he’d have no chance
Guess we pumping IDNA
First I was shorting spy had a bunch of 100-250$ puts. Sold those a few days into the recovery. Then I took profits, waiting like 4 months having no idea what the market is doing. Then went in on pltr calls at 12$.then took profits at 26$ish now have a few random meme stocks. Mostly waiting for the next autistic episode.
Alexa play tinted eyes
Thank you that answers my question :)
Hey fuck you
Congrats man. Whats the new gig / promotion? and what field?

Would love to increase my salary that much.
After finishing your Boeing?! How did you accomplish that /s
MARA better double
[deleted]
IDNA does
Lol “small loss”
[deleted]
Christmas must of been fun
[deleted]
Congratulations, you won the stock market game. Now fuck off.
Wait is the cardinal game not available unless you have Amazon prime
Lol so you would rather have 1/2billion to buy missiles than being spent in your own country. Stimulus weakens the dollar. Look at the bigger picture
Already in that was an early bird
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/singh_manuel the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
 [this sub in a nutshell ](https://youtu.be/0Grs_jJ5U6w)
That consistent slope upward on Visa always makes my penis feel nice
[deleted]
ARB - activity managed SPAC ETF, started about 6 months ago and up 30% to date. Seems super underrated and probably will do well as long as SPACS stay hot.
If you finish a net loss you can deduct up to 3k per year. If you had a total net loss of 10k you can roll another 3k into the next years taxes as well.
Interest rate increase. Which our saviour jpow has ruled out until 2023.

Bulls on parade
QQQJ
good job, but now is time to re val all your trades and ask - did i get lucky? if not, why not? what worked and why?

&#x200B;

the easiest trap to fall into is thinking you got it..  you probably don't within the first few years.  good luck and good gains tho
Almost as non-toxic as the Elmers glue us retards feast on
I sold my NIO cuz im gay AF and now regret it biggly.
Calm your tits white Knight, Issa play on Japan being pretty anti-immigration which is well known.
Bloomberg: China's Economy Set to Overtake U.S. Earlier Due to Covid Fallout.
https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2020-12-26/covid-fallout-means-china-to-overtake-u-s-economy-earlier

🚀🚀🚀 2028
Better have some extreme moonage after this long of a wait
Add in artificial intelligence and gene editing and I think you’re on point
Maybe you should
Why laugh at them buy puts instead I’m hoping for a happy New Years with my NKLA $13.5 12/31 P
How much did u have to put down
Upcoming contracts, state of the art manufacturing facility in LA, management team, and road map. They have $2B+ in advanced negotiations that will be revealed in January or at least within Q1. The majority of that is likely tied to the USPS contract with Work Horse, as Romeo will provide the batteries. 

Their current biggest contract is $234M with Lion Electric, and you can then compare that to price now.
Chengdu might be the place you want, Hangzhou house price is higher than Manhattan.
Can't wait to be filthy fucking rich
That premium better fund some calls/shares or our friendship is dead.
I lol'd but then there was a post Tues that said unusual bet on  TSLA 655c 12/24 so I hopped on.
PSTH
Take a look at the second picture retard
Can I stay at your place?
Lol, WSB doesn't like c.r.i.p. toes? Since when does anyone here care about anything other than if it makes gains? Who cares what it is?
GME 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀

btw going all in on this on Monday
Rip to anyone trying to understand my question, I'm confused myself
y?
[deleted]
TransUnion is retarded. There is no history of my collections/late payment accounts yet the score there is drastically lower than on Experian & Equifax even though my charged-off accounts still show up on both.
[deleted]
This is the way
[deleted]
SOGU.
Invest in some cryptos
Tax question, rh is showing a small loss overall for this year (<3000), but I've bought and sold countless times this year, do taxes go off my overall gains/losses lr do I only get to deduct 3000 from the total I've gained by swing trading, even tho I've already lost it on other trades? Or to be clearer, let's say I made 10k gains in 2020 but I also lost 11k leaving me net - 1000...do I get to deduct 1000 or do I get to deduct 3k from 10k and have to pay taxes on 7k?
Saw the movie, thought of you guys during this scene.
Tesla to miss 2020 500k deliveries but smoke Q4 earnings? I believe so...even factoring in +20% Q over Q avg, they’ll still be short. Unless more manufacturing came online?
It’s just an open order right now, I assume that it goes through when the market is open again
Bloomberg: China's Economy Set to Overtake U.S. Earlier Due to Covid Fallout.
https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2020-12-26/covid-fallout-means-china-to-overtake-u-s-economy-earlier

Buy leaps for 2028 BABA. Instant retirement.
I'm long.
Might move to Hangzhou to have a piece of the Chinese Dream.
He's not that smart
Lol. Look at stimulus of any European country. They spending on their own country health. Furlough, schools, infrastructure. Not spending on war. Trust me if they did Europeans will not stand for it. Being in lockdown and government not helping their citizen but funding war
Done speculating about 2021. Infrastructure and retail are already at ATH. All the gains now are thinking forward to ‘22 and beyond.... the less currently feasible, the better. What’s 2022-2024 USA gonna look like? I’m thinking clean energy / iGaming / open source & decentralized internet (DFINITY, etc). What you think wsb
Us can’t come down on something decentralised that’s like saying will the US shut down the moon.
They are an ev company names after a motor less boat
did u see what happened to tesla on battery day ?
Yo boy about to increase his salary from $93k to $150k w/ better benefits 👌 gonna wear my helmet and absolutely YOLO the FUCKKK on options now
How many times have you jacked it to stick figure cathie so far?
What episode is this ?

Edit s2e8 title: jimmy
check out meatspin

good video
pretty, pretty late
I think I’m gonna sell CSP at open Monday. The premium is nuts
Hail to the king!! 700 shares here reporting for duty!🚀
The silver lining to China plague's cloud.
Can't wait for my sweet sweet tendies
You out retarded the retards, for that I salute you.
Let's all be like that stock trader in 'Soul' who realizes he's wasting his life staring at tickers and charts, jumps up and slams his multi monitor setup off his desk
GME calls too
i don't know fauci's political opinions. he's served under republicans and democrats. most if not all of his statements are completely apolitical. he doesn't seem to contradict himself but changes his thoughts as he is presented with new information and developments.

but i'm always open to hear alternative opinions. i so far have yet to find anybody that i find as credible as fauci calling what he says "nonsense". but you can link me some stuff i'm completely willing to read it myself
I don’t know how to read but I’m assuming Rod just said some revelatory shit and I’m already all in but now I’m **all in.** 

Every time someone says omnichannel during the GME ICR presentation I’ll buy 10 shares.
Bears are hibernating in each other’s assholes already
How’d you do when the market is closed
Less demand for houses
Hmm, on ice i guess?
The first thing to go when people dial back. Must suck to be in that industry
Probably CORN which is corn futures and never getting delisted lmao
This is...you know the rest
Middle aged white women love to say “well that’s not stickin’” when snowflakes fall in 45 degree weather
I just think it’s a good vibe, I never questioned the genetic finger print and uniqueness of it lol
$22 is good money, grats on securing the bag
All in, 100% GME?
Yes. If you don't speak greek don't play options on GME. Buy shares and strap in.
taxes, good luck doing them as an 18 year old
A hometown buddy of mine sent me a snap of his ripple position. Nothing crazy but he did buy in around .40 and I sent him a RIP the other day lol.
Per google search I did not think that matters. However, being that your people spawned the language I will defer to your judgement. Carry on m8
Calls on Anime
feb $30
Sound like you've never been to Japan or possibly out of the US before.
I’m getting paid next week by being a wage slave cuck ; do I throw my paycheck in pltr or psth ?
Then fucking short it!
[deleted]
When I think of your average WSBer I imagine

- zoomer
- laying on couch
- future - jumping on a jet, blasting in background
- spends two minutes blindly buying TSLA calls
- goes on his hinge and changes occupation to “day trader”
- goes on Instagram posts an inspirational quote picture with a luxury car in it
- tells all his friends he is an investing genius
- they ask him for trading advice about a ticker
- he’s never heard of it
- “just buy tsla calls dude”
bruh disney puts? I was wondering how the MMs are still making money... I guess now it makes sense....
Fuck yes 🚀🌕
If someone wants to sell air-in-a-can, what can/should they do?
Ice cream maker for me. I like to eat it, not churn it
Nah fuck the car
What were your Positions?
If you weren't a tiny dicked retard, you would have already done it. But, yes you have a chance to redeem yourself!
Peoples from ML call and leave me messages about margin call; I don’t pick up.  They can’t even come to my house coz I changed address on my account. Can’t imagine how pissed they are haha
50/50 isn't a bad idea, also wouldn't hurt to look at the smaller ones like HIVE and BITF
Amnesty for 40 million illegal aliens during the Biden administration makes housing look BULLISH.  Demand for housing will outstrip ability to build them for a while.
This is why we should buy calls on ark funds
[removed]
What’s that?
$GAMR - Video game focus, high $GME percentage tho
Ah the trump strategy, i like it
Aid package to buy missiles?
Absolutely. Conspiracy theories aside, management is heavily incentivized to pump the price before any prospective proxy push. 

God I fucking love alliteration.
Considering getting married. Good idea or bad?
Homie gonna lose some kneecaps
No such thing as some GME, only ALL.
Mind=blown. All hail.
Yes
Showed this to a friend, turns out this was her dance teacher way back lol
And unwanted kids
All of em. Feb, Apr, July ‘21 $25-32
"Chinese Authorities probe Alibaba over monopolistic practices..."

Xi probing Jack.
we are not gonna have this discussion unless you say it
How many boyfriends does your wife have??
Sooo all in with shares?
“If you want to be a Millionaire, start with a billion dollars and launch a new airline.”

Richard Branson
That one shit corn is getting delisted. IG “gurus” were bragging about how it’s going to $10 next year. 🤡🤡🤡
[deleted]
Who is “they”?
19
Absolute fucking shame to you for not listing $UFO and $YOLO. Now those are meme ETF's WSB could get behind
Jack ma crossed the ccp
All of them?
everyone's online
Just bought a house last week with 2% interest on my mortgage so it’s definitely a good time to shop
[deleted]
Started in 1997 when stock trade commissions were $30 each way and I had to pay a fee for each real time quote.  Put 10k in over the next two years. My account dropped to $3.5k and I decided I was going to lick my wounds and cash out when my vacation was over.  Was holding only one stock, CD Now, and by the time I got back my account was at $14k.  The internet bubble had begun. Quickly hit over 70k holding 140k worth of various internet stocks on margin.  The bubble burst but at the time it looked like a buy the dip scenario.  Cashed out at 10k - exactly where I started.  Didn't trade again until last year when I rolled my 401k account from a previous employer into Etrade.  Roughly 80% is in mutual funds and the rest is my "play" money.  Thinking we were at bottom 4 or 5 times during the Feb/March selloff, I kept buying calls that expired worthless. Did catch a few stocks on the ride back up putting me back in green.  Discovered WSB about 3 months ago and now own some of the "meme" stocks.  Played with calls but only hit twice out of 20+ attempts.  Overall did fairly well growing $250k to $430k since May 2019.
Not much IMO. but should shred the nursing home makret.
“Japan closing borders to foreigners” 

Lol Japan always has its borders closed to foreigners ;)
Yes
Which ones have dirt cheap options
I just bought 30 shares of GME, can someone tell me how pretty I am?
Hey you little shits Uber posted a thing you better damn well read it
so you're saying it'll either go up, hold steady, or go down
Underrated comment
What a loser!! Stop trying to fit in and just be yourself
[deleted]
SEC suing the parent company
Dear diary
Oh I see, idk I’m not amazing with all this retail stuff but that’s just what I think about GameStop. Thanks for the insight! Btw I’m talking about Jan 2022 calls rather than 2021, you’d say July over Jan 2022 is a better choice?
No hate at all just saying it’s a generic kind of vibe is all. I fuck with his music
I live in Vegas
Same. Well I had calls that I sold that got taken away. But going to drop back in
Could you please expend on your recondite analysis?
[deleted]
LETS FUCKING GOOO
You should look into ‘experts’ that don’t share the same political opinion as you. It’s pretty common knowledge that government appointed medical officials are bottom of the barrel. Fauci contradicts himself all the time. Many, many doctors and scientists all over the world (including from the WHO) have spoken out about the nonsense that Fauci spews.
Why do people say there are no mods here you can see them by clicking about and scrolling down. There is like 20
Nio day soon 👀
It’s good to reflect on the market. Get a mew broker. This shouldn’t be an issue. Do they want you to wait the 5 days for settlement before you open a new position? That’s ridiculous.
We had a slight a slight pullback on Thursday tho
Started with 2701, now at at 4600. Got TSLA at 387.

Saving for Starlink dump.
I'm just getting caught up, why did BABA absolutely shit its lil Chinese pants?
https://twitter.com/elonmusk/status/1342512194383007745?s=21
Ever heard of a beautiful thing called MARGIN ?? 🤡
Isn’t Deja Vu just a chemical release or momentary seizure in the brain that makes you think that you have already experienced what your experiencing. IMO that is more trippy than thinking you accidentally saw the future and only realized you did when it actually happened. I was on a “I am god” trip once and it led to depression thinking everything around me was a figment of my imagination. Reality is so fragile and its fun to dabble in psychosis but when temporary turns permanent, you may not have even realized it. Nothing but the objective is 100% truth. Tldr; tread lightly.
All these GME posts 😍 I love it.

GameStop going towards becoming market leader in the gaming industry.
Just FYI, you're not banned from trading entirely. You just can't trade with ***unsettled*** cash.
We’ve been averaging ~2500 deaths per day for the past month. How does it change things for the housing market for the next year
OMNICHANNEL
Only thing I will say is odd time you may see commas for decimals if the language is French. But clearly its not in this case.
I dunno who Russ is but dunno why ppl here hate on him. He’s got talent, seems likeable, doesn’t seem like a scumbag. I dunno what more people here want lol an onion with many
Layers maybe
3250s
Anyone else have people get them these Christmas gifts that require so much fucking commitment and then they follow up with you to see how you’re using it. Like just give me a fucking shirt I’ll never wear I’m not trying to have another fucking job
I was thinking of jumping in some RYCEY I feel like it has to eventually pull itself out of this rut
Great post and great update. You know, as much as we all shit on Sherman and management, all their incentives here are to get with the program on the scope of GME’s transition and start producing value for shareholders—especially now, in the short term, with Cohen pushing them and threatening to make a big move. 

Would be really nice if the “incumbent” Sherman started working really hard here to buy all our votes with some great news timed perfectly to fuck up our beloved shorts and their apparent expectation that they’ll be able to foment and then reverse momentum in Jan with those puts.  Should be fun to watch what happens here soon. 🚀
[deleted]
I have no idea how to comprehend this. Should I or should I not get bitchcoins?
Europe here, we’re all outside looking through the window of you lot gathered around the STICmas tree.
stimmytalksnotgoingwell.exe
all in Ipoc Ipoe and Ipod
I know the move of GME at the Tech Session. They are cutting all ropes to sony and microsoft to cooperate with KFConsole!!!11 iam in🚀. Take me to HD 32518🚀🚀

Edit: wow. My First Award from a Legend retard for a shitpost.
 U r really retarded. Thank you u/uberkikz11

E2: what can i do with this shit? Buy more GME?

E3: Guys? U r fucking kidding, aren't u? Cmon, i mean Platin?

E4: i read my Post, dunno, 20 Times? Its not that funny. U r fucking retarded. Platin, lmao.
Let's call it what it is. I'm a retard playing UNFI. To the moon!
I think I can get banned on this sub even without mods lol
Been trading Iron condors on NVDA for a while now... do we expect there will be a jump? Cus i dont want to get burned.
Oh gotcha. Thanks!
the fuck is newspeak?
Reminds me of how you make $1 million opening a restaurant: Start with $2 million.
[deleted]
question is how long until the next stimulus....
No youtube rewind this year. They're scared of getting downvoted. Pussies.
You guys really think the US Govt won't come down on that shiny internet token?
GME is now a tech company.

Big green tech sized dildos coming soon to a market near you.
[deleted]
Guh
I'm british
More and more people are feeling a correction coming in January/February, including the great Cathie Wood.
What is that ?
Idk what you’re talking about. My bags are in the green
November 17-18? -1.2%
Well, at least RH doesn’t do that. They cause losses and screw up other ways
Just don't buy weeklies.
I’m out of the loop...is this youtuber roaring kitty u/DeepFuckingValue ???
[deleted]
What expiry/strike for ICLN?
Someone give me GOEV DD
Just classic Guh-reatness. Thanks for the reminder to start 2021 on the right foot.

Make America Guh-reat Again
grats
no star wars film this year? pff
At least he’s verified his phone and email
Someone to buy our heavy bags?
You are aware that Canada has a generous rent subsidy for companies hit hard by COVID, right?

Again, its about the opportunity. I am not arguing cineplex is JPM run by Jamie Dimon. I'm just saying there's a great opportunity here risk-reward for those who have a stomach for risk.

The financials are relatively sound and certainly sound enough to minimize any risk of insolvency, etc.

If you don't like CGX, that's okay.
Started in Jan. with $130k, just under $400k today.
It’s the market cap under 1bil
All in, 0, double 00
Plan B you can always just abandon your home and go live in your local park
His dad going to find him and put 2 holes in his leg.
Exactly lol like not even 400% increase. This guy just got himself banned hopefully.
[removed]
I think you’d be surprised how many kids are here investing with either their parents’ money or their college loans.
Both but if you dont have much, leaps are the way
I mean they sure do have gravity on their side tho....
yea if were being honest i still have no fucking clue how the margin shit is calculated between the MntMgn, ExLiq, SMA, and Buying Power. But  I just know its the cheapest margin so whatever Ive learned the hard way to keep all the numbers positive.
It brought tears to my eyes...... thank you.
Censor\*  
Unless you're on the Enterprise scanning for tachyon particles.
they suck now but they historically the most successful division with the most super bowl wins 

year after year people say an NFC north will turn it around and it never happens
Beggars can’t be choosy.
You don't belong here.
test
Yea it's my Twitch stream Merch. Thank you for that compliment! Which one did you think was funny? 😂
Ah lawd, pls
Both, dummy.
both
Good one, come back when you can actually understand jokes
Amazon goodthreads. They fit well, im 5'7.5 and the extra small are super snug. Highly recommend if they haven't changed the style. Many solid colors and I wear them with jeans, such an easy clean combo.
Been waiting with my picanic basket for awhile now
It feels good not being the only retard 🤪🤪
As someone with 15,000$ in collections I can confirm
5k up in 1 month..idk why u so mad about..it ok, i was once broke aswell..
I’ll grab some off open
No
YOLOing that extra unemployment benefit.
Tons of big boy buying the past couple of weeks. Billions of dollars worth... and AMZN isn’t a ticker you see a lot of big buys on typically. Looking forward to this coming week!
Its easy... Just pretend its a game and red means buy more green means yay.. dont sell
COST calls
Trust funds are for dumbass poorrich families. True G’a have credit cards that you don’t know what they’re linked to
Bring back WSBVoteBot plz thx.
Fucking a way to go bro
Riot or Mara or 50/50?
ARKG leaps or shares?
I'm still picking up the shards of my mind being blown.
[removed]
Just fuck around, 1k isn't life changing money. The big thing is to add to your portfolio every paycheck. Also, if you get into options I would open 2 accounts. One with options activated and as a play/gambling account. Another for long term investments/shares without options activated.
Selling calls on fart.
Haven’t looked much into plug. I also haven’t done anything more than a couple hundred bucks with options. Once thcb gets them, might mess around with some calls. Maybe QS puts as a battery play hedge.
I was looking at the one from Alpha Lion earlier. Ingredients look solid
I’m referencing the announcements they said they’d make in Q1. Hope they have something big lined up.
$FART
Calls on GOEV
Buy today. Today.

Tomorrow is always up.
[removed]
It was a done deal between the house and senate but ever since Mitch congratulated Biden on winning the election, Trump has been pissed and decided to fuck with Mitch.
1.5% + Benchmark (which is basically 0%). https://www.interactivebrokers.com/en/index.php?f=46376

And if you're an actual high roller, it can go below 1%.
You dirty wh...beautiful slut.
Pump and dump.
Don't think you can until market open and it could run up a decent amount by then. I'd just buy shares
[deleted]
What was 2020 then?
u/vredditdownload
Congrats man $22 is much better than most entry level spots
[deleted]
[removed]
Dumb white sluts are the backbone of the American economy now it seems (PTON). Invest everything
[deleted]
4 fucking rockets??? Let’s gooooooooo 🚀🚀🚀📈📈📈
[deleted]
1 Attachment: biggreendildo.jpg
Get the shotgun
I count two accounts. u/Uberkikz11 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
or just open up for one hour in the middle of the night every night. like 2am when the bars close
Youll be rich
Fart
Why can't I say the names of SPACs in the comments? I thought they got rid of that rule.
[removed]
political? he's served and has been recognized by both sides as essentially the top mind in the medical field. seems very non-political, rather straight up scientific. the AIDS epidemic is probably touted as a failure the same way coronavirus pandemic has been. With the government largely bungling the whole thing and fueling the public's mistrust in the scientific community, but then eventually ending up with stuff like this (from wikipedia, more specifically the new yorker):

>Kramer, who had spent years hating Fauci for his treatment of the HIV/AIDS epidemic, eventually called him "the only true and great hero" among government officials in the AIDS crisis
This man said “the heck with them” wtf...

Tsla 500p 12/31
Is that your SoundCloud rap merch site? Lol. Some of that shit is actually funny tho
Do you mind explaining.  Why can't they just go to market and purchase?
Let me guess, Apple care support?
This also shows that when you have 1k people in board to pump the stock, some of them are not doing that by mistake.
Acquire Wendy’s and turn it into an EV company with EV charging at each location.
Its a stock hit hard by covid, yes. Take another look.
Pleas ban/delete this post
[deleted]
[deleted]
Please leave Jesus out of this
You skipped Wendy's, nice 👌
[removed]
[deleted]
[deleted]
Journalists are the scum of the earth.

Most of them are 20 something morons who majored in it due to some kind of dumbass youthful idealism, and carry that into their job, criticizing everything as if they were experts on it, even though their only experience in the world has been getting brainwashed in their parent-paid “education” at some shit lib college.
Already has contracts with UPS and hyundai
route it to my bank account
[deleted]
Bears, ww84 is just a movvie. Your wishes don't mean shit
Nice
Thanks for the suggestion. Will check out
Damn maybe hit up u/controlthenarrative with that advice 😂
Hmm. Investing amount and buying power are the same.  Is robinhood 100% commission free that if you exit all your positions to be only cash you'll end up with exactly the reported unrealized gains?
Congrats
Likely see a pop wed or thur with the stimulus bill
I think he does some but he’s not like a Russ kind of dude that does everything. I know he’s worked with jetsonmade on what’s poppin and Scott storch on Tyler herro
What are your options plays on psth? I'm in for around 150k on shares. I made out great on your prpl plays
Well you can tell I don't use helmets then
u/savevideo
You were on WSB without a job? Lol
There is usually a dip after earnings as people sell out of the stock. So im betting it will take a few days. Or even a week.
$28 3/19/21 all in
It’s technically legal but mostly frowned upon around here
Thought you were a retard until I saw you’re all in on $UNFI. To the moon brother.
Appreciate the info!
None I know of. 

There’s desires for an Apple partnership, which wouldn’t be stupid tbh, just unrealistic at the moment.
BABA bounce coming.  Only question is when...? 🧐
This happens with every SPAC.
I still cannot believe they are the same person :o 😂
What are your thoughts on Grimble (TRMB)? I already know I'm going big long, just want to hear your input.
I know I can always count on you Tren
Oh shit was it towed again?
[deleted]
ahh gotcha ya I was thinking of the wrong thing. Good point ya will definitely take advantage of backdoor roth ira thanks
Have you seen the NFC east
Damn what a shame.. I say buy online then, that’s basically what I always do anyways! Covid might delay it but yolo worth the wait
Well to give you some background I started late summer with 10k and am currently at 40k after withdrawing money for taxes. I did that by exclusively following Plug Power and experimenting with options. I’m still very bullish and Im all in on $25 calls 1/2023. I’m expecting some big news in January including a backup power contract with Microsoft and hopefully some on road expansions. But if it shoots up like crazy I told myself I’d cash out when I hit 6 figures so I’m keeping my eyes out for other plays.
50% ROI in 2 months is making money. If you repeat that every 2 months for a year you'll have like $11k. If you repeat that every 2 months for 2 years you'll have over $100k. If you repeat that over 3 years you'll be a millionaire.
[deleted]
Lucky brand soft af
[removed]
i trust that my funds will be non-existent if i keep buying weeklies
Disney 175 calls. Whatever date you wany
AAPL? Lol
[deleted]
I have Swift and Jones on my starting lineup in the championship game I’m fukkkked
I remember than in markets outside US were very popular Adibas jump suits and Nice sneakers. Calls on Nikola 😅
[deleted]
YA BOY JUST GOT A JOB, I KNOW $22 AN HOUR AINT SHIT TO THE VAST MAJORITY HERE BUT TO ME ITS A COME UP.
where did you find out about eagle
Or the fact that the percent doesn't match up.  Dude sucks at investing, photoshop, and math.  Going from 500 million to 1.7 billion isnt 10000% or whatever lol
Does she have clothes on
Fuck you and your gains
Eat beans, drink coffee?
Ah okay yeah I knew earnings were march which is why I thought April was wierd. Could definitely take time to actually kick off and play out I suppose.
Looks like a good time to buy, it’s returned to its natural growth line pattern.

I have nothing in CRM, but MGNI instead, should should make some good cash as it returns to an upward swing after New Years
We need zjz back
I wouldn't go looking for that RV of yours if I were you.
I just want bill Ackman to acquire a fucking company already
Well I've got a 230/250/260 butterfly for February so you're not far off from my move.
Bless up you retard, see you on the moon

260C 3/21
What? 😉
sir, this is a casino 🎰
Had Jones and Swift on my starting roster in my fantasy championship. Looks like I’m not winning any tendies today
GME
GeneStop
She had some catchy pop songs but I’m sure swag helped
Thanks
🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Wait what are your positions? Did you just tell me you bought land in Argentina??
Any rumors on which companies?
By definition.
[deleted]
What are REITs? Are they a stock or what's up with them and why are they good?
Just got 1k on Christmas money. What’s the bets YOLO play 👀
To eat it or turn it into liquor?
Lmfao you fucker
Yeah but without swag she would never be famous
Nah, you are fine. If you bought 30c weeklies, that would be retarded.
SANTA

CLAUS

RALLY
RIOT and MARA is cool too.
2 12/31 3280c and a few shares YOLO. Down thousands on those options because I bought them a week ago but I really thought the stock would go up in anticipation of the news. Guess it’s only going to after!!
The more you know. Thanks
At least your self aware? 


The one thing this tells me is that you should never even think about trading options. You can't figure out bears and bulls, then delta/theta/IV are gonna fuck your little world up!
🤑🤑
[deleted]
Market pleas open again
Rihanna was sexy in that rude boy video she just has a big forehead
Literally 0 catalyst coming up by 12/31 to make it magically “moon.” Those calls are furnace fuel.
[deleted]
What helped me was putting my phone and its charger in the kitchen ( I lived in a small 1 bedroom apartment). Its super annoying, but it really forces you to wake up, drink a glass of water, etc. There are also some apps that won't allow you to turn off the alarm until you scan a QR code that you print and tape somewhere like your bathroom.
Azn vaccine is set for approval by the UK in the coming days. They're behind moderna and pfizer but since their vaccine is so cheap it will be the one most of the world ends up using.

But the vaccine is not why I bought. They're a very profitable company. This dip is due to their recent aquisition. I see huge upside in the next few years.
I hate the fact that this autist has 10000 and doesn’t do anything in this bull market, I’m a dumbass and turned 1100 to 2100. Imagine if I had your capital?
Sounds more political than medical, besides wasn't the initial response to the aids epidemic touted as a failure?
Started with 15,000 in August and now at 25,000 - Tesla, PLTR, SPCE, SBE have all been incredibly kind. 

Aim is 50,000 by end of 2021.
I am 50/50 GME/ARKG lol
Ugh just want GOEV partnerships announced already ffs😫
Lol they’re not bad plays at all man it’s just an echo chamber in here sometimes
[removed]
I yield. I know when I’ve been bested
Damn bro you could’ve worded it better
God speed 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
POSITIONS: Mix of SPY, AAPL, and TSLA calls/puts. Last run up were a few PANW calls. All plays were FD’s. Not holding any current positions.
Lol he just seems like a chill fun guy and he does have good songs. And doesn’t he make beats too?
[deleted]
🤣
I count six rockets. Approved.
Bless you brother
Kfc has a console with a built in chicken warmer, anything is possible in 2020 my fellow retard
GME 🚀🚀. Loving this confirmation bias before I go balls deep on Monday
Mods get sensitive when you have them by the balls. 

I promise not to release the pics of the mods, knee deep in each others shit, gargling and poking that shit in each other eye sockets.
It feels like a community of the female version of incel to be honest.
[deleted]
What is life like now for you
Define good lol
Vibe is super important otherwise why is Rihanna so hot
BB 12/31 150C
Oh motherfucker
Shorting this... HAHA JUST KIDDING GME APRIL GANG  SINCE AUGUST FREE LAMBOS moonemoji moonemoji moon emoji
Banana republic luxury touch when on sale
Ah gotcha, not my area of expertise but curious to see where you net out
https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kj47ik/bezos_always_blesses_after_amazon_sales_numbers/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share
???? Idgaf??? I want tendies!!!!! REEEEEEEEE
It’s because he’s so relatable. Everyone knows like 7 guys that are just like him. He’s like the quintessential high school weed dealer and you fuck with it because it feels so familiar
Using T-Mobile is how I got here
Here I was thinking I had a unqiue portfolio, but you just memed 2 of my 4 biggest positions
ple
You can notice by the 7’s not being level, that it is altered
Are you winning, son?
[removed]
it's an old code but it checks out
*Cries in Chicago Bears
Convincing. But retarded. Gasoline cars are a bomb, too.  It is exactly that, a simple solution. Absolutely no reason it can't work, for example see Plug Power and their vehicles that use hydrogen. Amazon and Walmart use their vehicles. Not to say NKLA isn't a scam, they have absolutely no product or designs, but hydrogen vehicles is absolutely possible.
Bro wtf you know that any “day” like that for companies turns out shit right? Look at battery day and apple day.
Just like uninstalling Robinhood to get rid of margin calls. So easy
Yes
Personally I think it’s leveling out after some insane overbuying. Should probably go lower but you never know these days
Why
If a retard buys FDs in his moms basement and doesn’t post about it on WSB, are his gains even real?
quickdraw and numbers are basically fds
Go fuck yourself
Holy shit wow
If there are LVM/HVM then there are LVF/HVF.  If the chicks in r/femaledatingstrategy expect to be treated like queens then they better be treating their man like a king.  Lmfao

All of life is a paradox.
Me, sitting here knowing damn well i aint ever gonna see gains like that
Trade bitchcoin options and find out
Somebody give me some DD
1.7M and you still got shitty ass T-Mobile
I feel like the person who blows up their account is less likely to post it.
The man himself has fucking graced us and spoken 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀
Lmao no analyst has a clue as to what could bring down the bull cock of SPY in 2021, I love it.
Wrong lol
This is kind of like saying: 

“No one goes to bars anymore with friends, we have liquor stores...” 

Or “no one goes to restaraunts anymore, we have shit like blue apron, grocery stores, and YouTube...” - less so I suppose labour and save time. Paying for environment is a wash.
I’m glad highlighting “neither company is profitable” from a NYT article is enough to make a shit fucking post.
In you ain't got some shitcoins you ain't black
Yeah they help with confirming price action. I'm a newbie so any advice would be appreciated, but your comments seem all pretty vague
No
God damn you fking bought 13 of em
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/SuperInsane13 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Up 38% on the year, was up 72% at one point
Yeah, this is the only bad news for $BA in the last year, huh?
Interesting take, my bull cock is getting larger.
Well July calls won't have any theta burn in them so I recommend them over Jan and Apr.

As for dropping B&M completely, and it might be my age talking, but Gamestop is a swapshop to me. You went in for two reasons: 1. to sell or swap a thing for another thing and 2. to discover something random in a bin. Unfortunately we have not done a great job of manufactuering 1 or 2 in an online setting and while I think that maybe GME can pioneer 1 algorithms tend to not be able to be written to cover point 2. 

You'll never "discover" anything new again. It's kind of like reading Moody's vs. going to WSB; you don't discover new stocks here, not really, instead you just coalesce on other people's discoveries but the question is where do you go to get the frontier news and be a first adopter? That is kind of where I'm at.
[removed]
This is sexy I like the comma in your % 🥴
1/15 1 call thats goin guh rn
Only enough to understand Rammstein :D
Step sister!
Lol
I don’t even care about losing tendies, just don’t like seeing the bears celebrate. Unless the celebration ends with a huge green dildo.
Actually starved long ago, buried nicely under the snow.
Will tsla retest 690?
nfc north is such a dreadful division
Link to DD?
It’ll move up eventually but the timing is a bitch
I’m a new retard in trading and bought my first option, they’re for icln 26c for April 2021 but my break even is 31 is that bad?
[deleted]
So basically what you're saying is that both are filthy money crazed horny animals. Ah, never mind, it actually checks out.
Check out places like cafe press. they make graphic tshirts but prob have a good selection
Bleach Tie dye? Then I’d have to start smoking weed lmfao
If only state lotteries sold FDs in vending machines, then maybe that guy I just saw spend $200 on scratch offs might win something
You are right but it doesn't fit the narrative of this thread so you are going to be ignored.
Lol you definitely work or support them. They seem like a knockoff of flow / cheddar / blackbox.  Thanks for the confirmation. :D Have a great holiday.
How’d Warwick get a Bloomberg terminal to fit in a kitchen without taking up all the counter space?
Rest easy
Yeah that was dramatic lol they’re just not what I’m looking for. I’m looking for nice nice shirts. I got t shirts that hold up real well but the details suck. Material, fit, little details like stitching. Want to get a few real nice ones.
That's not fun.
Wow this guy is the GOAT retard
Pretty much
Steel factories don't explode.
It went up from 150 to 230 within a month or so wtf you talking about.
Keep going dude
Stared with 4500 6 months ago and now I am at 2000. All of the losses happened in the past 2 weeks. Lesgo
Read some books
Yeah as long as you live in one otherwise it’s mortgage fraud. An FHA loan will work on a building up to 4 units.
Create small goals. As for working out my goal is to go for a small jog and get some push-ups in. Whenever I feel bored I do it. It’s a lot easier than telling yourself you’re gonna take on the world tomorrow which you’re not.
Sunday bulls: fuck sell at open
what if you just get any comfortable shirt and then pour bleach all over it
Think so. Not selling until 2021 anyway so I can defer taxes on gains
I came here to say this.

Gg duude you are inspiration.
It doesn’t matter. 

Indicators alone won’t give you shit.
[removed]
Coke & hookers if he keeps this up for another couple years
Lol why’s he basic he got good vibes
Blood green
BABA 240 EOD Monday or I go $ROPE
It may be a stupid question but it is relevant in this discussion.  If you think a tech / field is going to be more relevant in 20 years than it is now it's probably worth putting something into.  That is exactly why I have my money in ARKK and not in individual genomics stocks, some of them won't exist in 20 years, some will.  

I can't speak to anyone else's tendencies when it comes to long-term plays, that's on that individual.  I prevent myself form self-sabotage by keeping a % of my funds for meme / short-term plays and the long-term stuff doesn't move (except for rebalancing in some very specific instances).  

The only thing I'm stating with certainty here is that omics technologies and the inclusion of AI in all aspects of research is happening and will continue to happen.
WSB provides ugly tards the same validation hot chicks get on Instagram. Easy as fuck to get addicted to that
Teach me your ways.
Lol why ?
Just start with $500,000,000 and you can do the same.
Annoying wife.  Puts.
I'm curious...what does your DD consist of? For a company like $TSLA. What due diligence is needed to justify its price?

&#x200B;

Edit: FYI, I am a retard looking at people's gains, not putting any effort in my own life. Despite all the time I have available, I am unable to do anything productive.
Link pls? I want to laugh!
*1.7 billion on RH using Metro lmfao
Please fly again
Bullish as shit on GME but if you don’t think they’ll be a slight pullback to cool off RSI then you’re truly retarded. Have to hold $20 and if we can then we’ll 🚀 to $23-$25. If not I expect we revisit $18-$19.
He didn't become a millionaire pissing $70 a month for Verizon. Source: I have Verizon, not a millionaire.
I fully get your point. The unique situation is that say reddit, ryan, all of us all have 100 shares between us. To get to zero shorts, they have to buy 300 shares. Can't paperhand what you don't have to give. That's assuming the numbers are correct.
Ban for answering 

But also thanks
Stonks only go up until I YOLO into them 😔
Clearly this is altered.. the dude has 1B invested using robinhood app.. please ban this imposter
[removed]
Hahah fake af
Same her
Earnings for the fourth quarter 2020 will drop March 25 2021. A positive earnings report then could trigger the squeeze. Late March/early April is when we should see it happen, if it happens at all.
I’m scared bears are gonna feast Monday 😭
Lions getting obliterated
Just drew a picture of cathie wood on my new white board I got for Christmas!!
Tons of buying in December. None really in November... so definitely an uptick on institutional/big guys buying. Lots of 4/16/21 52.5c, 4/16/21 55c. 2.8MIL block of 1/15/21 22c came through this past week. Typical orders are 200k or less. Something’s cooking...
im not really looking for a certain price right now, im just going to hold it for a couple of months and sell cause im looking at other stocks right now, i might just sell before election day tbh
His goal is to make 1 million, so you’re not wrong
Yay
What movie is this.
You think? Literally been wearing mine everyday since March and they are holding up fine.
Yeah I was thinking about them but I’m not really a fan of their color palette usually but I’ll check
Makes me wonder how many glorious yoloing retards are just out there blowing up accounts both ways without us ever knowing

Kind of like the tree falling in the forest
Fuck CRM such a fucking bitch of a stock.
ban
Yup exactly
Nice job man. Always nice to see someone here succeed. Fuck you!
Well, if he's ready to upgrade his cassette collection I guess CDs are ok. But my Walkman skips too much. As for bars...fuck if I know. Like I said, been out of the game a while, but it used to be all about bars, and the right ones at the right times were like playing dating on Easy Mode. 
Now sit back and let me tell you what other things were like when I was younger...
Yeah?
I think that pot is going to have its time it’s just a frustrating forever trade hard to time it with all the
Legal legislation going on
Beautiful Giant has good quality blanks.

Also, ban.
Hmmm I’ll check it out
Going to go broke chasing the feeling of another 20x play
Well i used to agree but brand does matter for quality. Idc about the brand itself but I do want a shirt made out of nice material that will last a long time, and most importantly the fit has to be spot on. Old navy sells shirts to fit a refrigerator box lmfao
21
. decimals 😪
Not going to
i am still salty as fuck when they stole my small amount of coins many years ago
Poors use tax as a reason to not make any profit, like how they dont wanna earn more money because they would be in a “higher” tax bracket
If he was here he would have lost the other half trying to recover his losses
its emojis in the title fucking moron, go buy SPY and fuck off wsb
One of us
For fucks sake time for capital preservation. Continue to yolo $1-2K though, it’s a requirement.
Can you share what indicators you're using then?
Truly belongs here
Fidelity offers a BrokerageLink where you can do up to 90% of your 401k/RSP. No options though.
There’s no value in these shitty screenshots of articles and tweets. OP couldn’t even highlight four words. Retard can’t even color within the lines.
[deleted]
Altered image lmao. Commas all the way through the numbers,no cents. Ban.
I m planning to sell this week, the question is how long do I hold
Yay!!! Unbanned. 

Was so fucking bored. Took a trip to Nashville and got fucked up. So much fucked I even left my ride there.
Are y’all ready for post tesla earnings
You still have time to delete this
Lemme borrow your shares
Well when you start at $.0001 each it’s pretty easy to become the best performing. It was created form nothing any gain is almost infinite. If Apple was ever worth just $1000 total then it would be the best performing. Seems you don’t full think things to the conclusion
Shit quality tho
26
Surely I can't be the only one in AY, right?
I’m not using bb nor rsi
Lol shit says 10,311,313% return. Yeah OKAY
Lol what is this shit
What, you don’t speak German? Well I guess all of us can’t be brain geniouses
[removed]
Four days til end of year. -62k ytd. Hope of epic comeback fading. Where’s my participation trophy?
[removed]
Damn that’s too bad. Used to have a local place here that sold their own design and it was like thirty bucks but they’re long gone too
Thanks for the DD on Canada
Gay
i mean for one those titles aren't easy to get so that should probably be enough to earn him some credibility.

but the guy has served every president since reagan, was pretty kay in developing our understanding of HIV/AIDS, earned a presidential medal of freedom from george w bush (among many other awards i'm sure).

he's probably one of the most referenced and respected medical professionals of all time
Am i autistic or is that a billion? fuck you!
what you think about MJ etf
You should check out Parler.
He's just reading the brown tea leaves in the porcelain bowl 💩 🚽.
Yes
Positions or ban, bitch
Well, these are the Chicago Bulls and russkies' vodka-balalaika gay bears. Pick your side.
Reasonable pt for gme this week?
Lmfao
No
stimulustalksnotgoingwell.exe
Yes I knew from 2008 once the federal
Reserve is behind the markets then buy everything don’t fight the fed !!!
Bro you got $1.7 mill and still using Metro by T-Mobile.
It's super common though so the chances of self fulfilling prophecies should be higher.

What other indicator would you suggest to pair Bollinger Bands with?
Ya gotta check the hubris or hubris check you and always assume MM manipulation as a metric.
Oh its soooo cute!!!!
THAT is the thing killing this sub? It's been dead for closing on a year already and it had nothing to do with boring memes.
Showed a friend options in August

His first options trade is 7k worth of AMRN calls

Loses it all within 2 weeks

Takes his account from 45k to 20k between September and December trading options

He sees something on twitter about C R I S and buys 6k worth of calls (with a 20k account mind you)

Those calls 23x and his account is now 160k

Not sure he’s ever heard of WSB, but he belongs here
[deleted]
Roger that 🚀
pOSiTioNs oR bAn
Positions
Very true for me. You learn a lot about yourself trading. Learning my vulnerabilities,  and where and what drives my to make irrational moves has been helpful and its really in front of my mind every time I'm in front of the computer now.
[deleted]
Ban
Arkg leaps/shares
>rammsteinenpumpernickelenmuskatnuss

this...what?
Lol they have warrants
Same, and then the imaginary overwhelming pressure I created shuts me down
Day after Christmas so everyone stuffed and enjoying their shit
You can buy stocks for Them. Most broker offer kids Accounts.
Bears can’t get horny unless money printer no brr brr 
Bulls have raging hard penises when money printer go brr brr
[removed]
Ban for using emojis like a middle school bitch
https://youtu.be/EJWl_CFdsJo
I figured out your calculation. 

(AirBNB jump at open) - (Doordash jump at open) - (number of stocks you’re calculating) - (1 for margin of error) = % both companies are undervalued
They should do one surprise market day a year. Just randomly open that bitch on a Saturday in March or something. Really spice things up. Never know when your weekend play is going to become a daily.
Eow
Your doing it wrong
Ever heard of google?
Can one of you smart guh explain what's going on here he seems very upset?
Down vote for no positions
Go to Old Navy or something. Youre buying plain shirts, brand shouldn't matter.
I always want more time on my options and progressive moves slow. If it goes against me 1/15 isn’t enough time.
If that thinks moons on a sunday, imagine what it will do on a day the market is actually open.
[removed]
Nice DD
We do build lines, in shop but I’m usually traveling outside the country pre corona. Now it’s been all domestic for me. We consult for a lot of companies mostly pharmaceutical in New Jersey/ New York. I fix things that the guys in the factories can’t. Lately ive be been working a lot on matrix/ rebuilding/ installing new servos.
Think I went with June or July 2022 and 350 C ... more risk more reward?
buy high, sell higher.
Yeah I am lol, currently down ~600
I don’t wanna lose my job :(
Those but in reverse order of priority imo

🌳 🗺 🚀
[removed]
A truly retarded person would ask that here and get a truly retarded answer. So to answer your question: banana.
Besides his titles im not sure of what he has done.
When did ya sell
Snippet is from NYT and I don't live for reddit. How's the air up there on that horse?
unfortunately the store i went to was all sold out! fml.
The theory is that stock splits drive the price up post-split because shares are more affordable and thus more people can buy them. Thus even the announcement of a split drives the price up typically a few percent. However with fractional shares this really shouldn’t matter, but anyway, the splits generally cause the price to go up in the short term.
Bulls wants the market to go up

Bears wants the market to go down
Target Goodfellow or Amazon Goodthreads  are your new best friends
I'm super heavy in ARKG, too, but not worried about it because you can always rotate out if/when necessary.
Iwm 200c 01/29 ?
uniqlo
Double ban.
Bulls think stocks go down bears think stocks go up
[removed]
GME stands for Gene Mf'ing Editing
i had 5 shatcoins earlier this year at an average price of 6k .  think ill go jump off mt gox now.
Keep your head up bb good luck
My local Costco is so fucking empty.  Considering some June SPY puts as a hedge.
Bears buy put, bulls buy calls
Yes but I cashed out 2/3rds so I could get amzn weeklys. Hopefully back in next week
my bitchcoin investments are outgrowing my RH trades.  Not sure how i feel about this.
What catalyst is in April?
Agreed. I was referencing AC Valhalla pretty much. I’ve had a good time playing it.
Priced in tho
bulls == market is going up, bears == market is going down

also don’t they teach google in kindergarten these days?

https://www.investopedia.com/insights/digging-deeper-bull-and-bear-markets/
Yea bigpotna.live/merch. Suuuuper good quality.
no gonna lie i thought u were talking about ATT
[deleted]
Uniqlo. Try them on though the fit is slimmer than most
Bulls think the stock is going up bears think it’s going down
Yeah sept was not great
Robinhood is the best broker ever, cmv
Yeah I usually go tarps off in the summer too but it’s a little chilly outside for that rn
LMFAOOO
Love to see that 30k buying power bruh also positions or ban
Holy shit delete this before you get fried
I used to know a business that has great ones. They’re out of business now tho.
you could buy stuff with leverage and then use it as collateral to buy even more. Repeat.
Hoarding it for a rainy day lol and when the oil supply runs dry since its a large source of our wealth
Yes, 660c and 670c, planning to sell at 680. I think it will retest 690. 5’ chart 5 sma is still over 200sma. Not planning to hold all week.
Bears are fluffy gay men and bulls are trans men with breasts
It's going to need news that is at least equivalent to the Amazon presser if it does
turned out fine.  Started off hell.
Locks can get picked.  Can listen to the dials tumble to crack those.  You should take your bike inside your condo. 

Short of that,  put a Tile underneath the seat and find out where that fucker lives.
only cowards delete their messages
Infinite squeeze isn’t guaranteed, but I think tendies are
I hate that when I search a ticker clicking the magnifying glass returns me back to the last ticker I searched instead Of the actual news tab... like if press it twice RESET IT LIKE EVERY OTHER APP IN EXISTENCE
Thanks
Better to have more retards buying and pumping it up, no?
Nah I know I'm at least a 7. I do very well in person but these dating apps I always bomb . Thank you though
Nobody here can afford shirts
True autists net > $300k and start a hedge fund, retards net -$300k and get ousted from their dad's basement.
[deleted]
Screw graham
Do you think it’s too late to buy into BFT?
[deleted]
Half + your estimated tax burden*

Fixed
Owning property but still paying rent is whack. HOAs is some boomer shit
It will have a steady rise up to $8 over these next few weeks.. beyond that I don’t know
Always put so much pressure on myself to be productive
I just mean going full e-commerce and dropping B&M completely. But do you think july calls are a better bet than January? If Cohen does takeover and I still want to stay in I guess I could just roll them out no?
Absolute unit
Gold poopoo
I'd guess probably slightly more chromosomes compared to most subs.
OP thanks for taking the time to type this up and share it with us. You are probably right and that Cathy chick and her crew are super smart and have been correct on mostly everything since I've been following them, including and especially Tesla.

I'm hesitant to buy ARKG when its this close to its 52 week high and I think we are going to have a big dip soon but when we do have that big dip I will buy both shares and LEAPS that are as far out as far as possible. In the meantime will be selling puts on red-days
Thanks. I appreciate the link. Will def check out meetkevin
[deleted]
Sooooo... how are stimmy talks going?
[removed]
did you retards really think i was being serious? didnt the 😎 emoji give it away?
I think it’s headed to ATH soon. I would go feb calls just to be safe tho.
[removed]
i play on pc. the cyberpunk bugs were very minor. i find it funny that console gamers complain about optimizations when pc gamers have been getting the shaft for so many years.
Maybe, but I also think the media is just looking to make a big deal out of it because they can.  Read something else that said this wasn't anything uncommon.
The issue I have with genetics is that it should have took off ages ago but there seem to be something fundamental missing in our understanding of genes. For instance, it is possible to predict the height of a person based on the height of his/her parents with an 80% accuracy. Using only the persons genes it is only possible to predict the height to a 20% accuracy. 

I will stay away from genetics because of this, as well as the fact of how expensive it still is to conduct research in this area
[removed]
Who the fuck is that cunt
[removed]
You aren’t even worthy enough to be called retard
Looks like my Tampa -9 is about to print. Only thing is I have it parlayed with San Antonio Spurs ml and I’m sweating even tho that game starts later lol
Ain’t nothing changed but my change, imma stay the same
Thanks retard
But I don't have an iPhone 😂
Trade Republic only has warrants you idiot
False.... GME 🚀🚀🚀🚀🌙🌙🌙🌙
Damn you got in at the absolute best/lucky time assuming post crash
Should've doubled down like a real retard
🤡🤡🤡
All in full retard?  Because that’s really the only thing I know how to do.
Not the best price... I believe in the future of that company though and you will get your money back. Are you holding?
BAN
Am I still a fake mod in this sub reddit
[removed]
What’s your take on why the smaller miners were crushed on thursday (on tsxv)?
PayPal and it'll take 2 to 3 months for the videos to be send via email
I’d say most people are feeding their actual addictions, but it feels less grimey to them because it’s the market and not a roulette table
[https://www.kryptonitelock.com/content/kryt-us-2/en/products/product-information/current-key/000792.html?type=bicycle](https://www.kryptonitelock.com/content/kryt-us-2/en/products/product-information/current-key/000792.html?type=bicycle)

[https://www.kryptonitelock.com/content/kryt-us-2/en/products/product-information/current-key/000815.html?type=bicycle](https://www.kryptonitelock.com/content/kryt-us-2/en/products/product-information/current-key/000815.html?type=bicycle)

&#x200B;

These ones are honestly the best. I have 3 bikes in a city that's full of bike thieves and never had it stolen.n
Yes sell everything on Monday.
That's my kink
wise observation from battle santa right there
his career isn't convincing enough for you?
Guh me sum goldi
Hopefully a gap down so I can dump these 210p I bought too much of mid-day on Wed to rid myself of the anxiety.
You’re a retard but soon to be a rich retard
yo how the fuck is it only saturday, i wanna go to the casino already
[removed]
Sounds about right. Life is like a human centipede.
Then your dad died, net profit $3 billion
If he does that then Democrats will probably win Georgia due to higher turn out and a perfect bill gets passed by a democratic house senate and president. Win win scenario in the long run
First UK now Japan closing boarders, yikes. Looks like bears might be eating good soon again
Did you pull that out of your ass?
I live in a tiny 1 bedroom apartment in NYC. My bed is literally all the space I have and I haven't left my house since March. 

My days are spent laying in bed other than when I have to eat or use the bathroom.
You didn't factor in 99% of wsb traders go bust**
Get this outta here
Kryptonite Small u on the frame and Tire. 
Kryptonite padded chain  to secure
Same, how long until we exit brother
>This is why their Microsoft deal was so important, when gamestop sells new xbox's it gets a share what that console downloads. Microsoft needs to sell as many consoles as it can for their own success, they don't have a network of physical stores or a desire to sell direct to customers.

I think you're overvaluing their Microsoft deal. It essentially amounts to them using Microsoft hardware and software in exchange for a small kickback. Microsoft does have physical stores and has no issues dealing with retail but lacks the desire for that same level of infrastructure especially when they can go direct to digital at less then a 100th of cost.

>This was game changing, the surge in share price after this announcement reflects that.

The surge represented squeeze interest being bought and a potential pivot to the 21st century. Cohen is a much bigger catalyst. 

>Now Sony and Nintendo haven't ruled out a similar deal, and dealing with all retailers in the same way will protect all their collective futures, I wouldn't bet on a deal, but making some sort of deal makes a lot of sense for all parties, they need each other.

I agree they're useful for each other but Sony releasing a new gen console without a drive is a wake up call for GME. They'd better pick up the pace of the shorts will win.
dude shut up this is supposed to be the low key one dont tell everyone about it
Nah man just some variety wouldn’t hurt
Took the exec team out to dinner and expensed it.
Zero hope. I will continue shorting it and squeezing $$ out of it!
Facts.  Except for dick pic guy.  He's a winner no matter what his P&L shows.
Is this the state of this sub now?
Yo some of you motherfuckers are crazy. Not your trades, but you.

There are a few ultra keyboard warriors that threaten insane shit while deleting their messages just as fast. Some people here are feeding their actual addiction and are tweaked as fuck. 

Psychos man
Cavs +2
Dumbass journalists, don’t they know that stocks only go up
Lmao "well I'm just gonna wait here and another driver can pick it up in the next field. Not like it's gonna go off course anywhere"
You are in the wrong sub
Buy a car
One leads to the other. One prevents the other.
Okay I know this is wsb but I have shared in Facebook bought around 80. I never liked their business and deleted my account years ago. Still they connect billions of people. With this current controversy I’m going to guess the stock will move “sideways” and be on the downside for a while. Maybe I should just sell and say screw it.
Eh, might try to catch a ride up on positive covid news, but that’s about it.  It doubled after the vaccine efficacy news.
[deleted]
Dm me a pick of yourself I’ll give honest feedback
I mean yeah. WD is a boring unambitious ubisoft copy paste of every other gane they make.

Cyberpunk while it has some bugs, is a really great game aside from the bugs. Great story, lots of choices to make, good characters and character devolpment, and the soundtrack is a banger.

New Vegas was blasted on release for being a buggy mess and now its everyones all time favorite
Ban
Imagine going in on Blackberry
All leveraged margin money, legit can just delete the app and forget about it.
🌝
They only match with you for validation. They’re only after the top 10% of men on there, even if they’re only 6s and 7s themselves. Don’t take it personally, and also delete that nonsense.
Thx 😀
[removed]
Feel like it's all a validation game. But I think I'm kinda hot :(
https://www.seagroup.com/investor/quarterlyresults look at all the past reports they are going to kill it for the month.  How much text you want to read on wsb?  This isn't seeking alpha
This guy thinks he's better than us
GME will introduce EVs 2021!!! $150 end of Januari probs🚀
don't touch baba with a 12 foot pole rn. It's in free fall
Interactive Brokers is trash for options,  only use is algo trading or shorting hard to borrow stocks 

Tastyworks and TD, both are about as good but TW commissions are capped at $10 per leg round trip... Can't beat them when you're doing high volume options trades. 

Personally I have 1 account for each different trading strategy.  One for strictly day trading,  one for long term holding options (usually up to 1-2 months). One for selling spreads. When you jumble together the various types of risk/reward it gets nasty.  Zero problem taking a 50% loss on the day trader,  but that's 70 IQ if I lose 50% on theta gang chasing a few pennies.
[removed]
how did last monday turn out?
O/U 6 inches on my dick
Lmao... maybe..
Beetgoin
Dude, he married into the 1%. You can to if you put those warm holes to work.
[removed]
What’s poppin remix is stupid good. I just want to hang out and drink lean with little Wayne
Designated driver duh...
Could use some advice, currently bagholding $BB , do you think it's going to reach 8-9 again or is it doomed?
I'm in this statistic and I don't like it
Your calculations?!? Lol fools gold valuations.
I don’t know how a human could do this. No emotion whatsoever. Props to you. Great Job.
"just poopin', you know how i be"
wsb nerds think it could hit 100
50
Exactly, so much money flowing in for many reasons.
Short term gme play?
cyberpunk's militech combat theme is soooo good
Doesnt look realky like pump&dump. TECO (main company) isn't a small player in Shipping-Industrie...
Why? Did xrp fall through?
To be more convincing i suppose
Just because you don’t like the game doesn’t mean it’s overly buggy, unfinished or unplayable lol
[removed]
I used to do that. After I put a couple holes in the wall my gf made me buy a white board wheel. Best 25 ever spent on amazon. Reset the sections once a month and spin daily.
Hahahahahahaha. Our club is pure banter.
How is this going?
Basically here's my philosophy about money. Always be saving and be responsible enough that every stage in your life is getting better. It makes it so you're working and building towards things and you know the future will always be better and you're not going to leave yourself super regretting your life if you need to take care of your health or something when you're older. But then after that make sure to spend money and enjoy today. That way you don't fuck yourself for later, but at the same time you're not always thinking to be so responsible and miserable. And the futures not guaranteed you could die at 30, 40 or 50 so don't live a miserable life for a future that isn't guaranteed.
I could only get 26 contracts.
The idea is that it runs in the family
My calls would love that
It really helped me investing to know how stupid I can be and how best to protect myself from my stupidity.
You need therapy
ARKG🧬💉🦠🚀🚀
Are we still bullish on GME?
They’re just extremely high value females and came to their senses lol they’re just queens
🤦🏾🤦🏾🤦🏾🤦🏾
cmon man
I wont say the name, but there is a certain currency that is has mooned over the weekend.  Hopefully this bodes well for the market Monday :)
A little 2020/2021 math.......

1.7 million degenerates on WSB.  90% of traders lose money / go bust.  

Works out to 1.53 million fucking losers in here.  And that’s just on paper.
[deleted]
Started last week. Put 50 bucks into a lot of different companies just to learn more before i go crazy. Also put 200 in gme.
Just buy the dip bro
Idk what that is
[removed]
BABA on Monday?
I'm going to start writing posts like these but about sandwiches
Positions or ban
I'm calling bullshit on this post. Just look at it. Phone is charged above 10%? Clearly shopped.
You mean your wife’s boyfriend
Empty words.
Yo market is closed I don't even like sports anymore but where can I gamble some digital numbers away??? Is DKNG open for biz?
?
Unfunny cape shit reference that isn't even recent.

This is why we need mods.
Sounds like a short sighted effort to be overshadowed by the vast demand of white slutz wanting treats and sweaters for their ugly dogs
You know what “oddly” means?
[deleted]
LVM?
and all the assassins creed
Enough zigzags checks out
It’s not letting me PM you. Right now I’m looking at selling my RMG position next week to roll into THCB commons which I’ll trim after DA announcement. Same with my THCBW position. After that I don’t know, I’m thinking about moving all of my Schwab money into robinhood to buy NAV spacs on margin. 

What are some plays you’re looking at?
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/mckennac111 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
[removed]
yessssssssssssssssssss
Haha gme right guys haha might just buy arkk leaps haha pltr and stuff rocket emoji haha
We’ll see. Haven’t decided on plan of attack. I had some options recently expire worthless after being up 134%
Might be bots
Nah. What you're thinking of is how vitamins typically have more than what we need. Since our body can only absorb so much, we piss away the excess.
Imo add in a 1hr workout and this is the way
What are your views on the genetic makeup of this sub?
Major Pharmaceutical who had recently advertised jobs to market medication of small cap biotech causing a significant increase in stock price, decided to discontinue partnership and options became worthless. The main lessons I have learned is that the FDA is not in the business of doing things that benefit the public and there is zero urgency for a CEO to do things in investor interest when they are making millions of dollars per year. Even with a safe and effective medication you have nearly insurmountable odds stacked against you.
But how do I buy your $5k course?
Anyone know what’s up with this? I have family in China one thing they suggested was Ma is not showing proper respect to the government. Really there is no truly private business in China, the government has its hands in everything. Is Alibaba trying to operate too independently?
[deleted]
I want both :(
No way a fart horn doesn’t moon the stock tbh
“Crazy world, lotta smells” favorite office quote
Me and my smalls street bets accnt are along for the ride 90 shares at 5$ avg!
And loosing his father’s trust on the way
Low effort post. This is why we need mods.
Funny thing is, people at prop firms etc don't even yolo 50k into options lmao, most are gambling 5-30k per trade, $50k-100k+ positions are 95% of the time commons.
Girls are lame. Get tendies
First result for ASAN on google is autism self awareness network. I’m all in
[deleted]
GME has over 5000 physical stores and billions in sales annually, with a market cap of only 1.4b

NKLA hasn't sold a single vehicle, its a 5 yo vaporware company, and it has a market cap of $5.2b
CORSAIR (CRSR). He mentioned it in his post 😆
Lol I was buying $4 puts on GME back in March and April. How how fast things can change
I think REITs might be an area with not a lot of recovery yet. I’m focusing on major metropolitan reits like NYC, San Francisco, etc
As a rule, I don’t play anything less than a month out.
Can you buy calls that early on td ameritrade?
This is a casino. Maybe.
Based on my calculations, both stocks are still undervalued between 23-24%.
Has orange ever said anything that shouldn't lead to a conviction
[deleted]
If you rent out the majority of the units is it still considered owner-occupied?
Thanks boys merry Christmas
Tbf everything is a massive bubble until it isn’t. Case in point: big tech, EVs, etc
Ban! I’ve seen this shit more times this week than I’ve seen my wife in 4 years.
Surely all these all girls I match with on dating apps that unmatch me after I send the first regular message are the autistic ones and not me right?
would you rather have your kitchen catch on fire, or your entire house explode...?
The Saturday after Christmas I bet it’s poppin’
Lmao same how the fuck is that kid famous

I like his music and shit but so basic white boy
All I know is that time will tell. I mean when you say "transition to e-commerce" I don't understand what that means because Gamestop has an e-commerce footprint for all of the products and spheres that they represent. Help me understand what you mean by that?
[deleted]
The Government pays YOU! All these SUCKERS here trying to get gains and pay the government when they could be swimming in losses and have daddy Gov’t pay THEM in April!
GME gonna moon tomorrow, tell you what
Maybe a small bounce depends. it only dropped like 8 percent in HK markets, then fucking freefell on thursday in US markets. Usually they mirror each other fairly close due to arbitrage opportunities. If HK baba goes up your probably ok, but if it goes down it could either be matching US baba or signal another cliff drop. good luck, i got wrecked on this shit already not touching it again.
That’s what I’m thinking. Appreciate it it big hoss.
I would rather have a tiny home in the woods than a bunch of fat old men telling me my fence is 5 inches too tall.
Low-karma account not understanding valuation and making tired star wars references.

This is why we need mods.
Having anxiety attacks with market being closed for so long, I need to trade and watch tickers
281-330-8004
That update was a big snooze fest.
Watch dogs legions deserves more hate than cyberpunk there I said it
ANAL probes
Local man's one weird trick to avoid paying taxes!
This is good DD
Well their employees have surface pros now and have Xbox 360 so apparently amazon can’t compete anymore and they will be the next Amazon according to the retard above. Hype > numbers. Maybe they will come out with a GameStop console or something? Otherwise they are just a shitty store that sells shit you can just download off epic or steam hahah
Mmm not sure, but I take a greens, multi, and fish oil though regularly and lost 30+ lbs this year. (I started this routine a year ago).
Flair me!
Unless you have something better to do, there's nothing wrong with 3+ hours in bed.
400 m
Charles also gives best exchange rates.  Was in Asia and had to pull $$ for 2 bowls of noodles and egg rolls     Didnt have any cash so went to the atm in the liquor store.  Didnt give a fuck about exchange rates or fees. Best thing is no min  monthly balance. Chase charges like 25 a month.
I've got so many queued up over the last 2 days that if I don't check myself tomorrow night I'm going to be in some super retarded shit
What’s the best way to see option flow
Mangos Twitter is on fire today. His day of Christmas and no Twitter is like ours with no market. Just bored
Additional examples of permabear mentality:

\- Romans that opposed Julius Caesar

\- Hockey coaches that play the 1-2-2 trap

\- People that don't like mainstream shows
I’m thinking jan 15 Nio calls in anticipation of Nio day...  what strike should I go in at?
Everything starts as an isolated incident, until it isn't. It could be, but they'll look at other planes, and ground them until they know for sure. They won't risk it again.
Takes money to lose money 🤡
Lmao 😂
Made some dumbshit plays the last few weeks that would have printed if I wasn't retarded. Cut my profits for this year in half in 2 weeks. Anyone have any $200 plays for early next year to look into?
That I agree with. I gotta stop that too lol
What’s your reasoning not to buy at 1/15? Do you expect a dip to hit in the run up?
Get out of bed and get dressed into clothes that aren’t comfortable. Like jeans and put on shoes in house it’ll give your body the boost that you’re about to work on something and you’ll be able to get up and do stuff
Get. The. Fuck. In.
Lol, you trying to make it dump?

They're being 'investigated' by the ambulance chasers of securities law firms for people who were dumb and sold before the announcement.
[deleted]
Thanks for your insights, very valuable!

 Btw, is June $35 a good play? Or would you have aimed for a lower strike price?
[deleted]
Don't you piss away vitamins if you take it in pill form?
Double down, June gang.
TSLA gonna moon on Monday after that update. Lmao 

“iTs pRiCeD iN”- Shut the fuck up. 

Poppa Elon never disappoints with the tendies.
Usually I just lay in bed trading when the market is open. Weekends, not shit. Watch sporting events + movies.
[deleted]
I hope you'll never be retard enough to lose your house to CCP BABA, like some *true* retards here have
Weds expiry
Calls on whatever tech aliens use 🛸👽🧘🏼‍♂️🕴🏼👁
Jack Harlow makes me so mad my rap career never took off
It always helps if you remind yourself the night before and don't allow yourself any future excuses.
Then when you wake up, don't allow yourself any thoughts, just get up and drink some water, that's it. If you start thinking, you'll be making excuses before you know it.
Positions?
Cause I’m retarded
The second you wake up you gotta get out of bed and drinka glass of water & vitamins. Maybe hit the gym early too if you can.
[deleted]
Both are garbage companies with bad PR.

Vale specifically is trash.
WHO??
Maybe if it was once and a while, but I been steady doing this now. It has to stop. There's no way lying in bed on your phone, mindlessly consuming random shit can be a good way to start your day.
There isn’t any 🤦🏾🤦🏾🤦🏾🤦🏾
STONCKS OHNLI GOA OOP
I have been adding, but not nearly enough. I have almost 100 stocks in my account, so I didn't pay enough attention at the time.
Don’t you think the news won’t have affect on sales/ market overreacted
What u going to do
Commented above I still think it’s a good play, unlike my Disney puts lol.

I’ve actually made more money on Nikola than anything else, only time I lost $ on them was when I bought $20p 10/2 puts that expired worthless.

My bet is they’ll be $16-$17/share again in the next two weeks. I made money buying them at $32, $27, and $17... so why not at $13? 

Everyone seems so confident they’re going straight to hell but I don’t see anyone posting puts 🤷‍♂️

I’m not gonna get rich off this I’m gonna sell soon as I make a quick 20% we’ll see... if I’m right do I get flair? :)
See, don’t need to post gains to get some action
I’m wondering why you want him to speak with more conviction.
I've heard this is how you make $1M in the restaurant business.


You start with $3-5M...
What if you have that much in assets for them to seize?
QS going back up this week?
whats the news?
Broke man
[deleted]
chill out, you're just a drateR
You know making ANY money is making money right? Absolute retardation.
WSB sentiment is bearish . So you’re in luck .
Yes, there are the exempt withdrawals (as you pointed out, first time home buyer, another is if disabled, etc.), along with taking out contributions tax free.

However, even if it is a roth account, if you take an unqualified withdrawal from earnings, you are hit with 10% + income tax... if that wasn't the case, everyone would just trade through a roth account since their tax penalty would only be 10%, which is lower than the lowest capital gains tax, and on par with the lowest tax bracket.

They were smart enough to realize people would just use it as a tax loophole.
Been there done that ... life teaches lessons you have to listen ... made 45k in pot stocks 2018 thought I knew everything ... poof 💨
Where’s your yolo?
It’s a holiday weekend bro it’s all good. Don’t be so hard on yourself. Just perpetuates the cycle imo
ICLN BABY
I prefer billionaire in training. BAIT. One day I shall reach Master BAIT.
GE makes the engines, and this seems like an isolated issue for one plane.
Fid was down for me during black monday. Cost me a few bucks. They are good but not perfect.
My 4/21 GME $21/$35 call spreads looking better and better
thats why you're here
Fuck ya, McDonalds fries with extra salt slap. $1.89
Haha eyes and ears go brrrr
Are you a blonde with a hooker face and big tits?
A two yeap leap on BABA will be mint, hold that shit for 18 months and never look back. Im holding 340$ exp June 2021 and still feel okay.... Im giving it till March for it all to shake out
[removed]
Repost x9999
Thats fair but I was being genuine. I started mine and a lot of what im learning is about the valuation of a company. Maybe find some free courses online
FR. straight up idiots responding above.
Good job. I’ll stroke your dick bro >!no homo!<
pleas open again
Bro I gotta stop wasting 3+ hrs a day just laying in bed, doing absolute jack shit. I always regret starting my day off like this, but keep doing it. Tomorrow that stops.
and maybe sectors...
[deleted]
With everyone buying up every dip I doubt any big drops will happen anytime soon
RSI translates to real suck indicator. Fyi
Nutts. We suck at this
🙋🏻‍♂️
Well shit...mango man gonna do what he does best - nothing.  Pocket veto by doing nothing for 10 days - you cuck the people, you cuck congress because the bill dies between congressional changes (next congress sworn in Jan 3rd), you cuck Biden because this is now his problem and 'stimmy talks going well' will take us to Halloween 2021.

Market will be either emerald green or blood red depending on what you're holding.
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [Blackened                   ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qfehFvmwQlo) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qfehFvmwQlo)⠀►►⠀ 4:28 / 6:42 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
“Man”
smart man, hate to see the typical idiot on here bragging about their gains, then they end up losing it all with the same risky plays that initially got them their bragging money
Yeah, I’ll go ahead and start a petition on change.org
It’s a minor incident, this happens everyday around the world and is in the news just because it’s a MAX. Def not a reason for grounding.
[deleted]
Yea that's the plan
The lowest increase in the previous console cycle brought the market cap to $6,4Billion. Today that would mean a share price of ~$90. If it went to the higher end of what it has been in the past ($9Billion) than the share price would be $130. 

Just some perspective.
alexa play blackened
No it’s not
"What Investors Want to See in Financial Statements" https://www.thebalancesmb.com/what-investors-want-to-see-in-financial-statements-4067557

Here's a good little article. Also, there's a lot of youtubers who do a lot of good DD like MeetKevin. He usually comes out with at least a good video a week.
I’ve been in gme since august so no. I’m just not gay enough to need all of you to stroke my dick
😄 Maybe thats the reason, but i don't think so 😂
RV bros are toast
But I'm due!
[deleted]
Here's to FCEL hitting new highs this upcoming week 🥂
[deleted]
When this gets real, you can expect massive political grandstanding from conservatives whining about playing God. Their bullshit set us back massively with particle colliders and stem cells
It was just the smugness he derived from thinking he gamed the system, and then that smugness being ripped out of his body at 9:30 am sharp live on camera. Chef’s kiss 🤌🤌🤌
When is Li mooning again. My options are bleeding out
Tell me about it. Grandfather bought when it was $28 bucks. It has split where it’s 11 times what he put in. Pretty sure 11.
I got shares as well I’m holding on to
Living the dream. Miami Vice baby
Dads hate him
I'm not sure what you're referring to. Masks or vaccine? Everyone is on the same page.
Try starting in Feb 2000, that was the true value annihilator.
I hope he started his own subreddit and I hope I get invited :(
lol who works Saturdays?
[removed]
Big sales event 🚀
Nah I’ve been playing Nikola for months now it’s very volatile which creates opportunity. I don’t think is the next NIO and certainly will never be Tesla. But I clearly think it’ll go back to $16-$17 in the next couple weeks and I’ll make an easy 20%.

Done it 3 times on NKLA already, only time I lost money on NKLA was when I bought puts, go figure lol.
i wouldn't invest, what they have isn't special and there is a lot of competition: jira and trello off the top of my head

here's a list:

[https://www.proofhub.com/articles/trello-alternatives](https://www.proofhub.com/articles/trello-alternatives)

the price at being $30 is ridiculous and shows how little wall st knows about tech
RIOT and SSPK calls or shares
Yeah may call, need it to lift off by the
Keep rehashing SPCEman's airline joke.
I never click on gain porn because “comparison is the thief of joy”.

It‘ll just make me wanna do a retarded YOLO FOMO HOMO
[deleted]
Honestly I don’t think we’re in a bubble and things can definitely go higher. Interest rates are zero, so much new money going into the market, the country will be vaccinated soon enough, things are looking good.

Yes there are definitely overpriced individual stocks and maybe sectors so maybe there might be a pullback but I don’t see anything too bad happening.
you must be a boomer. Have you been on wsb before?
That one's definitely free money but I have shares to ride out to 100+. Not sure it's that comes in 3 months or 2 years. Seen too many good stocks go sideways over 1-3 months only to spike 4-6 months later
Im new. Whats that Broker u all use? wanna waste money
MIKE JOOOONES🗣
How long until I became profitable? 😁 *pulls collar*
This might be one of the most autistic things  I've read on this site. Congrats.
Never thought I’d be going balls deep on big data and genomics, we are in the fucking F U T U R E
No, it isn't; the price of holding the stock in a short is usually APR and the only time you really face losses is if the borrower demands the shares back. Otherwise it is very, very cheap. And you're talking about an institutional investor as well; remember that to shake off the IIs Tesla had to go up literally 30~40 times.
im Retard?
[deleted]
Apple goes up regardless of anything man. Easily $160/$170 before eoy
Get it together man
What if I like men
[removed]
[deleted]
[deleted]
Trump Financial?
The pullback on the 24th was expected. If the current  funding bill gets signed, it will moon hardcore. Something about tax credits for hydrogen cells
Idk why I bought psth calls 😳
[removed]
This guy stonks
Good one
Seriously dude, have a look back!
It’s gonna drop. Folks have been waiting for this lol
13 35c 1/15 probably not the best calls but hey
Who?
I love when people turn memes into cringe content by printing them onto a t shirt.
Yeah, it’s getting to the point now where I am oddly satisfied by taking losses so I don’t get reemed so hard in a few months.
How we looking for Monday bois
TLDR: buy and hold S&P 500 mutual funds / ETFs
Something that will actually protect your brain? For an adult? At least $50.
Monday? Yes

After New Years? Who knows
A wild 🌈 🐻 has appeared
[deleted]
Where are the mods to ban people like this marking this kind of thing as DD?
[deleted]
Gains locked in 20% cash getting ready for Uncle Sam flipping to stock next year in 4-5 companies sell covered calls ... lock
It up
Probs gonna stay around or above  212/219 until more reassuring news come to light there's been a statement by Baba CEO but I didn't say much. Probably only removes the doomsday scenario
No, because then I would be the best performing hedge fund ever. But finding good setups and having a target is important along with risk mitigation.
When after 2 days without market you realize there is still 1 to go
Okay markets been closed for 48 hours I need some futures now please
These mfs don't know what an ETF is man
Yes, correct
Totally agree!
Duuno bud. Might be in trouble.
I hope you're right
HBO is in Canada - it's packaged with Crave. The biggest problem I have with this DD is that you don't mention the missed potential of their online rental platform. Even though this sector is oversaturated their brand could positon a solid streaming service & movie subscription package post covid.
Futes for Sunday neither ripping nor drilling tbh
Ah I’m retarded
Rip
Fucking anemic volume yesterday, down 95%
[removed]
to the moon
Guh
So you're saying, you've no idea how ETFs work, but you invest all your live savings into FD's of ETFs? Lol
Learn some more about the financial system and how it works and try again. Then try again without all the assumptions that retards make about needing to print more money to support the economy.
Thursday bulls: fuck yeah

Friday bulls: well, [boom] yeah

Saturday bulls: well, what if
[deleted]
I'm at work but just hate my job so I hang out with you miserable losers.
this is the real tragedy
Props for being honest though. Lotta dirt bags woulda just driven off
My “friend” say it all good bro
Extra chunky
Haha I actually feel honored :0)

I agree I’m probably retarded but not playing with anything I can’t afford to lose, and if you look at my WSB post history I also bought Nikola at $32 in September and everyone called me retarded, but made 10% in 3 days.

Bought again Sept 29th @ $17.74 called retarded made 20% the very next day.

In fact the only time I’ve lost money on Nikola is when I bought $20p 10/2 puts that expired worthless. 

I think my Disney puts were a lot more retarded than this play but we’ll see. I bet in next 2 weeks it’s back up to $16-17 and again I’ll make a quick 20% :)

I don’t think Nikola is ever going to moon or get back to $30... but I obviously think it’ll bounce back up and down a few more times before
going under. Any good news at all will pump this baby 20%+ before crashing again.
half of them will
Bunch of LVM
What's so significant about 12.12?
remember that good ol time when people where givin part of their gains to charity...now it's just people buyin shares & showing their 200% gains in 2 years :)
Fuck short term capital gains taxes. 

That’s all.
Anyone got any GOEV calls??

GOEV 20c 3/21
Yeah I watched Wonder woman last night too. That shit was hella wack.
This entire post reads and feels like a pump and dump or a used car sales pitch. Nothing here convinces me how they are going to attract people not in the GPRO market to convert and subscribe.
What’s a good play
35 Jan 2022
Damn nice. I had to suck several more dicks behind Wendy’s for the tendies to buy in now. Hopefully the jaw arthritis pays off in the end.
Autist is a compliment around here. Jesus Christ you’re the worst kind of zoomer. Probably not even a rocket kid.
😔
Tell me about it, I calculated their revenue per store in the $120's and it shot through the roof in the last quarter. But then watched it run up while tryingn to "time a dip" and I'm so over that shit. Same with GRWG in the teens (well except the revenue breakdown, but they are profitable and growing). Just got in IIPR yesterday and GRWG at $30 and looking to buy more.
Doesn't require much/any DD to trade effectively.
🥺
[deleted]
He only sold calls for 5000 of the shares, he still has 30k for the squeeze
Does management receive puts as compensation? For some reason $BA hates going up in value
[deleted]
WSB has been going downhill for over a year now. What I miss most are the retarded/genius plays people would post in long DD posts. Now it's just people jerking off posts about holding shares. Glad they made money that way but this isn't the sub for that and the best mod left
If the stock's anything like me flying an actual drone, it'll come crashing down pretty quickly lol
I started trading in September and im a better man for it
Tendies


Are


Bear


Meat
I really want to read a postmortem of this. What the hell
[deleted]
I don’t need to. Already am 😂
that's a disingenuous way to say that his thinking evolved as we gained more knowledge about the virus don't be such a retard
Look around you. The people here right now are the real NEETS.
[removed]
Date? If exp before new year than maybe
Shares are like a cup of coffee, calls are like pure colombian fish scale
Interactive Brokers is the preferred broker in the EU. Brexit caused some bullshit rule changes, but it's still the best.
why would it moon rn? lol
lock in your gains put that money straight to a free down payment on a house, and start over again while building equity in a home
That is not autistic, but retarded.
[deleted]
Nice
How about delete it cause it’s bad lmao
PLTR & GMR
Y u talk to 🌈🐻?
that’s all i needed to hear
I initially thought the same, but pocketed a 3k gain after the merger after no movement and learned more about their business. The problem I see with OPEN is their business model is high volume house flipping, which means they take on an insane amount of risk for low margins while inflating their total home sales volume. Even slightest slowdown in the housing market and they can lose money if their inventory can't sell for more than they bought it for.
It’s weird that some people would rather someone defend a wrong statement to the death than admit this is the best answer we’ve got now but it might change when we learn more.
There’s not a single person alive who thinks that’s his boat or that he bought it with his investing prowess.
[removed]
Excited to see your gains when GME hits $50 🚀 🚀 🚀
That altard bought XRP.

R.I.P.ple him.
Hold lmao that shits going up
Brokeragelink accounts linked to your 401k money can be opened for stocks and etfs.
Can’t go tits up!
agreed man. Agreed. 🥺
I bought $55 NIO calls that expire on the 31st how fucked am I?
FIFY: STC 1 AAPL STO 1 AAPL STO 1 AAPL 10YR JAIL
Nice
CLVR: \[Another\] Pot company. They grow weed in Colombia and Portugal. They can allegedly make it much cheaper than other companies, and they have pharmaceutical certifications to go with it.

This company IPO'ed within the last two weeks, has options (they've been available for only a few days, and are fairly illiquid), and a $284mm market cap (so kind of on the edge of penny/not-penny). Two links are below, one is sorta-DD from WSB User /u/_jeff_k, and the other is from a normie website.

Given the recent run-up of SPACs (and similar to the 2018 weed bype), this could moon quick.

Position: Long Feb '21 $20C's, entered on Thursday.

[https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kj0ic7/new\_meme\_stock\_clvr\_clever\_leaves/](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kj0ic7/new_meme_stock_clvr_clever_leaves/)

[https://investorplace.com/2020/12/clvr-stock-12-things-to-know-as-cannabis-play-clever-leaves-starts-trading/](https://investorplace.com/2020/12/clvr-stock-12-things-to-know-as-cannabis-play-clever-leaves-starts-trading/)
Yes sir!
It’s possible. I’ve seen folks (non-retards) talk about seeing this at $20 by Eo21.
Sees ADR and has Chinese ptsd flashbacks IQ bili huya
What’s the strike / date? I was thinking June $250C
I’m an entrepreneur!
Yeah I’ve been watching IIPR the past few days. Bit pricy but looks nice
Fauxci has contradicted himself more times than Kim K has sucked D
Also where’s the barkbox hype
Tomorrow Sunday Tren ;)
Was it that small? Jeez no wonder he lost it all
I am long bitty miners as welll. But not to be a downer....there is still 2 days until monday open so there is plenry of time for the price od bitty to go down, meaning a flat open for miners.

Also plenty of time for price to jump...so hoping for that.
Crunchy or smooth?
Buying options will increase the premium by raising IV, so you can kind of pump it just not the underlying. That said ark needs no pumping 🤷‍♂️
What was that quote about "when there's blood in the streets"?...
It’s ok to be in the red. It happens to all of us.
I can see everything real time during the day with the app i mentioned. Don’t have much experience with other platforms but I’ve never had an issue with deposits
Dang just retire already
Dude private message me. I’m also 18 and it’s my senior year. Did pretty well too. I’d love to share plays.
Bre can yall stop sharing the same clip.
this is the most nontoxic thread in the history of wsb
He knows too much
[removed]
Ancient Chinese Secwet! Me buy row, say hi!
hE wAs AbOuT tO gEt EnGaGeD
[removed]
patatoe, potatoe who even scools anymore*!*
You know it 😎
I don't know how people gain these massive titanium balls but I sure don't have them. I would die from the stress of opening up the app and seeing the numbers.
Stimmycondonktors
I’m down 100% and I ain’t done yet
Dammer. I was passed out. Ill go skim that page later, my T levels are a little high today.
Hi this is Bill, I heard your father talking to you on this computer phone (???) so took it and sent him to his room. My financial advisor has informed me that I should insist you return that money. Apparently gold is still a sure thing, and oil stocks aren’t going away anytime soon. Just slip the envelope under your mothers bedroom door. WE LOVE YOU SON.

-Bill
Not trying to visit the vet bruh
[GME](https://imgur.com/EdGiOTD)
TradeRepublic
someone give me more confirmation bias on my June MT steel calls. Shits down almost -30%
the real dd is always in the comments
I am with etrade and RH.
[removed]
Had a dream about living in a 1984 type world where I raced cars then I went to prison and saw this 10/10 and her boyfriend was a complete douche nozzle and I had to keep fighting him. Then I woke up.

Wack
lol this is how my sister in law makes a living. Except she fools her parents into helping her “buy a house” every 5 years or so.
I Currently have 1 $BABA  410c 1/20/23 I picked up during Friday’s bloodbath and 1 $ARKK 200c  1/20/2023. 

Should I sell them for 1 OTM $ARKG expiring Dec 17,2021?
Holy shit enough with the “look at my gains” posts. This sub is essentially a useless echo chamber and bragging platform now. What a waste. People can’t even comment until they’ve got 1 month old Reddit accounts, think how many more retards are going to be here soon 

Fuck all of you
What’s a DD?
Yes, making money is good for the soul
Jan 2022, but at this point July 2021 is better for 30c. Jan 2022 for the cheaper 35c probably .
U can pump my cock tho and I’ll pay u.

U mess with ark and Cathy and u will wake up with sperm in your anus 
Keep at it hoe 

I’ll show u how I went up in the ranks in prison
Fuck off bruh sub needs more shit like this on weekends
Short😕
Lol that’s not a yacht
Yes
Lmfao bro I’d be the dude betting you 1k. It sucks being locked up I’m always cheering my friends on haha
Do you think $30c 1/15 is unreasonable? Price isn’t to bad to hop in
[deleted]
[deleted]
Nice play
Nah I bet he bought xrp
[deleted]
wsb is using pltr software to monitor users? Supper bullish!
Get back in there!
I am. I like to move it, move it.
Dammit I’m in! Buying 100 shares on Monday
Same. Not just for my tendies
Bought couple of  March calls when they were trading at ~10.90.
Lol arbitrage means it’ll never trade at much of a premium since it’s open-ended. If more people buy the ETF the underlying stocks are also bought up, increasing demand for those companies. How do you think ETFs work?
Bro get a real broker like Robin Hood 

The broker won’t make your stupid  plays any better 

If u went long gme your rich in any broker
How does PNL during the day flow? Automatically or constant refresh? Also deposits, are they quickly processed for wires once sent?
If they give us 2000 I will put every dollar into GME. WSB's as my witness!
TB is stacked with offensive talent
So MARA/RIOT at 4am is the play monday huh
Don’t sweat it.  COVID hasn’t weakened its core franchises - and I believe you’re right about Remdesivir.  There’s also tremendous upside to the Kite, Immunomedics, and Forty Seven acquisitions. Kite has been written down somewhat, but is okay. It’s not dead.
Time is relative friend. They made one big booboo and that was trying to make a drone and compete with DJI. HOPEFULLY they learned their lesson.
Because GameStop is selling physical video games when the major platforms like Sony, Nintendo, and Microsoft are selling digital copies through the native stores on their system. Even if GameStop specializes in hardware, there is no reason why you would pick GameStop over any other retailer such as Best Buy, Walmart, Amazon, ect.
Going GME + MT long dated calls (sometime in Q2, GME probably early Q2 and MT a bit later)

I was told by someone who's something of an expert to expect economic slowdowns once vaccines roll out over the summer and into the fall. Basically the implications of "money printer go brrrr" (this was not how he worded it). I'm inclined to believe him, he has been right in the past and knows many things, and I think is probably connected in high places. On the other hand, I don't really want to be a gay bear...
RESEARCH YOURSELF BITCH AND HAPPY HOLIDAYS
Good read while I sit in this god awful 20 car line at Starbucks...
Damn I'm in
Wait, Europeans do have access to Robinhood?
Raisehand.gif

WSB has infected the most remote corners of the globe.
I'm so ready to get out BBY. Waiting on 110.
Watch out. Made a similar post and the mods deleted it and banned me 😒
Indeed. And for the record, I hope you’re right.
Me too. If one thing is clear, you can't make big money in this game without taking big risk.
tomorrow is Sunday
Alvin Kamara tho? BULLISH
E*TRADE has a power E*TRADE app that I like. I can pretty much to everything from my phone. You can get on a computer and do the same stuff. Haven’t had any issues.
Expiration?
Sky's the limit...
I love my M. Evans 🤤
[deleted]
*Judges!?*  

Yes, will accept multiple universe theory
Sir this is not r/investing
Fuck Mike Evans. Guy has lost me more money than this subreddit with his inconsistent ass performances
If the 🥭 keeps splitting the GOP I think the odds are in our favor
I would guess late January
Seems legit
AMC paid nicely too
Expense ratio lmfao fuck off boomer
It is when the stock keeps going up.
Look at the 5 year trend. Looks like a money loser to me.
Spelling is how I bought APLE instead of AAPL
*Did you mean a couple of hours?*
יאללה ישראל
supposing this story is true and that chick isn't a hooker (which isn't likely), your "counterpart" is an idiot

who bets you can't fuck a chick after she's already taken a liking to you
100% these fuck wad think they they can edit their dick sizes in the next 5 years. All these crispr studies had an <n=5. Mostly just a proof of concept it works.
Nope. You might be the first in history. Congrats retard
He's firing from the southern hemisphere
They have huge upside potential!
What’s your point
Ban
12 and 1 year so I can be a teenager
[removed]
They are more invested in smaller green firms. Firms that have room to grow
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
We think he’s a billionaire based on what Forbes and others in the past have been able to uncover about his finances. 

Since he’s been president, it’s been revealed that he owes a lot more money than previous researchers have thought, including possibly $2 billion at most to Deutsch Bank
We fam
Nice rounding bottom. Bullish pattern.
Lol don’t lie, your name is Anna. It’s ok, we all get lonely sometimes ANNA!
"MSFT develops AI self-driving chip"

&#x200B;

Stock soars 0.12% in ONE DAY
[deleted]
yeah a lot what do you mean
Stocks 

Only

Go

Up
Except the 1 in 1000 that turn a personal loan into millions and then feed the hopes and dreams to everyone else that they too can do it.
Good point
... lol well Amazon and Walmart disagree. 

And by that I mean in regards to whether or not hydrogen fuel cells have applications.  (I make no claims to know about what any company's stock will do)

I just don't think that they would have spent all that money buying hydrogen fuel cells from PLUG in order to turn all of their forklifts into bombs.
Vanguard only platfrom, ban me now mods
[deleted]
[deleted]
Tons of MT June and Mar Calls along with Shares.
This is the way.
This is the way
Turning 17 next year!
WTF is this wall street erotica?  I want to know what you did with $1,000.
I dented someone's door the other day, after the wind took mine. Waited for him to come out and show him... FML
They’re not going to talk about it. The senate will never even allow a vote. The subcommittees won’t even allow it to have a vote on if there should be a vote. Literally none of this will happen, and it’s because the de facto president of the United States is Mitch McConnell.

If both GA seats go blue then everything I’ve said is invalid and the index will almost certainly moon. But that is unlikely.
But Li just dipped. Papa Buffet demands we yolo there immediately
What did you YOLO the cash on?
Soldier reporting for duty
I love scrubbing balls. So satisfying.
PLTR moon is $30! With a slow bleed of course


Pltr 32c 1/2022
[deleted]
Not GME https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kkjpxl/someone_buy_me_a_helmet_collision_course_to_the/gh2pqpu/
🐳 shill
positions or ban
congrats
Amen.
For the rich to get richer, yes.
Going into 2021 I want to pick a single broker and stick with them rather than having a fuck ton of accounts. That being said I have used Schwab, Fidelity, TD this year and they all have pros and cons. Used Robinhood way back in the day and won’t consider it. That being said does anyone use IKBR, WeBull or eTrade and has positives to say about it?
position or ban
$t0pthec0unt1
That all I care about.
This sub is for degenerate gamblers, obviously we’re sickos
That’s the great thing. We don’t NEED it to actually pass. We just NEED them to talk about it. It can sit in the hill for two years an not move, as long as they talk about it, it’s gonna rise. And if , and it’s a big if, GA flips, well fuck. Bring your galoshes cause it’s gonna be raining tendies
😿
Do you know who has no competition? comma ai!

Existing cars with automated driving features (lkas, aeb, acc) can be upgraded to level 2 self driving with relatively cheap plug in hardware, the technology already exists and it's getting really good, nobody has heard of it because only a tiny little start up in san diego seems to be pushing this revolutionary tech.
IIPR, GRWG, and a sprinkle of SSPK  MUST be in your portfolio if you looking to capitalize on weed in 21 boys. Hop on and lets fly
From losses?
strike price?
Has fauci actually ever said something with conviction?
[deleted]
Wow, never thought about that. This would do well on r/LifeProTips
It's all about who you follow on Twitter too
Learn more about SPACs.
_Everything_
[deleted]
Not so nice. Take out margin
The real question is, what are you buying with the $27.98?
Wow fellow retard, looks like we joined at around the same fkn time, LMAO.  http://imgur.com/gallery/ldu6RSu
Holding all this riot is making my pants tight
They'll be getting into EV software, whether client or server side.

They already have Bing maps, Augmented Reality etc.

They have a huge start on any competition and I doubt they haven't been doing anything.

This is probably ramping up.
Cashmere sweaters are the 🐐 (literally).  Just bought a couple more myself as well.. treat yourself!
You're welcome and here's another 100 emails reminding you to refer more people. We're desperate.
soft
[deleted]
[deleted]
I’ll get to this. I’m not sure why anyone would be shouting to buy oil tankers then. NOW is the time to buy tankers with China importing oil again need to understand that in April/May oil futures went negative. They were paying people to take this stuff and then the spigots turned way down. Less production, because too much supply already out there. The thesis behind the oil tanker DD, as far as I could tell was that OPEC would keep pumping and more storage was needed. They did the opposite. Cut production. To help bolster prices. The additional tankers that were projected were never needed.  Steel is the inverse, not enough supply for demand. I’ll get more into this when I have time tomorrow.
I bought $30c leaps earlier this month. I couldn't believe how cheap they were.
*head
[removed]
[removed]
Trying to convince my 13 and 15 year olds to actively trade. Any advice for kids that aren’t super into now, but are massively smart and would love it once they got into it? Dad and mom have a negative ROI on em right now 😂
Mass buying of ark funds doesn’t do a thing. It’s an etf not a stock... you can’t pump it lol
[removed]
Perfect inverse bead and shoulders pattern.
This is the comment I read the most this year.
Exclamation point is 2 words.
I got yelled at by the Barista again
If I can give you one tip, only respond to the haters once with enlightenment, after that let them dwell.
Been holding GME shares since it was $10. Average is $12 now.

Check my post history, I'm a fellow GME soldier
Ban. I put more effort in my shit this morning than OP did with this meme
Lol we all know gov. shutdowns are a joke. I like how Lindsey left out the fact that they were spending time on the golf course together. Scrubbing each other’s balls.
I think ARKG is a good long term hold, was just curious why a bunch of people are suddenly talking about it this morning.  I think Cathie said ARKG will likely be her best performing fund next year but that's old news.
Danny Devito. We worship him around here 🙌🙌🙌
I considered 115c conservative at 5.50 on wednesday. 120.50 seems to be moveable about 2 weeks before exp before theta anals it, that’s when I’ll sell.

Edit: Need around a 16% move to breakeven on 115c and 12% on 110c
[removed]
Does anyone hold options for a couple of months?
[deleted]
[deleted]
Award this post 📯
Those free referall stocks from Webull hit the account different- up  $300 from referrals alone 👀
Everything
I’m not enough of a loser to downvote just why bro
was talking to my friend about the upcoming biden presidency and they said "well, if he's actually president"

so strange that there are actual human beings that have that kind of thinking. and yesterday my SO's dad said "you actually listen to Fauci?? you know he has stake in those vaccine companies"

yeah man i'll listen to a travelling salesman instead of the country's top expert on immunology because of a facebook post you read. like even if you don't just automatically listen to fauci, can't you at least listen to other respected doctors instead rather than a first year nurse who believes jesus cures cancer?
Are my spy 371 calls fucked or wat ?
The 5 month rape of bear asshole that followed was infinitely worse
Did you buy Thursday?
ICLN pumping starting next week until eternity
This is all political theater bullshit. Trump probably won’t sign the bill and do nothing, which means it becomes law in a few days automatically. His own party is refusing to even vote on $2,000 checks. ITS HIS OWN PARTY. This is theater for the dumbest most easily manipulated cohort of our country.
I think no 4 did it for you 😂
Very true, that might be the low end, I’m hoping more in the pump following the merger, maybe 30? I’ve got feb 22.5 calls.
In the snow?
PLTR prob gonna moon on monday tbh
[deleted]
[deleted]
Calls on what?
That’s what he said
KFC is also releasing a console
I thought all the bears got slaughtered in 2020
WSB discord server - real time options trading (sub-group)
I feel like a heroin addict. Just worse.
I own a GoPro and the tech editing the pics and vids for you is honestly very handy. I'm hoping they'll make the new app more like Instagram where everybody just scrolls through amazing video after amazing video of shots made by GoPro.
I try to live an envy free life. Every time I see something like this, a guy who can take a piece of wood that I would joke looks like dick and balls and turn into something like this, I temporarily fail that goal
It will definitely keep going but greater gains with the others
That's what mine looks like! Except for that last upwards bit 😔
35c it is
Oh that's out now? Good looking out , thanks
So be the lower greater fool and cash out
Definitely misread "Africa" in your post. Globally, yes it would be more, but sort of irrelevant unless you use purchasing power parity.
🌈🐻 shill
Robotics/automation tech for a consultant company
Can you explain in detail? Im a retard
i got raped harder on september
I have my whole portfolio in bft
Stonks trade sideways over the weekend for some reason.
Reading the name "Declan"  gave me autism.
because your perma-bullish ANALysis is nevar wrong!
Don’t hate the gains bro
Whichever way makes me the most money😎
Only reason gopro subs are so high is because they force you into it when you buy one. 99% will cancel it afterwards. But short term it will pump
Fuck paying for education. I already have one expensive degree.
Papa Elon give us FSD as New Year’s present!
Honestly not at all. I just feel like the hype is growing and I’ve been reading/watching more videos about it. The tech is just so exciting and so is getting rich off of investing in it
[removed]
So the gender pay gap is real.....
Any PHAR bitches out there? They just IPOd on Nasdaq but are not interested in raising capital. Seems cheap.
If he admitted to being a retarded gambler it would just be sad, but this shit is what makes it so fucking hilarious. He actually claimed to know stuff and be smart and he fucking lost 50K
[Done](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kjr5hm/happy_holidays_wsb_thanks_for_making_2020_great/gh39f19/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf&context=3)
You fucking dropped a ceteris paribus in WSB. FUCKING AWARDED INSTANTANEOUSLY
NEVER!

You ruined my life!!!!!!
Can we form a new group that actually gambles and doesn’t talk about ark funds and snowflake politic shit
Your account is 214 days old
Holy fuck, GameStop stock came back?! Lol, and it’s a strong buy on my app. What the hell happened? I’d buy stock in them like I’d buy stock in Barnes & Noble.
Needs bigger balls
Did the same. 

Oof.
Calls is the play for 2021
2 weeks ago it was completely flat. I think it went -0.5% gain for that week. It spooked me
[removed]
Nice.
Thanks for clarifying for my smooth brain
calls on ABC’s
[removed]
**The Swede:**

I’m pro tem executive director for a certain telecom company and we get this new round of interns that are hired by an agency that is seeking a long term contract. 

Well. I always avoided any & all company happy hours for a while because I just hate being a witness to affairs. 
Either way the agency is hosting this happy hour at some new trendy hipster friendly bowling alley and this one Swedish intern is taking a liking to me that is apparent to everybody. 

I mean everybody. One of my counterparts that was about to get engaged is like “bet you $1k you can’t fuck her. I need to live vicariously through somebody.”
I’m 4 gin & tonics in so, I shake his hand and I’m like fuck. I’m about to owe this dude a thousand bucks. 

I mean this chick is young, Swedish, and was always getting written up for shit she wore around the office. 
Problem wasn’t what she was wearing, it’s that she was just hot. Nothing else. 

So this Swedish intern sends me a thank you email a week later for attending her event. 
She then invites herself to my office for a “One on One” for “mentorship”. 

I decline it. I did this 2 or 3 times because I was actually busy. I’ve also dated enough to read women and this girl is dangerous. 

A month before the end of Summer I finally agree. I book one of our biggest conference rooms on the highest floor. 

She shows up in this little summer dress and heels and pulls a flask out of her purse. I’m sitting on the complete opposite end of this big ass conference table and she takes off her dress and proceeds to head my way. 
I’m sweating because I don’t know WTF is going on. 

She’s like “I got waxed for this meeting.”  
Once again. I don’t know WTF is going on. I’m just thinking that somebody’s Dad fucked up. 

She hands me the flask. It’s whiskey. Nice. 

“So this has nothing to do with mentorship?” I ask. 
She laughs.  I’m house sitting in this part of town this weekend and hanging out with friends. Meet me tomorrow night. 

“I have all of next week off because it’s my birthday week” I tell her. 

“I know.” she says. 

Then I remembered the thousand dollar bet. 
So the next night rolls around and I hit her up. 
I catch an Uber to meet her. I get to the bar and her and her friends were super shitty. Like passed out blackout shitty. 

Waitress comes up and is like “They gotta go!”
Haven’t even been here 5 fucking minutes. 
This is why I don’t fuck with young chicks I think to myself. 

I get an Uber and she gives me her friends address that she’s staying at and ride with them there. 

Tell the Uber to wait so I can walk them up. 
Uber takes me home and I wake up to like 20 apology texts from her. 

She’s like you want to go to the mall “I’ll buy brunch”. I never want to go to the mall, but fuck it.  

We have brunch and she wants to go to some erotic boutique store. 

Apparently they let couples in the [dressing room](https://twitter.com/pepeforthewin/status/1342897012157636611?s=21). 

All the shit in that store was like $700 bucks and I said I ain’t buying that shit. 

The rest of that weekend and the week that followed were just a blur of blow & unimaginable things. 

Few weeks go by and she found a sucker that bought it for her. She was also a squirter and made me take pics on her friends [couch. ](https://twitter.com/pepeforthewin/status/1342897012157636611?s=21)

It was all so fucking odd, but it’s been life. 

I made a thousand bucks though.
You’d let me fuck your girl? 😂
if wsb was concerned about pumping things with no real value it would be r/investing
Do an MBA
Just because you edited, doesn’t mean you’re more right
Damn straight. Always wanted to do that man.
Bro all of 2021 is an opportunity to yolo GME calls..
RSI is trash. Buy GME $35C 12/31 instead.
I am averaging up this week.
PMP is pretty good, currently using SUPERHUMAN from Alpha Lion. The pump and aggression is straight.
Similar position to OP where I turned a year's worth of slow losses and recovered all that and more the past month. Suggestions:

- No 🌈🐻 positions. Not right now. Don't even think about puts unless you're selling them ITM. Only go short by selling covered calls, either covered by shares or a long call. And you should only do that if you think a stock has run up too quickly and you want to continue to hold.
- Buy the dip. No really. Look at the chart, if it's up don't chase. Just watch it and wait for a couple red days to enter. Buy on red days, sell on green days.
- Buy calls with 3 - 6 month expiration. They won't crater as hard during a pull back. Your timing isn't as important if you fuck it up. You'll just have to hold longer but at least it won't expire. They don't decay as fast either. And if they get ITM quickly you'll still make a killing. Sell them early if you want. You don't have to wait. I bought CRSR calls expiring next summer and sold them at the $50 mark right before it tanked. Probably held them a week or so at most. Oh yeah, buy CRSR as it's primed to head back up again.
- Look at SPACs and IPOs. They're cheap and most tend to run. I still love mega caps but they're already really high and IMO will be the first to sell off in a crash.

That's basically it. Don't short a bull market no matter if the fundamentals are shit. Doesn't matter right now. It'll matter at some point but you have to go with the flow in the mean time. Shorting is a quick way to lose everything.

Just do that and get good on timing your entrances in particular. You'll learn to love red days assuming you don't blow through all your buying power, which reminds me, don't blow through all your buying power.
It’s an etf.  Wsb curse less likely but yes possible.
On top of everything others have suggested, make sure that your security questions aren't real. You wouldn't want someone that knows you enough to be able to crack it. The answers to your security questions should be passwords themselves that are stored in your password manager.
Open the fucking market, I’m ready to buy, RIGHT NOW! ARE YOU LISTENING, NANCY?
[deleted]
[removed]
Dude, please put some fucking glasses on. My eyes hurt watching this.
Hahahahaha shit, I meant from all the friends my girlfriend has, one of them died 

I guess my English is not that good
anyone here actually from saskatchwwan lmao
You were always able to get an antivirus at gamestop.
[removed]
[deleted]
IRS pays me bro 😎
Idk, I think it could hit a 10bn market cap by 2022 with Cohen becoming CEO and a short squeeze rally. It’s really not that crazy of a market cap with a company that has 7bn in revenue this year and much more to come if they can transition to e-commerce. And console cycle will last. It might not last long, it could very briefly go above $100 and that’ll be it, not sure. Nobody really knows how this goes, I mean, Cohen adding and going above 10% is an example, we didn’t know he would do this, new stuff is unraveling as we go. I’m just going to hold jan22 25c’s since I want to get through the whole 2021 rally, I wouldn’t want to hold any earlier since we don’t know exactly when the shareholders meeting will be, could be after July 16th which is the next date for options. Do you think I should go into July calls instead? I want to be able to get the best return from
This 2021 rally but I’m afraid the shareholders meeting ends up being after July 16th
Still more than doubles current market cap. Pt 20$
Was there ARKG news today or something?
Humanly? Or lyleberrycrunchly?
[deleted]
Annoying, shit cherry picking reporting. He’s in real estate, he’s fine lol. There’s plenty of valid reasons not to like him, idk why people feel the need to falsely attack his net worth
They got Bowser coming onto the board? That alone should up their meme potential to the moon
I'm going to grab some of these far OTM options on Monday if possible.
Someone buy him some lube just in case
[deleted]
You just can’t get it til you try it
Are you Muslim how many gfs do you have? 
(sorry for the loss )
So ENPH was tsla before tsla.  What’s to stop it from continuing to climb.  🍻
[deleted]
[deleted]
Refreshing my feed, but it’s just slow as fuck today
Read Bloomberg, Reuters, other technology sources like The Verge, TechCrunch, etc. 

Just plug into the Matrix and download all the data.
You can withdraw your contributions at ANY time without penalty. But you can't withdraw any gains you've made til 59.5
Never heard this before
Not wasting any time buying that dip
So your financially irresponsible friends don't ask for money for drųg
> It's biggest threat is digital downloads ..... Most their profits stop at point of sale and that's an issue when so many things are becoming subscriptions or services.


This is why their Microsoft deal was so important, when gamestop sells new xbox's it gets a share what that console downloads.
Microsoft needs to sell as many consoles as it can for their own success, they don't have a network of physical stores or a desire to sell direct to customers.

This was game changing, the surge in share price after this announcement reflects that.

Now Sony and Nintendo haven't ruled out a similar deal, and dealing with all retailers in the same way will protect all their collective futures, I wouldn't bet on a deal, but making some sort of deal makes a lot of sense for all parties, they need each other.
When IV is high but im bullish i start it as a debit spread and then I leg out of the call i sold. Example i bought a 250/285 call on BABA for next june, and if baba falls more ill buy back the 285 call cheaper to have pure call exposure later
Should merge with r/bagholdersanonymous
Both
What are doing when the taxman comes next year? Seek an extension to make more money? Offer the IRS payments over time?
Actually, it may look like what Tesla has done this year. Only difference is; the GME stock will go down fast & hard. Whereas Tesla will probably just have some
drawbacks, but still be trading within the range of it’s new price.
I've bought it and impatiently sold it twice in the last two months
Yeah right? I was thinking about it, going out suddenly with no previous warning.

Maybe the retards here truly know the way, might as well YOLO on something and live to the fullest
It'll get back to $50 eventually, not sure how low it will go before then. If it drops to the high 33s, buy. If it keeps dropping more and more, wait until 25 then all in.
Boomers use IBD (investors.com) and Barrons
[deleted]
I looked up FNGU and ...wtf is that? Due 2038?
If there is even a temporary breather for ARKG this sub will be wiped
Apple calls for the 15th of January fellas! That's the play! 🚀
Where you been? ARK has been talked about for a while now
Md on two or three. Yee
For which we dont subside
Roaring kitty is his YT channel btw.
This is dope
[deleted]
[deleted]
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/TycoonForLife1986 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I’ve heard about those freak accidents. It could happen to anyone for no reason. That’s scary
Why did icln lag behind other etfs?
This is the way
[deleted]
Welll I stand corrected
N I c e
[removed]
[removed]
Shit sorry, English not my first language.
This guy wrote this post as if Mitch McConnell isn’t the true president of the United States, elected by a handful of yokels in Kentucky who don’t give a fuck about climate change or oil independence. His green stocks may do well this year on the hype anyway, but there will be no Green New Deal. That is an utterly ridiculous thing to even suggest, and this wonderful green hippie heaven he is envisioning with all these tax credits and moved away from oil doesn’t exist. I say this as someone who philosophically supports the GND.
Japan shorten timelines for zero ‘gas’ cars on the road - Boris/Brexit hyping a good deal and a new covid strain already spreading.

Monday is going to be so goddamn green
Terrible investing strategy on your dads part
 🚀  🚀  🚀  🚀
What annoys me the most is how the search field on desktop uses some jank and basic features of input fields don't work, ie home/end keys.
In a way it’s both your problems 😂 doesn’t make you any less broke.
No no, i fucked up the wording, she was healthy, they say it was a brain thing
Ban
i was emotionally impacted by it 😢
I see!!! Its cwazy. I'm not making any of this up or mixing up facts...but get downvoted. Haha!
It's horrible but this is what happens when they decide to close the casino for 3.5 days
Not really lol
No clue, I just don't see any reason to jump into positions right this second when there's clearly factors that might make the stock fall harder. For an established company like BABA to fall as much as it did in one day, you know this China beef is real. So I'd give it a few more weeks to see how it plays out, and if it starts to show strength to the upside, open a small position. If it trades sideways or down, you get a better deal on your leaps.
That's bull shit, no one has two ramen packs
[deleted]
Amen to that
Dont understand gang affiliation

Bull gang
Bear gang

Im in every gang personally
Again, most of this just seems like infrastructure that is already taken care of by city/state government and by the power utilities. 

This sounds like roadway lighting, or electrical pole Maitenance, or transformer replacement. 

This is all work that will be contracted out to local electrical shops that already deal directly with the city. 

To me the only the money that will be made is in selling the actual electrical devices, which will be a race to the bottom and come out of some Chinese factory that can undercuts everyone like all other electrical devices today. 

None of this sounds massively profitable.

Edit: I was an industrial electrician in my early 20’s working for a contractors out of Austin. The city would just contract the electrician company, we would order the devices from China, and install them for the city. The city owned or private utility company would then handle all the permitting, but outside of the purchasing of the devices, I don’t see the mechanism for profit back towards anyone else.

Edit 2: I also don’t see how there is any unique IP that will prevent the race to the bottom and keep already established electrical component manufactures from just coming in and dominating what is likely just old tech beefed up. The fact that you allude to this needing to be done quickly and on massive scale hurts the little up and comer companies because they would have zero chance of meeting the contractual demands of a place like Cali.
Well I do know a lot about Winnie The Pooh
Why
[removed]
Work in global dairy. Solid insight/DD. I would recommend anyone to dive into this a bit more it’s a valid concept. Be weary of futures. I don’t even play in futures in my own industry because it can get real wack quickly.
12/11 @1.40
Pretty sure I might go all in at open
Buying as much ARKG as humanly possible in the next few months
Never forget the great rape of March 2020 where a group of vicious bears penetrated the bulls virgin assholes from a surprise attack of the mass sell off LOL
Anyone else notice the massive peacocking BULLISH flag on PLTR? I think maybe one more dip down or maybe 0, then we blast off to new highs. Like a 20% pump or something
Vaccines from gamestop... You can't actually seriously believe in that?
[removed]
Jesus Christ you started with passed out, you meant died.
Let’s see that all time
Did you take profits this time?
[deleted]
For real
[removed]
Yeah, don’t worry about a house of cards when a slight unexpected breeze isn’t anticipated.
🤞🏻 June is enough time for BABA to leap 🐸
7/16/21 $155c
This isn't healthy
GME all day
Just because you’re commenting here doesn’t mean you’re a Wall Street better. Half of you are disqualified cuz the anti-snowflake requirement. Notice how my downvotes show the original wsb members are outnumbered
If you sell an ITM Put in the ETF and geht assigned you can buy it.
SURF kinda fucked up this month with that GSK licensing deal. PACB is the biggest holding in ARKG with CRSP so I'm bullish on it. I have a feeling there are some mergers and acquisitions that will happen at the top after ILMN tried to buy PACB. PACB IV is surging, I think that it might dip a bit lower giving a buying opportunity around 25 before it goes up to 30 and never comes backs again.
[removed]
BABA calls! 😎
Did she OD?
Take a look at C-L-N-E as well. I don't know anything about the company though except that the word "clean energy" is in their name.
Dudes the stock whisperer 🤫
They're still optimistic...gotta give it to em I guess
we bow down 🙌🏻
Donald? It that you?
Also ww3/nuclear Holocaust will slow it down a bit
I think it was 10mill.
It’s alright
44hrs 17min until market Open
I like ICLN cause it’s more diversified. If I had a larger bank roll I’d be in that, an a few other individual stocks. As it stands I’d rather get a broader exposure to the green energy industry than just solar, wind or just hydrogen.
Once you're rich enough the only thing left is masturbating your brain chemistry
140
Not only did they, they fucked it up for two consecutive leap years:

https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/fcoaev/and_now_a_brief_flashback_to_four_years_ago_where/
One of my GF friends died today, 24-25 years old.

Out of nowhere, in her sleep during the night, she just didn’t woke up.

I guess you truly only live once
Basically I figured out the answer while I was writing the question haha. Still looking at small caps a lot though.
He’s making a joke about Trump. He forgot to mention the small inheritance of $400 million as well
Soooo red Monday?
How much are helmets? I don't use them.
Net income of -150k? Stimmy check secured
PLTR Q WWG1WGA
Calls cause -99% return.
NVIDIA is mega bull from a fundamental standpoint. They cannot meet demand fast enough.
[deleted]
Check https://europoor.com/. I was too lazy and just use a published ARKG basket in trading212, but will have to adjust it manually.
I'm hodling stronk. I'm a believer.
[removed]
Is that a question or a statement?
not even close
I’d like XL to pull a QS. Then THC.B do the same. Finally making up ground these last couple weeks. 
GME, NIO calls, and QS puts sent me over the top.
BABA bouncing back to 230 tomorrow 🚀🚀🚀
I love how the comments are filled with people that haven’t even earned 10% of this but are giving him advice on what to do with it
[removed]
If this shit can make your dick bigger, there will be trillions in wealth created.
Nice
Typo fixed
COVID had a lot to do with it. Accelerated many things that stand to benefit from post-pandemic world
Fersher
Dollar menu millionaire
there's a cafe but all they have is nutriloaf and true, so pack snacks.
That's my take. WSB for useless, addictive noise, Investing for occasionally helpful information.
I agree with most of what you said, but looks like mega cap tech aside from apple is stuck. They arent moving while if you have a spac that knows a guy that bought an EV it will go up on association by 45% in 1 day
[deleted]
U/deepfuckingvalue you are a Fucking hero, this was such a dope trade and thanks for updating us all. Hopefully 2021 brings more tendies
Fancy delicious sandwich. Or a kebab\gyro
📉
[deleted]
Lmao fuck
Big caps not moving lately. I'm not sure.
just got around to listening, Kanye mentioned stocks booming on the second song we’re fine
As in sell portfolio go all in on ark, and gamble on options like i already do?
Think ARKK will hit 160 before 2/18
Good stuff. Be careful with NIO though. Better plays out there than NIO in my opinion.
I worked at gilead for a bit in the immunology team. can vouch for CRSPR because we bought proteins from them and used them in our assays
[deleted]
You can fill out a form with every broker i think so 800€ of your gains every year will not get taxed. Maybe you already know. Forget i said anything then
Amen.
[deleted]
I sure hope so lol
I think it's every 2 weeks !
That's it,  I'm convinced. Im jumping in GME come Monday. I hope it's not too late boys.
Just go way OTM on a leap. Pay for as little extrinsic value as possible if you're a believer
[deleted]
Nobody shows love for my guy ARKQ. That’s why it’ll moon.
“Buy low, buy high, just fucking buy everything ya f**kers” -Ray Dalio
Hey bud, it's a meme - copy pasting from Google.

>Shekels are the Israeli currency. It's generally used sarcastically  to refer to money, often with the connotation that Jews are greedy and try to control the market.
Sir this is a wallstreetbets Wendy’s. Try r/Investing down the road.

Also exchange BMW and NIO for AMD or TSM or GME.
Riot yolos
NO SOUP FOR YOU. Nio 1/29 50c
If ARKG and IPOC and GME do well over the next month... maybe that'll be one of the few doubles I need. I'm deep in ARKG. If it goes up 10% my leaps go up around 30-40%. I'm thinking maybe the 10k I have in the ARKG ETF should just go into leaps as well. Then I'd have almost 20k in ARKG leaps, and if ARKG goes up 20%, I've almost doubled that 20k. And GME-- hope it keeps going up. I'll probably sell around 40 or 50 per share. IPOC? Dunno, but long term hold. And I have calls on that one too. And BABA leaps as of thursday.... Who the hell knows, but I hope I start making some money here soon. Want to buy more random shit for myself and eventually buy a house.
I've of course been in on GME. What do you take me for? A boomer or something?
You belong in r/FemaleDatingStrategy
TSLA and CHWY is what i'm holding right now. Predictable, I know lol


My other ones (which did well) were PLUG and UCO. I sold way too early, but still took the profit and ran
Lol we yolo option here. But seriously tho where is your GME? What were you thinking not buying the dip during the fake drop after earning??? Where are your spac????
True except for Sgen or at least 85% of all
Started with $1,000 2 months ago and am now at 1500. I want to keep learning and make some damn money. It seems like options are where it's at for making and losing tons of money
bears ded
There’s a lot hype about ARKG which was a pretty slow and consistent gainer up until this year. Shit just took off to the moon. Haven’t seen a ETF move like that unless it was a leveraged one.
Puts on the Republican party
you couldve just answered the question bro
[deleted]
What's the ticker already, asshole?
[removed]
For you dumbasses who can't get around the paywall:

A convicted SAC Capital Advisors LP analyst at the center of a federal criminal probe of insider trading passed inside information to SAC fund manager Gabriel Plotkin, according to internal e-mails and two people familiar with the matter.

The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission said last week in a court filing that the analyst, Jon Horvath, funneled nonpublic information on technology stocks to two unidentified portfolio managers at Steven Cohen’s $15 billion hedge fund. The men then traded on the information, reaping more than $6 million for SAC Capital. Previously, only one had been identified in a separate court case: SAC fund manager Michael Steinberg.

The SEC’s complaint, filed the same day as its $616 million insider trading settlement with two SAC units, cited the same e-mails included as evidence by prosecutors in the trial of two of Horvath’s co-defendants. In those messages, Horvath passed information that came from inside Dell Inc. and Nvidia Corp., previewing earnings announcements. Steinberg and Plotkin, listed as recipients, exchanged messages with Horvath, according to the government’s evidence.

“It’s rarely good news to be mentioned in such detailed fashion by the U.S. like this,” said Anthony Sabino, who teaches law at St. John’s University in New York.

“Notwithstanding the settlements that SAC Capital has reached with the SEC, which are very narrow in scope, it still leaves the door wide open to further civil litigation and potential criminal prosecution for others mentioned in the SEC’s complaint,” Sabino said.

SAC Units
The government has been charging hedge fund employees and obtaining the cooperation of many as it pursues insider cases, including one against Cohen himself, who is being investigated. Since the five-year crackdown on market corruption began, at least nine current or former SAC Capital employees have been tied to allegations of illegal trading. Four have pleaded guilty. Cohen hasn’t been sued or charged, and has denied any wrongdoing.

Plotkin, 34, didn’t return a message seeking comment left at his home. The SEC’s March 15 complaint against the SAC units didn’t name him or Steinberg, or indicate whether they knew Horvath’s information was obtained illegally. Horvath pleaded guilty and is cooperating with the government.

Portfolio Managers
Neither Steinberg, a 15-year veteran of SAC Capital, nor Plotkin, one of 10 portfolio managers at its Sigma Capital Management unit focusing on consumer stocks, has been accused of any wrongdoing.

Plotkin did “nothing wrong” and “has built a successful career on a commitment to sound fundamental research,” Jonathan Gasthalter, a spokesman for SAC Capital, said in an e-mailed statement yesterday. “Plotkin lost over $6 million that day on a large Dell long position. He owned 1.8 million shares and 3,000 of Oct. 24 call options.”

Plotkin, who lives on Manhattan’s Upper East Side, joined SAC in 2006 and is among the firm’s top portfolio managers, overseeing more than $1 billion, according to a person with knowledge of the firm.

Steinberg was one of 15 SAC Capital portfolio managers handling technology, media and telecommunications stocks before he was placed on leave in September, said a person with knowledge of the matter who asked not to be named because they aren’t authorized to speak about the case.

‘Detailed Analysis’
Steinberg has done “absolutely nothing wrong,” said his lawyer, Barry Berke. “At all times his trading decisions were based on detailed analysis as well as information that he understood had been properly obtained.”

Plotkin’s identity was revealed in e-mails submitted as government evidence in the trial last year of Horvath co-defendants Anthony Chiasson, a co-founder of Level Global Investors LP co-founder, and former Diamondback Capital Management LLC portfolio manager Todd Newman.

Chiasson and Newman were convicted on federal insider trading charges in December and await sentencing in Manhattan federal court. They face as long as 25 years in prison.

A comparison of the SEC’s complaint, filed in the same court, with the e-mail evidence from that trial indicates Steinberg, Horvath’s supervisor, and Plotkin are the two men who executed the multimillion-dollar trades described by the securities regulator.

Ellen Davis, a spokeswoman for Manhattan U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara’s office, and John Nestor, a spokesman for the SEC, declined to comment on the agency’s allegations or the two recipients of Horvath’s e-mails.

Horvath’s Tips
The Justice Department and the SEC previously identified Steinberg as the lone Sigma fund manager who traded on Horvath’s tips on Dell, the Round-Rock, Texas-based computer manufacturer, and Nvidia, the Santa Clara, California-based maker of graphics processors. New York-based Sigma, with about $2 billion of assets under management, earned $1.4 million from Horvath’s tips, according to a federal grand jury indictment of him in August.

The SEC’s new complaint against Sigma, filed as part of last week’s SEC settlement of insider-trading claims tied to technology and pharmaceutical stocks, shows that Horvath’s tips on Dell were passed to two fund managers, helping Sigma earn or avoid losses which the U.S. now tallies at more than $6 million.

SAC and its affiliates settled the SEC’s claims of insider trading without admitting or denying wrongdoing. George Canellos, the regulator’s acting enforcement director, said the accord doesn’t preclude the commission from pursuing others at SAC.

The SEC’s investigation of the Stamford, Connecticut-based hedge fund is continuing, Canellos said. While the Justice Department and U.S. Attorney Bharara may initiate criminal prosecutions, the SEC is restricted to lawsuits with no penalty of incarceration.
Tf is that
You’re such a loser lol
[deleted]
They won’t stop the RUTHLESS ENERGY !!!
Its not wrong. The blue chips there are wild. People live on divs from BCE and CP.
How do we get this trending like Tesla, GME, or PLTR? It only has 4.5k followers on stocktwits. Can we get someone like partnoy on this?
[deleted]
Heard they were making a MP3 player called the zune too
I thought so, but we’re gonna be fine
💯
Wew lad good on ya
Doubt
Nvda going to continue to consolidate through earnings or actually move?
Bruh he owes like 2.5 billion across all of his debts lol
We’ve been banned from there since august lol
yup
Sorry daddy
I'm thinking of 2022 leaps on Monday, what strike would you recommend? I'm thinking 28-30
[removed]
loose the entire wad or lose? noose? moose?
Always was
It was epic
Producing the new GoPro with a screen on both sides was the smartest play they could've made. Now it's a legit easy to handle vlogging camera + webcam.

Didn't know they were publicly traded, I'll put some money in, this is gonna grow to 2015 numbers!!
I’m not worried. I’m just an options pussy. Fine with buying and holding stocks. I just have no feel for options trading.
Yeah. I hate pltr calls only go up to 50 dollar strike.  MMs running scared.
Not a lot as a percent of my total portfolio. However, the 8% of my portfolio that is in put options all have Jan 2022 exp dates. I need time for my retarded plays to actually play out. It’s why I only go long using shares instead of calls, if I’m wrong I’ll eventually be right so long as I only buy stocks with both solid growth ahead AND solid balance sheets.
I've been hearing good things about last pass. Will have a look.
torta
Panda express
I know, I’ve been saying it was too cheap when it was at $62. Getting absolutely bent over on my leaps the last few months as it slowly bleeds
Next few months will be big for clean energy I think
Do a slam dunk on GME end of year options right now with ur life savings, it’s practically risk free
Let Cathy do the work while you gamble
How safe is my $tsla 670c exp 12/31
Financial programs should undergo a "formal verification" to prevent these kind of situations. I bet the Robinhood does non and is only a thin layer over some more serious API.
Apparently available on a lot of irrelevant countries but not your neighbouring NL. Bummer, it looks clean and easy.
Bought Sellas at 14
[removed]
Sad
Lol I'm buying cuz there's more bullish post than bearish post on wsb
Lots of ARK talk this morning. Is this the top?
Kanker dik man
I heard MAGA2020 is a pretty secure phrase.
Think Apple will hit 137 by 1/22?
All day long
Bro you said thank you like 3 times and never called anyone a retard or mentioned how your wife fucks men in front of you. Are you fucking lost nerd???

And an unironic winking emoji ;) what the fuck is this shit
I used to think it was only English is not their first language, but now I'm not so sure. But then what the hell do I know, I still tell people to 'close the lights'.
You mention solar a lot, specifically. I am in ICLN so what about getting a little more specific with ... SunPower?
[deleted]
Set it and forget it.
[deleted]
Was in on CRSR same time as u/SIR_JACK_A_LOT, at this point was pretty new to investing and WSB. Mostly lurked. But would follow and generally invest with him ( not full account just a lil bit of good gainz) so since your posting this honestly thank you and fuck the haters.
pussy get back into gme or ban
[deleted]
good one kid
[removed]
[deleted]
[deleted]
lol jog on mate.  i'll stick with my free corey wayne thanks
I tried dog in myanmar, was good
[Original video](https://youtu.be/CAyWN9ba9J8) if you’re interested.
Tbh main reason I’m holding to it after merger is because paysafe is a legit company.

They own neteller and skrill, which do most of online gambling transactions.

But yeah 🚀
Nice consistency, damn. 

⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️
So you made it to the end of the title. Congrats friend. Probably an improvement.
This aged well. Congrats if you made some tendies.
Going to do some more research on the things you said then send you a dm to finalize a plan. Much appreciated.
Think JD will hit 89 by open?
[removed]
A LVM is
I just said that nkla won't make it in their subreddit and they removed my comment...are they like 5 year old kids?
105c? pussy
Bowing down to this High Value Male
[deleted]
[deleted]
Hahahaha Dillon u son of a bitch 🥰😘😂😂
Most yolo it to double it only to lose it in the end
What do you think about SURF or PACB?
I come to wsb for advice on all my choices
You've earned it queen!  Go pamper yourself you don't need no damn man!
Pay wall
Everyone go watch Soul on Disney+. Great for all ages
Long phrase seems to be of upmost importance. Thanks.
The discord tears that place up
Think PLTR will hit 30 by open ??
Isn’t that a joke on them both, the father and the son?
Yeah, why?
<3
[deleted]
Where tf have you been the past week
DJI lol
Good to know! Thanks.
[deleted]
U missed it bro it was hilarious, there’s some great copypasta material on that sub
Hahahah. I’ll post my winnings once i close so you can jerk off to them while you sleep on the couch.
I’ve been trying to pick out individual stocks from arkg. I’m only messing around with a small amount of money for options so I’ve found it to be more successful to look into individual stocks rather than the etf
Soooo how do u look for companies to invest in?
If they did, they should go bankrupt.
[deleted]
If your company allows in-service rollovers you can always roll a traditional 401k to a traditional IRA, then do a Roth conversion ladder if you have gains to retire early.
Spelling is a secondary market
Why would he want the same for his kids tho? Poor parents often can't make it better for their kids even if they wanted, your dad just sounds like a dick. Unless I'm missing something.
april long strangles sounds nice. im at 6p with a 15c. go and make me money.
Stick your neck out and get chopped. Stay in your lane, Seinfeld.
Who is downvoting all the toxic retards this is not what wsb was founded on
Lost me at goodbye GME
what does GME deliver expect memes?
[deleted]
Everything in Canada is basically a monopoly, or monopoly disguised as an oligopoly (wrap your fucking head around that).

Buy stock in Cineplex, our two airlines, a few banks, a few telecoms, our two grocery chains, and an oil sands interest and YOU TOO, fellow retards, can have a higher ownership stake in Canada than most of the dipshits who live and vote here.
Whole Lotta Red finally dropped, a bad omen ?
[https://www.nasdaq.com/articles/looking-for-spac-stocks-to-buy-in-2021-3-names-to-watch-2020-12-24](https://www.nasdaq.com/articles/looking-for-spac-stocks-to-buy-in-2021-3-names-to-watch-2020-12-24)
The market wants any reason to dump, problem is there won’t be any reasons for the foreseeable future
Not really tbh.
Which broker are you using?
[removed]
Wrong sub lol
Lost my job in April with the Covid shutdowns/layoffs. We owned a rental house that we had recently put on the market. The idea was to use the proceeds to buy a bigger house so growing kids had a bit more space. Walked away from the sale with about $84k, but decided to wait a year to buy to see if we could get more house for the money after the dust settled. 
Meanwhile we start tearing through that 84 paying down debts, and buying stupid shit we'd wanted for a while. I started noticing the markets basically giving away free money this past summer and eventually talked the wife into letting me play with a bit of our house savings. Opened an account with $26,500, and quickly found 2 things: first, making $200-300 a day was pretty easy. Number B, if I could keep this up I wouldn't have to find a new job. Between August and November I took between $500 and $1500 paychecks every Friday, and still turned that $26,500 into $42k basically doing a combo of day and swing trading stocks. 

Then I found you stupid bastards. My first week trading options I make $17k (most on PLTR and JKS). "Sweet! This is easier than stonks, and way more profitable. I'm gonna YOLO all my earnings on a buncha shit some stranger on the internet mentioned in passing." 
Next thing I know I'm watching values plummet on options with a bunch of letters not even knowing what the damn company is. 
Dug myself out of that carnage about 2 weeks ago with 22k left in the account. Lost about 20 over 2 weeks. Now I'm back to stocks with an occasional small option position, and trying not to let myself get talked into any more retarded shit...but still reading this sub a couple times a day.
Yes, and he used the credits to buy puts which forms a collar. It provides free downside protection assuming the call you sell pays for the put you buy.

It's very bearish and OP will miss out on huge gains should GME squeeze. But he won't get wrecked either during a pullback. So it's a conservative play. All I see here is covered calls, no puts. So either it isn't a collar or OP is hiding those.
What should I eat today 

Srs
Just 3 gays staring at each other
[removed]
I had an Indian aunty type as a doctor for a while, she checked my prostrate one time.  Still think of it often.  Niiiice.
Mods are ga.... not gay
Sell CC after big runs for mad returns
Wrong sub bro
u/savevideo
You’d be capping your potential upside if you did that. But you’d also save a lot of time and stress.
Soup nazi
U must be new here kid
QQQ would like a word.
Just thinking about Robin Hood as you want to be able to get your money into Robin Hood and get your money out. Lying about your age might possibly work to get your money into Robin Hood the also might not be able to get any money back out.

If you can't get any money out, what was the point doing it in the first place.

Valid options would be using somebody else's account to trade. And then trusting they will give you the money.
F’d
Quick post a hindenburg meme the mods are sleeping
That’s pretty good can you be my mentor
[deleted]
Get back here u pussy and loose ur other 150k.
Bat, dog, golden marmoset soup, whatever as long it was delicious
This.
Plus, Robinhood has a Python/Go backbone. Which means it's a classic startup clusterfuck of a server. Python and Go are great but most of the times the code is written by simps and is making me to want to gouge my eyes out
[deleted]
I troll here every day and follow the DD people post and do other research sometimes. The thing I wonder is where people get *that* information. I don't expect anyone to share their golden goose but something besides "the news" is helpful. Plus who knows how many bots there are that actual wall street deploys to places like this.
Did we get called out by FDS or something last night?
Its not without risk! The recent deals being a recent as they are and their balance sheet serve as reassurance though. As well as the streaming platform.

No risk, no reward. That's why its so undervalued in part. The stigma of the industry right now. Not for everyone! But good luck!
Someone on the night thread posted the sub in here and they were all going through it
[removed]
As long as many of those fuck do it for free 

They will keep going.

Not many make money of podcast 

YouTube monitzed vids is another story 

Fuckers there like jeramy and meet Kevin making like 3 million a year of that 

It’s a gold mind dude
Good. I’m already in
Yeah that dd about 9.8% and 4.4% got me ready to rock. I also ordered 95% of my xmas gifts from amazon and believe millions did the same. Plus the triangle going back to mid october. I've never seen such a beautiful setup. Get some good bull volume in and we're testing all time highs
go to r/investing or r/stocks
More like sucking dick behind Wendy’s to pay next month rent
Soup overrated
Lol we trading alt coins here too!?
I just renewed for two years at $100.  You should be able to do the same
[deleted]
You mean *is* right? Also people make dailies and weeklies on SPY here. You must be new
whats your low target
Where the hell are your options? Have fun “making money”........
I think the Q makes it bearish
[deleted]
[deleted]
and
I look at it like how much time do you have to invest into following these on a day to day basis. If you want to just set it and forget it or only check a couple times a week I'd say go mostly ARK for sure
Thanks homie!
Those are sick hats!  Whered you get em? Lol
Ah sick bro make sure to take the seat off your bike for an instant level up 😤
Amen.
I don’t get why we have banned tickers. Is it because penny stocks can be manipulated too easy? I would’ve thought wsb was a Wild West free for all of stocks and bets. Guess not.
Tired of loosing looser?  Haha you should be a weiner like I is.  Me made so much mooney I spend it all on new cloths for my side bitch.  Sexy drawers and shit.
What kind if soup
Any sector u familiar with? Maybe just start from there
How safe is my $tsla 670c exp 12/31
He didn’t learn a lesson you tards he got lucky we’re in an insane bull market.
bat soup?
Can’t tell if serious
Yeah why not
More pictures next time!
I started investing on june..& i learn to not go all in on a stock that i havent done no DD on...i got into stocks that had already run up 30-40% ... i messed with penny stocks instead of smart investing like Microsoft, tesla, apple, adobe, ark..etc you get my point...I also learned that im super emotional with options and penny stocks, so i switched into long term plays and smart plays..Nio, tesla, sbe are the ones that got me back on my feet ! Best of luck brother!
SVAU but backwards
[deleted]
Retarted app for retarded traders. Nothing wrong
He's not wrong.  I've been selling monthly covered calls on my  GME.  Like you I've somewhat tried to sell my calls when GME has upticks.  Selling .20 deltas still returns a little over 10% montly returns.

A collar however is buying a put against your position.  For example I did that for Q3 earnings funding the premium by selling covered calls against it.
How? It’s as relevant as your baseless biased comment of ARKG having no gas left in the tank lmao
Or ark the goat of etfs
I learned to use long term options on stocks that dip hard for no reason shorting stocks with leap calls always murders me
Mind your P's and Q's folks. Mods are awake.
I pulled some similar fuckery with BB last week. Bought when it was -17% on Friday and sold when it went up 4% on Monday. Nothing like a good swing trade to make you feel like a true degenerate who makes money off of absolutely nothing but some Kahonas of the large variety.
Hey man....even I am doing the same.. except it's called as education loan . it's interest free and issued in public sector banks of my country. I am 19y/o living with my parents.( I am from India). So I got around $15k as education loan and I have invested upwards of $8k from the same.
To think I didn't use google and get as worthless as a result as your answer, ur edgy bro, go back to fortnite
hmmm RIOT looking nice.....we BTFD boys? almots profitable, huge PPE increase, and R&D up bigly
WSB full of HVM
You should really just move money into $gme. Risk-adjusted basis it’s like a Fckton better... if
You’re in canada it’s EB games...as in Erect Boner Games in anticipation of tendies
Jus troll wsb and buy up shares or calls when stonks are red
It's tempting but I'm holding out on China-based companies. I know it's primo stock rn but can't stomach the thought of throwing even more of my money into that country than I do buying products.
[deleted]
Dad here, your mom‘s new friend says I need to give that back to him soon
CRSR below $40 is a bargain right?

Confirmation bias only please
Hahaha yeah I’m about to bike 🚴 outside hard to type with gloves and my hard cock in my lulu leggings sports wear
Certified hood classic
Sucks that the mods are gone :(
That's an odd place to get a vaccine.
Thanks G. Any other books you recommend?
90% memes
[deleted]
LEAPs are a good bet. I hold various bullish bets on GILD: Selling puts, buying calls — near term and long term, and owning shares.  GILD at $57 is way too cheap.
I would kill everyone in the world and leave 3 survivors for a bowl of an amazing soup right now
Do you sell weeklies? How far out of the money ?
Hey maybe it’ll be at 60 again someday
Lost?  This is a casino.
[removed]
It always makes me laugh when  people worry about tax on free money. You’re literally sitting on your phone, waiting.

I took this post as satire, btw.

Congrats and fuck you
Arkg
He might be soon though:

https://www.forbes.com/sites/danalexander/2020/12/02/trumps-deutsche-bank-loans-appear-to-be-in-trouble/

Tl;dr he owes a shit ton of money to Deutsche and the collateral is in bad shape.
Will do
people prolly said the same shit about YouTube back in 2008
Metabolic Nutrition ESP
do you mean Stocktwits?
to bad both your wives are with me now since you two are to busy comparing sizes when im over here making baller ass calls
Dashlane/Passkeep 

Don’t bother making your passwords super complex with tons of letters and symbols (although DO include some) but use a long phrase. Instead of “P@ssw0rd$&()!!” Or whatever do “MyPasswordSetOnNovember23rdIsThis?!”.

Length > complexity but complexity has its place.

Also actually DONT change your passwords too often because that tends to make the passwords formulaic and easy to guess or you have to write them down to remember them. Policies that make you change your password every month or so are more damaging than helpful.
Ohhhhh. That hurt sooo bad. My life is ruined
Analfarmer2 is a legend
[removed]
She buys me dinner
Yeah I'm down to put some serious time in I just don't have a clue what I'm doing.
[deleted]
Only 5% of my portfolio is ARK etfs. The rest is basically most stocks that are already in the ark funds. Do you think i should just sell off my whole portfolio and go all in on the ARK’s? I figure why not if all the other tickers in my portfolio are probably shared by ark.
Any idea when OAC / For Hims will complete the merger? Have they voted yet?
I’ve only seen it for $100. I’ll see if I can find a discount code.  For $50 I’ll give it a try.
[removed]
>https://spactrack.net/activespacs/

Nice, thanks. This is the kind of thing I was looking for.
L2F I had a stroke trying to read this bro one of us is retarded here lmao
Hey now I don’t need your logic.  I’m just bitter that my Apple TV doesn’t play my VHS’s.
I’m in this picture and I don’t like it.
Did you know r/nikolacorporation still exists? People there literally believe this company is real
not if he wants to reach the moon, or his grave.
Thanks had no idea about that. Does it let you buy options?
I like this, I’ll bite
Go read Investing for Dummies. Seriously, it will teach you how to read a balance sheet. If you can read a 10Q you will be ahead of 99% of people and able to offer some manner of cogent thoughts.I read it back in the day. No shame in learning.
Big Fuggin Titties. Literally cannot go tits up.
number 4 is crucial to the process
Get back in your hole
Why buy Chinese, when you can buy GME?
*not stupid enough to trade options
The time to get in is before any news breaks nerd
Ditto. Way too many passwords to remember. Don't do Boomer shit like writing it down or making an Excel sheet.
This
A statement of fact is that gme is due to go down short term until Cohen completely takes over. How far? Maybe 18...By no means am I bearish and as a fellow autists who rode GME both ways - pre-earnings lotto and rode it back up to heaven I’m trying to give fellow friends another option - especially those who may have missed the boat. FOMO is real.
Go off King.
Who's your helmet guy damn
sell the dip
AY = AYyyyyyy lmao
[deleted]
guh
Noice!! Get some RIOT too :D
sonuvabitch

I was so sure today was sunday

fuck
I gave Mama Cathy $40,000 on Christmas Eve.

Please bring me tendies in 2021...
So what options should I buy with my Christmas money?
😜🤪
This is too stupid for wsb
Since October, there has **not been a single day** where SPY closed more than 1% below the previous day's close.

It sounds like I'm lying, but it's true.
Mushrooms very much increase the trading experience, it's like Yeezus himself is guiding your autism
ARK G 

AND ARK F 

Is for 2021 the sectors that will go crazy up 🆙 

More ark g 

Cathy will be know as the greatest investor ever by 2025
Password2
That’s what I’d make if I could do this.
I don't think the console cycle will last into 2022. I think that a Cohen situation will be very different but I don't have the same confidence as you do in him. I do think that it will maintain a higher valuation because of him but I am not certain it will actually sit at a higher valuation because of him. Gamestop, the company, even with better management, still needs something very different to happen.

I mean it would have to basically open a symposium for source or code and develop it's own games or become a studio that works something like Y-Combinator for artists. That is what is next in gaming with indies and coding becoming so popular but teams being too small or dispersed and funding being so short.
I bought at $15 and sold at $22
Get a dildo and suck the dent out
Ask her about nio
It's prettier Monopoly money. The silver lining is that it hurts less when your fake money is Marianna's Trench in the red.
Done deal as in merger will be confirmed on Tuesday! Still under the radar though as most people don’t know about it. Time to load up on Monday before confirmation and 🚀
so, i havent ever actually watched Bee Movie but...

my understanding is Barry is a free bee, working out of some natural bee hive in central park or whatever, and he leads a law suit to end the private side of the honey market

He is outraged by how other bees, in privately owned bee hives, are treated

so....why does Barry's hive shut down after the lawsuit? Why did bees lose their jobs at the co-op hive that never needed private equity to stay afloat?

He was unaware humans ran hives, stole honey, or enslaved bees, meaning that ending that system should have *zero* impact on his own hive
Who said I lost anything you autist
I'm finally winning for once thanks to GME!
I'm good. They literally sold their headquarters for cash. I don't think their cash flow struggle is over. 

I'd be worried about dilution. That's a no from me dog...
What lesson did you learn? Please share with the new tards and aspiring tards here.
How do I short the podcast bubble? Just because you can talk into a shitty iPhone broadcaster app doesn't mean you should.
My reasoning primarily stems from looking at the current market cap through the price/revenue multiple. GME is currently trading around 0.3x revenue on a last twelve month basis. In my eyes, this extremely low valuation reflects a declining company, which has the possibility of a near term bankruptcy. 
My base assumption is, that ceteris paribus all other crazy effects, GME will show positive earnings in Q4 and show a revenue increase in 2021.
All of a sudden, we have a growing company with a lot of potential and a large Power up customer base of 50 million users in the gaming sector, which has been growing 20 % (!) In 2020. Additionally no bankruptcy in sight due to USD 600m cash.
From my perspective, this justifies a valuation around 1x revenue, given an investor a 300 % base case return at current valuations.
Therefore and of course with the upside of all other effects, I feel comfortable buying until USD 30.
The one eyed man is king.
can we have a bot that bans people who use "loose" instead of "lose" for one hour?
So I should be expecting more than just the regular stimmy check?
Fair enough bro I was just talking to some other retard about how I bought a bunch of bright pastel colored shit for Christmas cause I fuck with that 80s Miami Vice vibe 

in some circles I’d be called a rainbow too
Only need to double your account a few times. No biggy
Lots of audiophiles actually. It’s better quality than Spotify.
Best of luck man, hoping this will help me finally breakeven.
[deleted]
Which way 😉
Does the drone still have room to grow?
Shares.
No wonder you idiots can’t trade. You can’t even fucking spell!
Fuck yes !!

Show em the vains in your cock to assert your dominance 

NO FEAR😎
I have 59c for Dec 31
No sweat gonna hit Aths this week
Not enough GME
Please take at least one course of Macro.
Load up the calls on PSTH
This thread also made me somewhat more bearish and scared about having 50% of my portfolio in arkg. There are people who know this technology who thinks it’s a massive bubble https://www.reddit.com/r/Biotechplays/comments/ki318w/are_crispr_companies_like_beam_intellia_editas/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf
Man, the British version of RobinHood looks just as different as The Office
Yawn.
What calls you have
Buy the dip on alibaba.
People who give real DD and find winners spend a ton of time doing this shit and researching and looking at charts and watching market activity.  Basically a full time job or hobby
Nah, if Penny stocks are allowed then this sub will be **flooded** with Pump & dump junk stocks because the rest of the investment world sees this sub as easy marks filled with fools that have too much money.
I figured it out. 

If you take the word GameStop and change it to GeneStop, you have to wonder what are the genetic stop codons that code for a GENE stop?

They are UGA, UAG and UAA. 

1 - the Georgia bulldogs are trash and only Alabama and Florida are reasonable teams in the SEC. 

2- UAG is some trash agriculture ticker so fuck that one. 

3- UAA aka Under Armor. It’s a sign. I have one of their polos for golf. 

Basically Cathie Wood is telling us to buy UAA! 

$UAA 4/16/21 22.5c last ask .55!!!
🚀🚀🚀
Obviously anything can happen. But big money seems to be chasing better return opportunities for now. 

I am also not saying FAANG is going away or will be trading sideways for 12 months.
Haha.
Yeah wall street hates it when you don't give them money.
How do I learn how to do this? Can you spoon feed me a book or other resource?
Buying any chinese stocks right now is retarded

Which means most of you likely did on thursday
Are you buying on European exchanges or it's just RH showing it in EUR?
what's the drama with FDS again, seen people mentioning HVM
How tf do you have more buying power than your account's value? FAKE.
Imagine calling your fund Melvin.
I really hope ICLN comes back this week for one good pump.
OTM and still up 1000+%. You sir, are an autist God.
pretty much, i like nice things. when I make money trading it goes into buying this kinda shit for myself
Diversifying revenue streams allows them to maintain their current levels even if the mobile device business slows down.
Man a Indian aunty with a big thick ass is something that just always raises my testosterone
spactrack.net
What’s mfa? Like craigslist male for anyone?
So basically you're throwing a fit because someone abandoned you all for being annoying children. That's even less glorious. Be certain the mod quit because of you, not in spite of you, as it is a waste of time to moderate thousands of people who do... this.
He's kinda killing it the way he's going regardless
I’m a strong, self-respecting, independent High Value Male
I am not committing to my statements, only speculating. I don’t think it will stay flat for 12 months either, only talking about returns.
Aw shit
I pray
Shit coins is cyrpto.
Using GME to get attention automatically gets a downvote from me
Quick question, my tda seems to have 2fa enabled but whenever I downloaded tos on my new pc, all it needed was my password in order to give me access... Am I doing something wrong?
So... it has potential to keep running? Stonks only go up
What's the main lesson you want to share. Im down 14k. Thanks
Fuck lambo, I’m getting a condo and escorts
I’ll say around $300 each for some Nasdaq whores
Please dont buy a fucking car you retard. Grow this money.
puts on your IQ. this dd is dog shit
Turn on 2FA everywhere that supports it. Don’t use sms, get an authenticator app from google or Microsoft. Use a password manager and change all your passwords to at least 24 characters or as long as the service supports. Make your master password a long ass phrase.
I can prison fuck your lets go meet me
Thank you for the link. He definitely put the retard in WSB.
Pre phase KO from PhaseOneNutrition is pretty dope has DMHA in it. Strong af tho I only take half a scoop or less. Only places Ik sell it or direct and The Nutrition Outlet(.c o m) that’s where I go
🌈🌈🦄🏳️‍🌈
Client side validation IS useful, what the fuck are you talking about??

Imagine the time saved if the client doesn’t have to communicate with the server, and the server doesn’t have to tell the client that it’s input is fucking stupid. That’s probably ~200 msecs just from network propagation.
so they dont sell thinkgeek crap anymore?
Yep have that
We can still discuss thesii without markets being open.
Oh man. My life is ruined because a random Redditor doesn’t like my dd. Someone must have puts.
Why wouldn't the squeeze look like what TSLA has been doing all year? I'm assuming all those times it mooned for no reason were from squeezes.
Your post has been removed because a single link is insufficient DD. Please review the following links before resubmitting.

Please note that abusing DD flair can lead to getting banned.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

[How to conduct DD](https://www.wallstreetoasis.com/forums/on-the-job-with-simple-as-my-research-process)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
He just woke up to sell me the shares I exercised on QQQJ calls.  Can go back to sleep now. Thank you beer. You a good boy.
Yeah crazy how misinformed people are
Gotta look at how healthy every financial aspect is, as well the potential growth.
Wait how are you only up 30% if CRWD is up over 100% since you bought?
Real alpha there
MT = Meh Tendies. BFT = Big Fucking Tendies

I said what I said
50%. Perfectly balanced. As all things should be.
Gonna go shopping and buy a cashmere sweater for myself. brb
Imagine the feeling waking up this early in the season 😂
Tren
So... lumber futures?
Acording to the washington post 1 man that makes 5 million a lifetime/40 working years would make 111 k a year which equals in 100th percentile (which doesnt exist) and that is untaxed income. So yeah. Ruled. https://www.washingtonpost.com/graphics/2018/business/global-income-calculator/
[deleted]
Tend Skin. Ive used it for years and it helps
If you call your dollar coins "loonies" and two dollars "toonies" is it a real currency?
U really think large cap 

FAANG is gonna stay quite ?

Are u fucken stupid 

They will rule the country one day and fuck anybody in there way and make there own version of the product as soon as proof of concept is made or plain old buy out
Wonder if these infinite money glitch losers ever had to pay out the full amount since RH basically admitted they did not fully disclose the risk when they patched this out.
Baba open with 5% on Monday
[removed]
Hope so. I got scared when I saw the stimulus isn’t being signed.
Just picked up a few Donnie J inspired fits for Christmas actually. We’re living in the new age of American excess might as well dress like it
https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kjr9vs/tell_me_your_story/ggzumxz/
Buy it yourself you stingy glans goo
I feel like baba gonna bounce back 5% at open
Spend your life digging through financial statements, interview management, and figure out the market industry the business is in to determine a fair market value. And then something something something sell to those who are overly optimistic and buy from those who are hopelessly pessimistic
There are options available on both of those, TAN and PBW.
lol power iq? Sometimes the obvious thing is the right thing.
[removed]
Somehow i have a good feeling about this
I like this stock indefinitely and will be selling contracts after she stabilizes in the double digits
THIS SUB IS NOT FOR POSTING GAINS RETARDS
[removed]
Tl;dr gambling via insurance
**No one is suggesting that changes aren't happening in the movie business. The streaming thing is true but if you read the DD you would understand that CGX has a monopoly on theatres in Canada AND is heavily invested in a quality streaming service. This is what makes them well-positioned coming out of covid. This is why Universal just signed a massive deal with them..**

The point is making money. Isn't that why we are here? The stock is way too undervalued considering the financials, recent press and the pandemic.

Also CGX had great attendance in the summer, millions of people went to the movies even though it wasn't at pre covid levels at all. So your 25% statistic is baseless conjecture when it comes to the general company and likely also wrong wrt to the vast majority of small towns. Attendance numbers available in the investor relations report.
Jokes on you I'm already in GME
How much she charge bruh 😎
U dropped this ,
lol blinking F
[removed]
[deleted]
Congrats bro, welcome to the 100k club.
What do you think I'm here for?
[removed]
Yes 

Make a longer password and don’t use 

Password1
Wall Street hates this one simple trick!
Blocking phone numbers is one of the most underrated methods for getting rid of debt.
That’s most single stock specific subs though.  TSLA, SQ, PLTR are all circle jerks. Weed stocks was bad too, but they have kinda been beaten into submission by shifty performance of their weed stocks
Is there breaking news in the space?
And it's better for partying.
See you Monday when you FOMO into GameStop!
eh this is total shit DD sorry
I agree! I think we rally through the week! I think it hits 4K after earnings.
Am I fucked on my GME 12/31 23C? Bought it Thursday and it isn't doing so hot.

GME please spike Monday
AMZN has room dude what? It’s been range bound for 5 months and is undervalued by most boomer analysts even. Lmfao.
Believe so too
It's not the worse idea.  BUT if you think it'll be short term volatile and long term bullish then sell CSPs ootm.  That premium will fund your leaps.

If you've played it right then as volatility drops the profits from your CSPs will offset the excessive premium you've paid for the LEAPS.  Of course there's lots of other variations
It is a damn Christmas miracle that this place isn’t full of bears salivating over the stimulus not being signed.
Done and done. I don't have the capital for options yet but I'm loaded up on shares. It's time to start making some real money.
[deleted]
Have you ever shorted anything? It is not expensive.
[deleted]
Omg your last paragraph is so relatable. I can help you though. I know 100% the inns and outs of law of attraction. There is an extremely good scripter his name is Shannon L Matteson. He has a website called indigo mind labs. There he has under Adult related stuff DMSI (develop maximum sexual irresistibsblity) this is a mind persuading Programm that changes your body odor to push out pheromones and become extremely magnetic.

He also has something under personal development called Ultra luck and success. He has the most advanced scripting techniques.

It’s really easy to get laid with his DMSI subliminal you need to invest 4 hours a day though and follow his instructions. 

Trust me if you buy these 2 subliminals from his website you will make money in the stock market and get laid.

I studied this whole year everything about manifesting and this is the easiest way to get money and women. Only downside you can only use one Programme at once.


Check out Shannon’s website subliminal talk there are all the testimonies. It really works wonders and you get laid on auto pilot because the script makes your body do all the right things. 

His success subliminal will make you make the right decisions in the stock market and you will have massive luck. Women will also react to you differently with the success subliminal.

It’s 200$ but we’ll worth it. Better than investing it in stocks. I already found a scratch off on the ground today. 

It also has protection against narcissistic people in it. You will have to listen to ocean wave sounds for a few hours a day but you can power through it with AirPods
ill make sure to give you some patches and glue...
So, you think it would be still wort it to buy MARA at the beginning of Monday?
Gran autismo right here
[deleted]
 do it again please. I’m running out of fap materials
I've been learning more about SPACs lately. Can I ask where and how you yourself invest in them?
I hadn't ever read about the interconnectivity of women as a factor in their successfulness. You're probably right; that's an interesting venue that I hope someone decides to study. I mean if anything that would also give them an edge as consumers by which they are the largest consumer group of the diverse goods in the world.
What does that mean? Can't he just sell the stock for $100k?
The stimulus is not happening apparently.
Just say you’re cousins
GME (gamestop) is a garbage stock, brick and mortar eventually will be extinct.
Carbon black cloud sensor
One less 🚀 and I would’ve sold it all.
The account is in Euros. Euro also appreciated against USD in that time span. I think your gains in USD may be closer to 280%
No one is going to suffer from sickle cell anemia if they can afford gene therapy based on that
You got a thing for baby cock? What are you? A mohel?
[deleted]
I'm in western NC.  I'd make the drive to Charlotte for the chance to meet bigger degenerates than I am.
ill pray for you
I dont know what this means, but Im pretty sure it is retarded.
More like pussies that don't and can't actually do anything entered the chat. A Lion with no teeth and claws isn't scary, it's cute.

Edit: It ain't the SEC you should be worried about. It's the IRS. Tax man will take more tendies than the Kittens ever will.
Because it f'ing easy...who cares if its an ultimate failure...do you know how the stock market works? It's based on forward outlooks and rumors and pumps. I dont give f if it works or how many people use it. I'm get my money and moving the f on before it dumps.
ARKG
I reckon SWI is going to make a reliable comeback in the market. They are the only major server for the US Military, realistically no one can allow them to fail. One-month hold?
Yeah you are right.  If OP is over 30 and still thinks like this he should reevaluate some things.  Ironically people who have that mentality are more than likely poor themselves.
Hahaha
[removed]
Didn’t read shit. But I’ll fap to cathie etfs  any time
Next ARKG pull back I'm dumping the rest of my cash into leaps. Maybe even selling shares and putting them into leaps. Then I'm gonna set and forget. Not gonna look at my RH account for a month if thats possible. Hope to open the account to be much higher.
Yes but remember you own .5 of a stock that’s 600$ (so 300$) vs owning .1 of a stock that’s 3000$ (also 300$). It’s the same thing
i agree holding post merger is risky but in the case of paysafe i feel like yeah itll dip for a short period post merger, but itll climb back up especially if it becomes a meme on this sub and in general because it looks like a solid company. But tbh depending on the gains before i sell before
both float except one depreciates every time u turn the key
My biggest play of the year one 3175c and 2x 3350c both expiring next week. I really think we'll break out to 3500
Didn’t they forget about leap years in their API?
Can I get some real advice here? How the fuck am I actually supposed to research a stock? Outside of reading DD here and judging it's quality by how many 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀 there are I am fucking clueless. I am very green and need some entry level to intermediate resources to actually learn and develop a strategy. So far I have just been selling csp on pltr and then reinvesting the premium I collect into far dated calls/LEAPS. Help an aspiring autist out. How do I learn enough to be the guy that posts DD instead of the yard that jumps on the bandwagon to late?
I got DKNG and PTON ads
... this may be the top
Pretty much this. Most of the ones you really “feel” are just loaded with caffeine and stims.
Climbing mountains builds character. Merry Christmas ya filthy animal
Thanks steel daddy! See you at the finish line 😎🚀
Okay boomer
Enjoy! https://spactrack.net/activespacs/
If you double your money 3.5 more times you’ll be a millionaire!!! The hard part is already over!
DUCKTALES - FAKE AF
By turning off the snowflakes feature
[deleted]
In my opinion ARK is buying some of these larger companies because:
A - They are seeing massive inflows, which they must invest. They already own 10-15% of the smaller companies they are bullish on and they (or the company boards) might be uncomfortable with ARK owning more. 
B. They also can’t hold a large cash position, so if they see are anticipating cheaper prices in the near future they would also likely buy up lower volatility large caps.
Saying thanks to OP now for the future loss porn.
funny orange person broke
Dude. Both are going to the fucking moon
The internet
Stock Twats
I’m a fan of LastPass for password management. LifeLock for identity protection.
Well my point is that even though it's a genetic defect  sickle cell is actually a survival trait that keeps people from dying from Malaria. Even negative traits can have benefits.  With global warming in the rise mosquito populations will rise and so will Malaria. Then those who have sickle cell will be the lucky ones. 
No one knows what an apenndix does but I'm sure theres some evolutionary reason for it... 
Science is amazing and scary.  But then we have been practicing genetic modification by selective breeding for eons too...
Starting to have withdrawals
I’m 25 with only two ramen packs.
That's a lot of money to yolo!
https://www.reddit.com/r/NikolaCorporation/comments/kjjijo/nkla_gonna_make_it/ggxh9v4/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf&context=3
Can’t lie, thought he was carving a penis at first.
She thinks she is the punisher but truly is a little submissive bitch
[deleted]
Your autocorrect has exposed you. Found Su Bae’s power bottom!
so a 2017 alt corn type of year
This :

Hi guys first off I'll keep it fast and simple cause some are retards some autistic. 

Since Cramer recognizes WSB, we have as much to say as Credit Gay and Shitron. WSB analyst ANAL KING price target for PLTR 42$+ for 2021. This is not financial advice, do your own DD. This is for autism purposes only. Invest at your own risk.

This is a former DD post from u/Felsommer so all credit to him! :

https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/keu3ca/pltr_will_moon_soon_i_got_proof/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share

Next the 1H must watch video on PLTR :

https://youtu.be/_0i9XU3MA7s

And a last one Alex Karp saying PLTR will be the most important software company in the world :

https://youtu.be/6loNXj3LSaw

Now I could add way more, like all the clients they already have etc...etc... so also do some research!

TLDR - All in PLTR
It’s the only spac I’ll probably hold through merger
Full proof strat 

Never failed
Ill pray for you!
GME
Who the fuck goes to bars anymore boomer 

We in 2020 man 

What next u gonna recommend him to get a CD player
Yea not gunna lie, heavy compound movements give me a semi sometimes
https://youtu.be/7UG23gE5f6M

This helps with my autistic ways.
20 is guaranteed soon
🤦🏻 Where to begin. He won the lotto and doesn’t even know it.
hahahaha. Make sure to wave to me on my yacht. Ill wave you to on your floaty. PLTR is related to GPRO how....?
[deleted]
When I "call" your wife, I have the option to acquire that "ass"et.

When I "put"  an ad on Craigslist, I'm selling your wife's "ass"et.
Lol
Only if you're picky about how many teeth they have.
Mods ban, anyone shorting Tesla is not worth this sub
I have exposure to ARKG but also buying TAK last week and trying to get to 500 shares this week to sell some puts
Nah, PED 5 inhibitors don’t just work on your dick, they were actually found then researching how to lower blood pressure. If you have a pump the blood goes to the muscle not your dick
It means we're the support level that stops Reddit from going bankrupt
Got it. Puts on PLTR.
Dude being a fat poor fuck can hinder your ability to get ass anywear 


Solution : 
1. Try to lower stands and try getting cock instead I’m Grindr.


2. Work for door dash or Uber eats and save some money up to hire a escort 

Supply and demand. 


“There are many roads to get what u want stop picking the hard way. “ - L2FMM
Youtube/Google it, once you do that basic stuff for yourself you will find lots of helpful people. Also going to warn you options are financial dynamite know what you are doing or blow up your account.
They key is to pick a strike SUUUPERRRR OTM. That way you maximize profit. So simple.
People are still betting on MSFT, AMZN, NVDA, FB, etc. Even Apple isn’t likely to run that much.
fair enough. let the kindergartner’s who don't know how to read get pissed. Let the specials who can read go the heaven with me on our yachts.
[deleted]
Had to see how retarded OP is. Confirmed OP is a major retard.
Shit! When did you buy in for 7/16 and for how much?
Someone  
spell  
out  
the  
banned  
ticker  
with  
spaces
It just means that when you hear boomer cunts try to tell you that “stocks are risky” and “index funds” and other (insert idiotic stock market tropes of yesteryear) you can confidently tell that person to get fucked. 

The game has changed.
Dammit I need a plug
PLTR man 🚀🚀🚀 💎🖐 that 🚀🚀🚀
My NYE resolution is to up my online security measures big time. Any suggestions? I don't mind paying for a service. Some shit that changes my passwords in the background every day or some shit like that?
This is what I’m wondering. Sitting on a call expiring Monday that’s as up as of last close.
A few years younger, actually.
Negative bro. This is as close as you’ll get to fight club. Don’t talk about this shit irl.
or get lucky and invest it all into #GME, the next #AMZN tbh
Lmfao! Wow whoever made this AINT SHIT for this hahaha.

I remember that story popped and I was still learning about trading. More specifically so I dont do whatever retarded shit that kid did. And he's an incel too? Oof.
That feel when doing deadlifts with a raging erection 😎👌
Or over Kyles mom’s big fat Jew nose. 

-Cartman
Never heard of it, what do they do?
[deleted]
I'm asking why people will start using their software without having the go pro. That is the whole bull thesis based on what was written. Why will people pay 4.99 per month or whatever to use their software if they don't already have a GoPro.
Mid 30s and restarting in a new country because covid fucked up my previous moving / work plans...

I'd probably do some seriously degrading shit for 3.5k
As a Canadian I agree. Even before covid hit, my local theater was always at 25% occupancy. Everyone has moved into streaming.
Sitting on 800 shares

To be honest holding after merger is always a huge risk, but just so I don’t kill myself in case it runs up even more. My plan is to sell half before merger and hold half till after merger just in case it goes up to andromeda
Won't people notice my hard penis in the gym though
LFG! 💰
Worth the $50/year imo
3280/3300 12/31 were 1.67 at Thursdays low.
[deleted]
damn i'm retarded lol. what stocks do you think will moon this up upcoming week?
Shorts are going to continuously cover for a while. Not just this week. 

This recent run is not the squeeze. You’ll know it’s a squeeze when you see fat jump in stock price. The squeeze is something that people are hoping to happen. Doesn’t mean it will, though. 

Either way, as of right now, this stock is bullish. Volatile, but bullish. Make sure you have 💎🙌🏽
[removed]
around 3.50
I felt his heart beat quicken as his brain caught up to what he was seeing
Hmm have you even tried googling it?? There’s a ton of resources out there where you can actually find information. Check investopedia or even the FAQ page or better yet use the search bar to browse this sub because this has been asked and answered many times before.
Thanks genius. Lmfao.
This isn’t google you fucking t@rd
You forget the end, when if he held another month it would be worth $500k
Check out this thread and Investopedia:

https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/k2a2j8/options_explained_a_quick_beginners_guide/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf
This is what I do as well. I also do ETFs instead of just singular stocks
Fundamentals flair check out
Missing mine a lil rn, ngl they're fucking wild
Fuk her harder than Winnie Xi Pooh fucked Jackie
Reckon flat on possibility the stimulus may not be stimulating enough or far too stimulating
I have some 3280/3300 12/31s, 4500 1/15 (don’t judge me)
Cialis works wonders for pumps. Been just doing caffeine, cialis, and beta alanine rn. Looking for something a lil more hardcore
[deleted]
[deleted]
I’m pretty retarded, but I’m not that retarded
Thanks all for the tips!
SPY 400 confirmed
Hydrocortisone, book it.
Difference is that women need articles like this
Start off with the weed early. Then the coke and hit the steroids before the trade.
Theres a sweet pussy by the name of LaMelo Ball
"why can't you afford a house? I got one bagging groceries in 1960!"
Amino Energy. It’s pussy shit too.
Yeahhhh !! Twerk that fat ASSHOE bro 😎
Back in the gym getting a pump and raising my T for Chinese mistress later. Gonna get some good DD on Chinese stocks out of her.
Sheetz and it’s MTOs
its tragic how right i think you are.  i dont want this to be the case but i cant seem to see evidence to the contrary.

every time i'm walking around my city i always see the same thing:  groups of lads with 1 or maybe 2 girls.  It's reverse harems - which is, incidentally, one of the most popular story formats for books aimed at women.  the format is where 1 girl has the choice between several men who love and adore her.  Even more disturbing is that there's also a lot of popularity for this weird combination of reverse harem and school bullies - a book where a nervous and scared girl gets bullied by some chads but ends up banging them

no, i'm not joking or exaggerating.  this is actually how fucked up sexuality really is.

i think in some ways its good that women have their voice in politics, they push for more "socialist" stuff.  i'm dead against socialism but you NEED that energy trying to make life better for people - but we should not abandon men putting their foot down and saying "simmer down, we cant do that yet".  

honestly my theory is that you can apply gender stereotypes to geopolitics.  there's a reason that communist russia was the MOTHER land and fascist germany was the FATHER land.  One was pathologically trying to make everything fair and share stuff out, one was trying to dominate and control.

meanwhile as a generic man, my supposed meaning in life is to work really fuckin hard for most of my life til i get deemed worthy of giving my money to a woman who settles for me.  wowee sign me up?
lmao.
I'm getting divorced soon. I'll tell you shortly. In NC.
Did you lose everything before or after you started projecting your inadequacies on random internet strangers?
[removed]
Which is all fine and dandy with penny stocks, but the 1 billion limit is arbitrary and too high. There are many non penny stocks that are below that limit. All in all this limits any discussion here to large caps. And WSBs darling GME dropped below that limit recently too.
[removed]
Idk. I would also like to know the answer to this!
You should run for president
Deutscher Autist herrlich
Calls. Stonks go up. Puts. Stonks go down.
I went in on leaps Friday. Can’t time the perfect entry but I’ll be damned if this doesn’t hit $400 by 2022
700,000 current subscribers say otherwise. consumers love easy mode. "Automatically turn your footage into killer videos—with themes, music and effects—in just seconds." Not saying they are revolutionizing the space but they have a strong base. Now image them creating accessories and lens attachments and etc for your phone...
Got that $3600c lotto ticket just in case
Guh
Do you like the stock-that-May-not-be-named at its current price? Asking for a retarded friend
They’ve solved my last 3 medical issues, I trust everyone here completely.
Thanks bro, it’s all good. Life goes on
Read the rules on this sub there’s some great info on the basics of the stock market
Why do people keep saying PLTR?  I keeo hearing its overvalued.  What is the justification?
Don't know about cock and coke but PLTR🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Large caps are unlikely to rally in 2021 (as much) I think. It’s mid and small cap year. As in, Nov and Dec trend will continue.
Then just go with the basic. All you need is a good dose of caffeine. If you really want a good pump take some ibuprofen/magnesium a couple hours before for the vasodilation
wtf i started with more money and in down 93% all time how do you do this
“It’s all a dip?”

“Always has been” 🧑‍🚀🔫👨‍🚀
[removed]
DMAA will get you more bang of your buck in all honesty
Cocaine
Call a few body shops. Get a few quotes. Pay cash. Or as long as it doesn’t mess with your premium...
[removed]
AMC and NKLA
Gonna print so hard dude. Get more. I have $20k on NIO calls for jan 15th. Im not even stressing
Are you in a lot of put leaps?
ESPORTS!
The whole sentence needs shooting in face. Then ≠ than. An improvement might be:

The virus was worse/stronger in 1919 than in 1918 (when the pandemic started)

Words are hard, damn.
 🚀  🚀  🚀
What do we reckon SPY opens at?
Special place in hell for those assholes. I'm sorry dude, shit really ruins your mood
Cocain u PUSSY
I told you the only regret we’d have is that we didn’t buy more.
I’m honestly very high on the stock, bought in when it was around $30 . Thinking it has a bright future, just wondering if it is a bad sign for a gigantic majority of the shares to be owned by banks and hedge funds?
Blessed be our new founding fathers
A surprisingly decent post in New.  Wow.  Good dd honestly.  Puts it is.
Exactly. This is the only way I'm gonna be able to buy a house by the time I'm 40.
Damn guess I'll just go to Mexico
If you're not capable to learn on your own then you shouldn't mess with them.
Being ugly makes it hard in every state.
YESS BABY COCK AND COKE !!!

Lets go into New Years !!!

PLTR TO 35$ 

Sq$ TO 250$!!!
People will pay to get rid of their pain.

From an NPR article on the first patient cured of sickle cell: “In each of the previous two years, Gray had required an average of seven hospitalizations and emergency room visits due to severe pain episodes as well as requiring regular blood transfusions.”
Show me your ways master
Well done young retard!
My 1yr shows I started at -$17,636.41. Currently at $5099.62. It shows I’m up $22,723.21. I’m guessing it shows it like that because I have cashed out about $20k throughout the year. I feel like something is wrong with my chart.
Yea Motley has a great record but holding stuff for a year or more I may as well subscribe to /r/stocks.
Yeah by someone in the 1% realizes that in 15 years.  Way more than .01% make $5M in their lifetime.

The $100k wage slave makes that much if you add in their 401k returns.
Sorry but anecdotes like that don't mean much. When you are shipping millions of orders of course you are going to run into issues. On the whole Amazon has some of the best retail customer service.  
  
Here's my recent GameStop anecdote: they didn't give me my rewards coupon, and in an order they completely mislabeled a game so I got the wrong one. I contacted customer service for both of these issues and never even got a reply. I'm literally trying to boost the company by converting some of my purchases to there (I've spent over $2000 there this past year) and they are really making it hard to want to continue.
[removed]
לא נראה לי, הוא סתם מדבר על שקלים
Suffering from succes
Are Jan 22nd 30c too soon, still as attractive as Jan 15 calls?
Wish I knew how to use photoshop. Managed to make this video. 

https://streamable.com/waj7f5
Pride of ownership, also I'm 33. Bought and paid for from my AMD calls over the summer. I dont want disgusting marks all over it
Aminos are questionably effective at best
Iwould get a Tesla. Eitherthe cyber truck or the pickup. But that is only once my trading account gets to 1 M. Lol gonna take a while since its not even 100k yet.
In Charlotte as well. I'm old now though, so I'd recommend you go to bars that have been closed for 10 years. Plus I'm married and can't get laid, so other than proximity I'm of no use...

Edit: I was thinking recently that it might be helpful to get a group of local tards together for a meetup. Might be able to help each other not lose so damn always,  or at least cope with the failure.
So you sold covered calls?
What are you worried about? Doesn’t only go up? What could be a bad catalyst for JOE? I’ve been adding to my position because Florida real estate is booming.
or 1 prescription strength helmet
To Infinity....and BEYOND
Not sure why we discriminate against tiny tickers.   Maybe the mods feel self conscious.
I'm thinking of starting out with about 1k, how does investing without a lot of capital work? Do you have any tips?
Headphone jack: removing 100 year old tech that no one outside of Reddit crybabies miss. 

USB to USB-C charging plugs: right decision otherwise you’d be autistically screeching about that too. 

Update affected old ass phones with bad batteries (aka broke ass phones) and kept them from browning out like their trash Android counterparts regularly do. Everyone outside of that small subset was fine. 

Apple supports products for 5+ years and they’re built to last. My 2010 MBP still running strong is proof of this. The various iPhone 5/SE’s I see still going strong are proof of this.

Try harder. Meanwhile I’ll ride AAPL to the moon.
Hive, Hut8 and Bitfarm(BITF)..... so I stand corrected, lol 3 small ones
I didn’t know 😢
[deleted]
Haha.
[removed]
I don’t understand why people by so many contacts like 10-20 should be max not 300? You’re just asking for trouble with that many.
We still have a year left in the bitty cycle, december 2021 could be a time to sell, holding until then.
Ban the pump
I do like their involvements in esports. Thank you for bringing another ticker to our attention. Doing gods work while we empty our savings accounts
I hadn’t thought of that. Reliable source, broader inventory, user experience.
DO NOT BUY A CAR.  keep investing.
People love to shit on Motley but Dave Gardner's picks in Rule Breakers are fucking fire.  Dude picked SHOP, TTD, ROKU, CRM all super early on
Same here bro. Someone backed into me and gave me some bunk insurance policy. Can’t track them down and looking at $3,000 in damage. Fuck my life
Just get a cpa, they’re $100 lmao
They'll definitely help you lower the amount of cash you have.

Have fun 🤙🏼
Hive and hut8 i presume? Did the same.
gopro will never be anything but a camera company for people with severe autism. $PLTR to the 🚀
YouTube has good videos on it
All fax no printer
Facts! 🔥
[removed]
What were those gains from?
In ICLN with an average price of 14$ a share from averaging through the crash/summer. Clean energy seems almost like a fool proof investment, its clearly the direction we are heading.
No question
Grow a beard.
Good work. Don't fuck this up, this is life changing for an 18 YO. Hold those stocks and dont sell
I think it will moon but keep in mind g h i v takes only 6% of the market cap
Gnc brand with aminos is all you need
Well they’re probably right to some extent
To avoid PnD of penny stocks?

Edit: Doesn't matter what I think. Rules are rules.
Jokes on him, That *was* his trust fund.
Invest in Target, Ford, and GE.
Don’t fall for the bullshit. If it goes up it’ll go up $3 max. If it goes down it’ll go down $10 prolly lol
I actually tried to do this with hitting 15% on each play and it was pretty impossible, at least for me. Do you have a strategy to find plays that will be 15-20% gain?
Nope they cant... Thats why we still got a 49Xer in the pipe and waiting for blast off.
[deleted]
Guess now's the time to party that most of my steel play is $CLF and $X
You're under 30.  Once you hit 30 you'll realize no one cares about you, or what you drive.
You think next week? The short squeeze is not supposed to happen till April.
What mods????
I hate to buy at ATH tho 😐

Some big names are actually cashing out rn and waiting to buy the inevitable dip
Living in a bear's head rent-free is worth more to me than this post, GMEBear67. If we take your GME posts into consideration you are in the red though.

Bulls forever!
Looks like your expectations were wrong.
Feels absolutely disgusting. On the phone with my insurance company as we speak I need this fixed asap.
[deleted]
Yes
Perform DD high

Trade high


Get high account balances
I don't understand what this connects to
Same! Real shame, I wouldve loved to use RH in Germany too.
Pine tar and feathers for us both
PLTR
In Charlotte, anyone have luck with getting laid in North Carolina? Chicks seem hard to get here
I see you gave him a minute to clean up. Very generous of you
Sounds like taco. Mmmmmmm. Tacos.
Nice
What kind of pre-workout we using boys? Been using some pussy shit for the past year
I'm not sure on the exact details but gamestop does have a deal with msft that they will receive a percentage of revenue from the Xbox gamepasses on consoles they sold. Another thing is storage, games are getting bigger and memory upgrades for consoles isn't exactly cheap, especially internal hard drives. Now this is my personal opinion so grain of salt here, but if I was to buy a used game I would much rather get it from a store where I can easily return or exchange it if there is a problem. I think the big play with the used equipment will be if they can expand what they take in. Imagine if gamestop carried pc components and you could trade in your old mobo or gpu for a discount on a new one? Selling used games and equipment also makes gaming more accessible which means mo money.
Apply Aloe gently with some cotton pads and don’t scratch it
Just read the ticker and invest. Ezpz
Guys DKNG is sending me promo ads like I get 50% back if I spend 2 grand gambling with them. The only thing I've searched is their ticker. They are self aware. They know how to find degenerates. DKNG 🚀🚀🚀
Now I can drive through poor neighborhoods and not get robbed that's why
[deleted]
I think the big tech companies realized the potential of ev and the resulting opportunity by electric vehicle power, which is not possible on current models.

They waited to see a proof that it will adopt by users to calc. the potential / Business case.

You can integrate a lot of IT stuff (Office, Mails, TV, VR, ... new stuff...) in the moment you have autonomous driving and enough electric power, based on technical standpoint. 
As example: Microsoft is big as they are, based on the pc operating System *Integration* on all new pcs. Think about. 

Sounds to me like the start of the biggest technology opportunity in the next 30 years, from an IT perspective. 

Tl;dr buy MS/Tesla/AAPL
[removed]
Its market cap is too small. The mods limit discussion on companies smaller than like 1b. Its to prevent pump and dumps on small cap stocks.
Aight I’m in
Trade Republic uses ,,Optionsscheine“ not options. Huge difference
Thought the same, this is some r/investing shit
Trading212
Judging by upvotes on my first post I think consensus speaks for itself.
what broker is that??
[removed]
Yup, never said I was normal
Sorry, a Stanford grad using the Harvard method. My mistake!
Best to keep 401k and Roth accounts only.  You can do Roth conversions without having to worry about how much can be converted if you own other Traditional IRA accounts.
60 y/o boomers are going to
 set up a VPN to watch Dune next year? Not likely. They still can't reliably answer a zoom call.
Why in the world do we ban mentions of a ticker?
apple news
Nice
Be smart with it that's a lot of capital you don't have to take big risks to make money now
PLTR.. I SEE WHAT U DID THERE ALL IN !!! 🥳😎😈
That’s what they said about Tesla pre split?
Okay so I don’t now how relevant this is but in The Netherlands we have this system were you can borrow money for your study from the dutch government. The fun thing is that this is an interest free loan which you have 30 years to pay back for. What I tend to do is borrow the max amount of money (1.3k euros each month) and put 700 euros each month into stocks. Since it’s interest free it’s the best possible loan we will ever get. I still with my parents (19 y/o) so I don’t have a lot of expanses. I know a lot of people who do it this way so I hope this makes it a bit more clear. Idk about the other european countries tho
Interactive brokers/introducing sellers if you want to trade US options.
[removed]
“Stop focusing on money so much” ... next sentence ... “so when do you think you’ll finally get a house and settle down?”
1/23 6C $30 leggo
Does Robinhood limit the amount of times i can trade Bitchcoin?

Is this the secret to infinite money
I’ve forgotten what day it was multiple times this weekend
Well done
Bless you
Life Foundation. 

Symbol VENM
Is there an etf equivalent to arkg for europoors?
do you just jump throughout the day?
Glad I bought a ton of MARA and Riot when they were at $5.  And grabbed a few smaller miners that are set to take off like the other 2.  See you tards in space!
Respect da jah mon, you can’t go wrong
When you smoke weed you’re always seeing green and getting higher.
I'll blow myself up trying to make that thing
This is the play. It’s still stupid to think we won’t be getting priced in during Q1.
See! Isn't being nicer better? It makes sense that you don't dislike me since you don't know me. Also you've been the biggest GME Bear on wsb, so you've cost the community a lot of money. That's why I called you GMEBear67.

We can agree that you yourself don't like the pick. That's okay. But just being negative because someone else did some work is beneath even you, GMEBear67.
[deleted]
900 shares at NAV 🌝
Use rubbing alcohol  or hydrogen peroxide on a towel going over the face and neck immediately after shaving
Eww gross why not buy pltr calls and get yourself out of your hell
This is what’s so huge about Tesla and Elon. The Chinese government gave him Chinese citizenship
Big Fucking Tendies lets gooo
Thank you
Patrick Bateman is Kevin Mcallister.

https://youtu.be/Hnpq5q9b7L8

https://youtu.be/RaC0j57b50U
It's football cream, it's football cream.
I love that movie. Die hard was great.
GameStop is pivoting to gene editing.
WhAts happening monday, and 100% of my port in this
A true poor.
Nah. That doesn’t work. You have to deal with people clogging toilets and flooding your building and then getting mold probs that require total rehab. Sure it sounds like a good idea now but in 10 yrs you will actually be down lol
Definitely neon Green and matte black. PLTR all the way! Covid mostly kills boomers and retards who think the rules don’t apply to them.  I’m starting to really love Covid...
Stonks only go up, weed is green, the more green I see the higher I get
[deleted]
Wake up! It's honestly a nice headline to read, not sure what the pandemic has to do with it though...
Would that really stop a love like what you two have?
I can’t afford it 🥺
This is the worst trade deal, possibly in history
Looking at $700 if you are good at negotiating and girls are not crack whores
Both are probably going to happen
Top confirmed
Is he not still a hero though?
Honestly that’s most people in this group
Unless he says where to put your money, in which case empty your 401k.
Having 10k (of your own money) at 18 is rich, unless you grew up in the Hamptons.
Trade Republic. 1 Euro Kosten pro Trade goes brrrrr
We are a product of our environment. Can’t buy a house for 10k and A new car for $500 these days. WTF we supposed to do
:) congrats
De Giro
I think we're going to be in a bit of commodities rush as long as the pandemic exists to cause short term disruptions. This is more than just a steel issue; it's multifaceted which is why this situation is so unique.
Buy call LEAPS and thank me later
The real question is, do you get a refund for the remaining 58 minutes.
He might be impotent or chemically castrated based on his post
what's the drama
On god 😤😤
That’s probably why you’re depressed more than anything. Depression comes from biology man. Your brain is producing chemicals based on what you eat and what you do and regulating based on that. Pump it full of crack and it downregulates, so normal life feels boring.

Gotta cut that stuff out, eh.
[deleted]
Better than me. I took a small loan of a million dollars from my dad and I lost it all.

At least I got to be president for a while.
Sir this is a casino
rip to this year’s taxslayer.com bowl game
Is there a reason CGRO never gets brought up? SPAC for Innoviz, another LiDAR company.
Lets gooooo
What the hell kind of job is "shit pay" and in robotics?  Were you like the guy at Wendy's that refills the robotic ICE machine?
Lol you're a retard.  Cash out before you lose this.
[deleted]
Exactly. What does that mean tho, now that there will most likely be more ‘professional’ traders than ever.
we must repel them and secure HVM’s for ourselves.
Honestly I feel like this could go to 40 in the next year or so and up to 400 eventually. The Amazon announcement will be huge but they also are getting government and industrial/farming contracts now which if they handle well will only grow.
Thought it was too mean. I don't dislike you. Just think your DD is weak and don't want to see people lose money on weak picks
A smart one, ya prob. VPN user base isn't enough to offset impacts tho imo.
PSTH
Idk but I'll do it for free when my TSLA calls print on monday
That's like 3 helmets
LONG HVM HVM HVM ALL IN
Momma Wood will take us to the moon
CURLF
If you had a choice between the pandemic ending in 2021 or PLTR hitting $100 what colour Lambo would you get?
Pump&dump dont look back
Try screen capturing it for AH jo session.
$200 in Mexico
You come to WSB for medical advice? You also probably come here for "investing" advice.
Trade Republic
Not always, but there are many who have been bag holding an insane loss itching to get out.
Great DD, I’m in. 👍
[deleted]
Fuck you Baltimore
marked on my calendar
I mentioned Robinhood to a family member as an easy way to start investing.  Their eyes widened in terror and they said "No!  I heard on NPR that it turns people into gambling addicts!  And they lose their entire life savings!"  Ok then.  Good luck with your 401k lol
Oh no Cathie said these are the new FAANG? I'm selling my kids on Monday and will Yolo the proceeds 🤪
Sleepy $JOE
AMAT & a banned ticker that'll soon pop over 1B cap. ^(Rhymes with ShmAxcelis)
long $HVM. FDS shall rise again.
Ya
Those things are freakishly expensive and locking so much capital on an entity that is becoming “an example for others” is very iffy.

PS: my autistic side thought tells me that Chinese Communist Party needs BABA to fend off Bezos no mater what
Might dip a bit this week but there’s strong support at 40 so it’s not going to be blood bath
Yeah I was retarded to use my full fucking name for my reddit username on r/investing and other places. Lurked on WSB and realized have to go anonymous. So yes Feb 2019 - made a new profile for WSB. 
Timeline video coming up.. imgur is fucking down
And a happy new year's to ya too!
How much would it cost to get two escorts to suck my dick and eat my ass simultaneously for an hour
Other than ICLN and PLTR, what else is free money in 2021?
It's the same with people donating to overturn the election. Should we save them from themselves or let them shoot themselves in the foot? (Guy sweating over two red buttons meme).gif
Can someone reassure me about my tsla 12/31 670c and my IWM 01/29 200c ?
$JOE?
 [CompetitionForward67](https://www.reddit.com/user/CompetitionForward67/) deleted his comment. yikes
[deleted]
Winklevoss twins ?
Ticker or ban
70% fucked.
Straight up if beetlecoin will stay strong
Yeah she did
This is easy money
What will going all in between GME and BFT do to my portfolio?
So who's getting the KFC console? Getting awfully tempted to myself since there are no PS5's available.  The tendies warmer is kinda nice.
[removed]
5 rockets, I’m all in
Markets are gonna moon Monday. 4 day weekend everyone is gonna jump on it
I can barely contain myself for Monday’s open! So many of my friends and family are traveling and doing family gatherings. Airports FULL! 

I LOVE seeing people Underestimate COVID. My portfolio swells upon death of the stupid and brazen. The more Small business close= tendies for us. 

RIP to my family and yours. Happy holidays and see you Monday 📈📈📈💰🎄
.05% Savings account at your local bank. Deposit your monthly Wendys check there
[removed]
[removed]
Just buy more calls, they’ll cure anything
Tradingview.com sorts news by ticker for me. Very convenient
Not priced in
What do you memers think about a real estate stock with 97% institutional ownership, is that necessarily a bad sign?
stick tosports
how about post merger? thats where the real tendies are idk if im gonna sell right away tbh paysafe could be a good boomer holder. im only 35 shares in at like \~$500 but thats what i get for being a pussy broke bitch i guess
Or maybe it's because he has personal experience doing exactly what everyone here is doing so he knows, better than all of you?
How much people actually loose near to everything and then think at least it wasn’t all of it and still reinvest. I hate false sense of empowerment it gives people. Especially those who are not self aware and don’t have the capacity to learn from their mistakes.
You haven’t seen enough cocks:

https://youtu.be/pJHL-hZOqnQ

https://youtu.be/ErJo2CpAYps

https://youtu.be/oYTCDFjxCYI
Then the headphone jack, then usb to usb-c plugs, then not including the charging bases... then ask anyone with a 3 yr old phone which update resulted in their performance declining significantly. Apples business model is planned early obsolescence and heavily coercing you into a new model.
Amd that ladies and gentlemen is what we call profit
famous last workds
1st on freel also don't listne to the people you "have a felling" lol
[removed]
Baba is now on a shit list for many people now. When you have the leader of China (a communist country) have it out for the founder there is more downside. This isn’t the USA that corporations can get there way in some cases it’s Cuba with a modern twist.  Everyone lost a shit town throughout the weeks and it’s sad because they have the potential to wipe the floor with Amazon just because the law of large numbers ( referring to population they serve )
How fukd r my NIO $48c for Jan 15th?
Because OP is a german (he uses Trade Republic which is the german version of RH) and we're often reffered to as potatoes, at least in Europe
I think the important thing here, as I’ve gotten richer, is to find people who are also highly successful and driven. You need to look for self starters and self driven people to work with and do stuff with. You’d be surprised, if you live in the USA you should be able to find tons of them. USA is full of hard working go getters.

Find them at conferences etc. Get talking with people, make connections, pick up a sport that has wealthier people like golf or tennis and join some clubs and go talk with people.

Making connections with people like that is how you’ll find new projects and opportunities to work with like minded people on a variety of stuff.

That’s really the most useful thing I’ve learned in recent years. Successful people always have something new going on or some new project they want to pursue with other like minded people. I think if you find more people like that you’ll find new stuff to do and new opportunities to work with them on.
LFG!
[Inverted original picture.](https://i.ibb.co/920Ywfk/ssawt42tze761.jpg)
I can't jerk off without watching my meme portfolio go up pls open the market
This is the way.
Ah yeah, true true
i was watching plug in 2011. never bought. now i want to kill my self... i was also watching netflix in 2011. never bought that.
[deleted]
It sure was... very... autism
The point being is that I actually like your DD on GoPro and have already added it to the watch list, but by baiting it with "leave GME", you are probably going to get downvoted for that alone which is unfortunate because this sounds like a legit play.
Dang it, I work at 14 Wendy’s. I’m over the limit with my 560 hr work weeks.
Can't a Canadian just use a VPN to bypass that?
Dermatologist
switch to a safety razor. way cheaper and more money to spend on the robinhood game
4?
Take it off and roll it back into PSTH (getting more bullish 🤑)
[removed]
15k in shares 10 of which I bought after the ass pounding
F
Thousands of % and up 338k on the year
scabies
Did he lose any money?
[removed]
Merry Christmas ya flilthy animal!
This is short term capital gain, so it's taxed as income.

Edit:  Also, long term capital gains tax is [0%, 15%, or 20%](https://www.investopedia.com/articles/personal-finance/101515/comparing-longterm-vs-shortterm-capital-gain-tax-rates.asp) depending on your income and filing status.
he has a wife
MGNI seems primed to pull a QS, then run to TTD potential in next 1-2 weeks.
2 more years
ALWAYS HIGH 😏
I hate driving a car around with a giant scratch and dent in the side. Makes me feel like a gross poor. Fucking wind and basketball hoops fuck you
Guh
Confirmed: all in. 
https://careers.microsoft.com/us/en/job/908248/Industry-Solutions-Manager-Automotive-Autonomous-Development-Solutions
stocks go high
I’ve got 2 $3270 12/31 and 5 stocks for that reason.
Gay ass bears will feel stupid during the santa rally next week.
Makes doing DD hard, but looking at colored lines go up and down is fun
Our Gaylord in heaven,

Holy be your name,

Give flair “Gets Schwifty”,

And immortalise your fame.
Video games,social media, tv
I'd like to see NYSE bother with pre-revenue companies lol. Biotech is the only sector that gets a pass with IPOs
I'm playing it long-term (\~20 years) and if you want to compare it to the internet bubble at the end of the 90s I think that's reasonable.  The companies at the top end of this space are the ones most likely to stick around if the bubble pops.  To me it's like asking if I'd go back in time and invest in AMZN in 1999 prior to the bubble, of course I would because it's going to go up after everything settles.  From a research standpoint I feel incredibly confident saying that Omics and AI in the research space are not going anywhere.
There is some really fair criticism In that thread. TAK is a largely pharmaceutical, and it started investing in genetics much later than some of these other companies. I guess if you want pure genetics, investing in the top picks of ARKG with the longest and largest investments in genetics might be better actually.
are we in this guy's dream?????????
this
Okay once again I’m back here for medical advice. Nasty shaving rash across the neck that’s itching like hell for 2 weeks. Suggestions?
[deleted]
Good point, especially with IV increasing from the drop premiums looking big right now. Monday might give some indication of direction
I’ll be selling them if you’re buying.
Just this one. Ppl start posting breaking shit before there are articles on them.
What is so special about their software? the whole growth thesis is that opening up software to non gopro owners expands the TAM and will cause huge subscriber growth and huge revenue growth. But why does anyone need or want this software if they don't have a Go Pro?
How does marihuana affect your performance on stock market? Asking for a friend
wetards
The stim dick makes it balenced out dr zoomer
I guess it depends where it gets pre merger. If it goes 30+ pre merger I will definitely take it all off the table. If it gets to 17/18 in might take off a bit.
[deleted]
Amazing how many euros their are on this sub, love that the world is investing into us equities. It’s too bad Robinhood isn’t allowed in the u.k yet
Ticker or ban
People with sickle cell are more immune to Malaria. It has its place in genetics. There are side effects for everything.
Thanks and good luck!
Can confirm. Enjoyed multiple scam subsidized coffees on them
Does anyone know if ToS produces a viewable HTB list or does it only warn you on specific positions prior to entry?
Does anyone think mvis will fly again?
https://www.nme.com/news/gaming-news/amazon-ps5-customers-reportedly-delivered-cat-food-nerf-guns-and-rice-2821727

I hope you like gaming on an airfryer.

Amazon doesn't have a fantastic reputation here either, people still want to make high value purchases instore and pickup high value goods instore.
Bloomberg
[removed]
should've also italicized the then for good measure.
No surrender, no Defeat.
Bend the knee to Xi she will love that
[removed]
Cute meme but wrong sub bro.
This is the strangest wood
Real wuesiton is how old are you??
Was today a classic Boeing news dump trying to sweep it under the rug? The report said it happened earlier this week
[removed]
and your point is? I'm not understanding friend...
so what you're saying is life savings on March 21 options at open?
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/Hourgy the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
The idea is good, but idk if buying the leaps right now is smart. Might need to wait a few more weeks to see how it plays out, could be more room to fall
[removed]
I traded GOOG a couple of times right after the IPO. Made some cash but never held. Thought it would go away.  


How smart am I???
[removed]
You sure?
you make 1400 a week? must be nice
imagine NOT investing in semiconductor ion implantation rn lmao **💸💸💸**
Do you want zombies? Because this is how you get zombies
You son of a bitch, im in.
So you're saying I should just drop $10k in GME shares Monday market open?
Love Cathie but did she deal with this crap from Resolute and their exercising their right to take a controlling stake in ARK?
You bring a good point, market is always forward looking.
This is what WSB’ers do but instead of getting scared they get a false sense of security and lose the entire $300k.
🗑️
Link to that post I want to be autistic not retarted
You're just refreshing are you? Such a grinch. Be happier, and change your name to GMEBear67
Well it's because it now pops up when searching for GME in wallstreetbets.
I've been banned for an anti NKLA comment on r/wallstreetbets lol. Its amusing but also sad.
Could make a ton, but I worry about selling covered calls here.
I can‘t read, I only understand Tickers and 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
[deleted]
😂😂😂
Yeah what's up with MARA?
Going long for the big dick
We suck
5 years of r/investing is even more impressive considering account is only a year old
[removed]
TAK, and many other large pharma, are pivoting to cell and gene therapies, they fit in this huge fund just fine.

https://www.takeda.com/newsroom/newsreleases/2020/takeda-opens-new-rd-cell-therapy-manufacturing-facility-to--support-expansion-of-next-generation-clinical-programs/
It’s BFT!
Yes, gains are gains.. pretty content
I’m looking at the same play but idk wtf I am doing.
Peasants going with free tax software will get fucked, takes long enough to type in even 50 trades.  TurboTax premium will import those trades off of PDFs or csv's
Capital gains tax is 20%

Edit: but this is short-term (<1 year), so it’s treated as taxable income.
Thats gonna be us with PLTR ;)
Haha dude that's awesome!
My dad got NFLX at $2.65 in 2007, split adjusted. Up 20k%
[removed]
The timing of the post is linked to this. Expect great buying opportunity in next few weeks.

The stock will pump. Maybe not in January. Financially secure! 

Many have rode this baby from \~7 to \~12 several times since the spring. Hint Hint.
Those articles are written by losers, 100% of them. No millionaire would work as a writer for some bum ass stock picker site. They’d be turning their mills into bills. Atleast on WSB you have large net worth individuals mixed in.
💸💰Blessings. May the tendies be with you  💰💸

>!ICLN GME BB NOK CRON!<
CRSP
Until gravity kicks you down to the bottom again
made you click...
[removed]
Volatility
UPDATE! I just checked today and they have returned all of my shares. Look like whoever was holding them to short is out of the game for now.
Good luck. Shit consolidated for months around 420.and it won't go up forever
I bought some 1/21/22 leap calls to help me recover from my retarded 1/8/21 and 1/15/21 calls  🙄
[deleted]
Lol, inverse this retard
By Jan 29th for the earnings I expect AAPL to be up 25% (165+). It’s why I bought 2/19 130c and 135c. I got them and they’re each up over 2 in little over a week. I’ll take it for now.

Edit. Earnings not warning. LOLOLOLOL
Hey hey, Merry Crysler and all that, but you can't just tease me like this and not put out. Really curious if you were talking about debit spreads, or something to do with units since it seems aimed at SPACs
Safe bets: 7c or 8.5c 1/22/21 or 15c 4/16/21 or 10c 7/16/21
What’s news/magazine app do you guys use to keep updated on business/news (apart from this sub of course)?
[deleted]
Nice
what do you do for fun lol
BABA 220P
OPEN THE FUCKING MARKETS NOW!!
Bft moon incoming
[removed]
Sooo 🚀🚀🚀🚀 ? I can’t read
Came here to say this on my last comment. Run up is huge at the moment, everything else feels overvalued but I’m wondering if the speculation will fade
[deleted]
Fuck we gettin raided by our lovely (lonely) ladies? Lmfao
[removed]
PLTR 50 1/22/2022 gang rise up!
[removed]
[deleted]
Same to you man
All in BABA
Would have been more compelling if you left out mentioning "leave GME" due to the ridiculous meme power GME has currently lol
My favorite aspect of it that I don't believe is a spoiler is the vast length of time the entire series spans. It was mind blowing to me the first time I read it I was like you can do that?
BFT stands for Big Fucking Tendies. Let's go! 🚀🚀🚀
wow thats nice.
Hello King
so we still making money in 2021 or this shit gonna end soon
What if I started with $5000 and got 1000% every week for 52 weeks? By week 40 I think I could own the world.
Thank you
Mvis pls fly
[removed]
You know more and have more access to information than most professional stock cucks of the pre 2000 times. Think about that...


You know more about stocks than most professional did in the 80s and 90s.
Hey bro’s what plays would impress a girl like the girl in the webull ads.
I pray blessing in your life friend!
Googles AI is going to absolutely change the industry, but with the anti-trust bullshit and politics I can't tell you where the stock is going short term. Long term they are unstoppable. The protein folding solution is so important on it's own, once they apply Deepmind to the human genome in a database with all our health data they will figure out tons of shit. Might even see PLTR getting a piece of the pie too.
[deleted]
What’s up with Mara
Discipline is when your wife sticks a jalapeño up your poop shoot and seals it in with duct tape because you forgot to do the dishes.
Savage grinch
bft
Losing his trust fund.
$ai $200 FD’s
BFT is getting ready to launch. chart is wild. they haven't even merged yet. when they do and options are offered. This thing will rocket past PLTR.
[deleted]
I got 400 and I’m sweating lol

Probably just gonna throw money at the problem and send a check to the irs with all my trades and say fuck it
Sign me up for shares of STEGO
Some of these stores like Bestbuy and GameStop are preferred distributors and are linked on Microsoft's Series X page. I don't know anything about playstation. GameStop has a rewards program going for it but I have the same questions about their business model. With Xbox going to a GamePass subscription ($18/mo for major titles), seasonal sales, and Games with Gold,  it's hard for me to wrap my head around the benefit of GameStop's used game market even with e-commerce. Ebay already has used equipment and games for those who want the disc locked up. But I'm also not Cohen so who knows what he's got up his sleeve.
Has anyone tried any of the random stock picker sites? Motley, trade ideas or option strategies?   Built up a good amount of profit and have been curious about some of the options out there.
Do you also wear brightly colored suit jackets with t-shirts and no socks. Do you?
Just a heads up that Ontario (highest population) has gone into a lockdown for the next 28 days and govt had a habit of extending it by 2 weeks every time it expired in the summer. You’re probably right but I wouldn’t bet on Q1.
So buy calls and wait to print! Got it.
What are some re-lockdown plays?
Guess you’ll get margin called or something depending on your broker. Using deep ITM leaps offers you leverage and makes it so that if you actually have to end up exercising it you won’t need that much capital (compared to the price you paid for the leaps since it has so much intrinsic value) and that gives you some leverage. I’m not a pro in the subject, you should google PMCC (Poor man’s covered calls) if you want to learn more as I don’t want to tell you anything wrong but that is pretty much what I’m aware of. 😃
Sell put. When it dips, you get forced to buy
Positions or ban
get your tendies and stfu
[deleted]
If GME doesn’t jump 20% on Monday, I’m selling all my BRKB stocks to free some cash and buy some GME
Too many good ideas not enough cash lmao
CATTTTT
Let's hope so!
Pay 5,000 guys $1 each to let you suck their dicks for $3 a pop
Yes, stocks could take longer to erode out. I’m the person who held Chesapeake Energy(CHK) from it’s 2014 peaks to when it went B/K, in fact accumulated more stocks towards the sad end to bring my avg down. Diamond handed the shit to the ground.
Hahaha appreciate the effort
In on this but looking at long time performance shows ~22% yearly, mostly flat 5+ years then a huge pop bc of covid... not speculating this is a bubble but you don’t think it’s hyped up now just because of the current situation? I’m conflicted if this is the long term play in case the speculation dies down in the future
Haha ok cool yeah sorry just re-read my comment and I came off as a dick too my bad
You actually need the paper certificates of every stock you traded and the blood of an IRS auditor
HVM to the moon
MARA
It rallied on a nothing-burger.  So it’s entirely possible
I've been holding MARA/RIOT shares for awhile but I got a funny feeling xmas eve and bought a few MARA 1/15 10c's. Wish I had YOLO'd, I think there will be a nice run up Monday.
Pink cowboy on magenta arrow. Is 🌈🐻 in disguise.
Lets EARN money TOGETHER friend!
I have $1300 extra sitting in my RH. What should I buy on monday
Yea was crushed on my June calls when I bought them but we are coming back
What percent taxes we talking though, will it be like 30% ?
.
I told my Dad to buy NIO at $4 and I also got him perfectly exited. My dad likes me more than your dad likes you.
Who got the locks today? I was told a lock yesterday from one of you let’s keep it rolling today
Depends on the stock. Higher iv, potential growth stocks or meme stocks weeklies, otherwise monthlies, for puts. I'm more inclined to sell calls weekly if it's dropped and I was assigned much higher, I'll take my pennies and wait for a real recovery so I can get better premium.
I was planning on reverse allocations in shares but I'm leaning more towards 50/50 now and joining theta gang
[deleted]
Me and drunk me got beef. He keeps getting me in trouble
Share your po po.
 short squeeze cumming!
[deleted]
3 minutes to post positions.

Tried the Xmas spirit, didn't work.
I worked there for 2 years. Its the truth. All top quality ingredients, and they do a great job keeping it clean.
not if the govt has nything to do with it lololol
Played some football on my own in the park (lol) now waiting for Arsenal to lose.
Direct listing finna clap my SPAC's
Is GME really expected to skyrocket? I only have about $300 right now I can throw in there, which would give me about 15 shares. I’m very new to this whole investing thing and don’t know dickles about dickles.
Up 50%, started a month ago🚀
G H I V. UWM ipo valued at 16 billion. We going to the moon 🌝
That was free money.  Tsla more stable than the US dollar.
Started investing/trading when I turned 19 (early 2000). I was a film major in college. I got hooked on the markets and changed my major to Finance. Continued trading stocks in college (not during a good time either - 9/11 happened shortly after I started trading, and obviously by starting trading in early 2000 - the Dotcom crash was a hoot).

Like many of you I used some of my student loan proceeds to fund my retardedness. It didn’t bother me that I lost it - probably better money spent as I learned more from trading and following the news and markets than I did from Finance courses.

I had my ups and downs, built my portfolio up to a pretty high level between age 22-27. Then I got bitch-slapped by the Financial Crisis of 08’. I continued trading, but it was on a much smaller level because of the recession and we just bought a house so almost all money went there.

Fast forward to 2017. I went through a divorce, so another lovely setback in investing/trading.

I slowly rebuilt up my cash levels to start trading/investing again by late 2018. You youngbucks gotta listen here, I spent from late 2018 to early 2020 in cash because I was scared shitless from the Dotcom bust and Financial Crisis in 08’. EVERY DAY seemed to be a 5% down day for your holdings (shares). So, as you dance with your profits in these good times (for markets), keep your eye on the exit door. 

As for 2020 (I mentioned I was in cash from 2018-early 2020), I started buying put options in early 2020 on shitty stocks, with my only reasoning as this expansion has gone on for far too long. I had no idea of the COVID outbreak becoming serious. Leading up to the outbreak, my put options were down some 30-50%. Then the virus news hit and I was suddenly up on the year by 20% in March. I found a good place to cover/sell my puts (not at the lows though). I went long all of the growth tech stocks and solar stocks that I had been following but too scared to buy up to that point. I have been trimming those longs in the past 2 weeks, and slowly buying puts again. I’m up 69% (yes you animals) for the year. I’m at about 50% long tech growth but at a good value, the rest in cash and put options.
I felt his spit hit me through the screen
Lol you're not gonna see steel gains till like 2Q 2021
Damn, this guy's good
Continuing up but not fast enough for retards in here
what's the problem
I have about 30% in ARKK and 70% in ARKG. I like $10 OTM 6 months out for both, leaps if you can stomach the premium.
[deleted]
Gonna check this out
Holy shit , you are so retarded, one of us !
What money units is a moon
Lol he might as well post mario coins
Can someone please tel me why people think GME is good?  I mean other than it’s meme power, why would GME every succeed going forward?
RYCEY 5 year low is $8 🚀🚀🚀
[deleted]
Yeah like years ago
Act broke to stay rich
[deleted]
CRSP is furthest along,  BEAM might have better tech but it's 5-10 years away from FDA approval.  These insane 50-100B valuations are only coming after the pipeline is fully approved and generating billions in revenue off a blockbuster drug.  Look at GILD... hardly any payoff in share price since their Hep C cure was approved several years back. Actually down from there because it works too well. 

Really have to look at the illnesses being treated and what's the TAM of those.  Any other valuation methodology and you'll be bagholding for decades.
Haha no clue how it works. You belong here with the rest of them.
$2B TEV Transactions won’t make sense for direct listings - not enough of a float
You would need to buy a put in order for it to be a collar.
Pre-split?
[deleted]
Tsla
Thoughts on Apple next week?
Long
If you sell naked sure
[removed]
Blood red Monday because Trump is vetoing the bill or already priced in?
*If you can find a better deal on a used car this weekend,*

**SHOVE IT UP YOUR UGLY ASS**
So passé
Did BFT release LOI?
It’s a $26 call expiring 1/8
Thx for the free referal shares this morning RH! Got an Apple AND a Microsoft!
Ummm, CFOs aren't supposed to be taking risky bets like that. Duh.
Yeah. Good luck consistently making 20% per week.
[deleted]
Not sure how old you are but when Wawa used to get Amorosa rolls instead of making their own and they'd cut their own meat fresh it was so much better
Why did you just say how many potatoes lurk on wsb
One contract, 3 shares
You can make profit from options? Is that legal?
I bought TSLA and it fell.
Hate it when you ask for a blowjob but she says she wants one first 🤦🏻‍♂️
no
Photoshop
The feed is now flooded with garbage memes and everyone trying to be the next big video captioner. And now losing the vote bot things are getting way worse. We need a paper trading competition ASAP
There is something wrong with you for sure.
Part of the reason my buddy who was infantry can’t hear shit now.
catalyst?
I got some March 225c
[deleted]
They know trump and Pelosi are in agreement on 2k, and the only roadblock is Mitch. Source being that a very large portion of my family is part of cult 45. They watched his speech calling 600 a slap in the face, and while not the brightest they know better than thinking said socialist democrats would be against handing out more free money
This.
They are just trying to give it back to Cohen, they are not the bad guys after all.
[deleted]
[deleted]
When does the new Rick and Morty come out?
Lol
[deleted]
What strike is your put?
We comrade we
Positions or ban
[removed]
Finally showed my parents my investment portfolio. They are complete boomers... but they got apple at like 30 bucks so I guess I’m the loser.
Got the tendies but at what cost
the italian is good. there bread is the shit. the oil and vinegar they put on it makes it have a good taste also
[deleted]
Imagine doing a side by side comparison of an Italian from Primo versus an Italian from Jersey Mike's
[removed]
In re the theory this sub is bouncing around that trumpet only wants to repeal section 230:

Good luck to him. Section 230 is likely protected by the first amendment and he’d probably get reversed by his own Supreme Court. 230 might technically stay gone but the Supreme Court would rule that social media is shielded from liability anyways. Chilling effect.
what's your portfolio?
Let me know your consistent 20%a week strategy
It’s always 420 somewhere
BFT going to the moon this week
In a nutshell, yes.
Jesus you ever actually been to Jersey? Maybe as far as chains go but literally 90% if not higher of local spots where I'm at make better subs/hoagies.  Sucks if thats the best you got around you but its better than Subway for sure
But 1500% compounds more, so just do that.
Lol is that what those are?
I just yolo’d it all on kryptonite. 

🚀🚀🚀
Are you kissing’ cousins?
Damn that actually makes sense man, can’t wait for these MARA calls to fkn PRINT with an $ 😜
[removed]
Puts on NKLA 🚛📉💥
There has been huge growth without any real precursors, I think it's safe to say some of that is people piling in because they know better than us. These companies are being bought by institutional investors and there's still room to get in before the breakthroughs.  It's a long safe 10 bagger.
r/lipsthatgrip
Thinking about monday
🐻🌈✊🏿 CgX iS a GoOd StOcK
Everyone’s showing off their gains. This week, it’s MT’s turn 💎🙌🏼
Yeah, just using covid as a familiar example for why "first person treated!" doesn't mean too much.
Do you know what an ICE vehicle runs on you autist?
Next trade desk.
It's a gut thing & a little deja vu. My main worry is the overextension of really everyone into equities. Yeah, bonds are pushing slightly higher and softs are doing really well, but the action is clearly in shares. In a vacuum that'd be okay, but not at these price levels and valuations. This is why I keep harping about staying small and setting your stops. I don't know what catalyst is lurking, but I can tell you it's nearby.   


For the younger/newer retards here, regardless of what you think, do a drill with your broker today in where you set stops and practice making market sell orders. When the moment arrives you need to know where the exits are, and don't get distracted by your balance and news notifications.
Stanford, only fucking chumps go to Harvard
SPACs are good for both sides of the deal
Know what the q means?
whats the ticker
Started in 2015. Came across this sub and plowed a couple K into $ARRY and was hooked. Currently trading stocks with some options and up 98% YTD in my gambling account.
SPACs have given the gains to retail investors that otherwise institutions would harvest in the IPO “pop” - not a bubble but a new reality
why?
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz are markets open yet? no? zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
also it is the weekend, stocks make zero compared to it right now
What are you guys doing on this Saturday after Christmas?
If you've got stock it's not the worst play. Blockbuster took a 4 or 5 years to die when it was still clear they were done and it was disrupted severely with completely new tech after making the horrible decision not to invest in NFLX. GME is trying to catch the tiger by the tail but internet infrastructure is much more accessible now they might pull it off.

It's biggest threat is digital downloads and the console wars freezing them out of the market as a funneled locale for purchases and their lack of continuing or passive revenue. Most their profits stop at point of sale and that's an issue when so many things are becoming subscriptions or services.
Greed is a factor. I rode some theta well ITM down to last day in the last couple weeks. No assignment. Rolled out for more cash money. Now way OTM. Gotta love it. And yes, the smart theta gang folks close the interest well before that would happen.
Oh, the Gay Money Extraction stonk
Stimmy is dead - Unemployed are fucked - let’s all start gambling again to make a buck
Lock up period is 270 days. Look who the pipe investors are. Chamath is one of them. This won't dump. SPACs with good PIPE investors tend to do better as well.
I was going to dump 35k-40k into arkk and arkg Monday. How would you split the allocation between the two?
you can still buy (close to) 2 coins rn

get in before it's too late
I believe “congrats and fuck you” is what you’re looking for!
Are we in a SPAC bubble or is this just a change in how the market’s gonna work with low interest rates and more retail investors?
It's taking so long to top up my account and every day ARKG grows and I lose tendies.
Try 99% fail.
you're literally in a wendys asking why the customer service is awful
Catching fire, yes, because shitty batteries are also shit.  
But (compressed) hydrogen catches fire all at once, which causes violent explosive expansion. Thats just what hydrogen does.
oh..yeah people like to lose money here, forgot
Turns out it never existed
Don‘t forget gay
GE even worse
They might be banning people but not deleting their comments. Because that's exactly what just happened to me lmao
Hubris irrational exuberance man, the markets don’t make sense
I was looking at ATM calls for April
GUH
Mgni. Hop in
A friend showed me the ‘DD’ back in March that they were going to be contracted by Amazon, bought in at $1.15, rode it through that absurd spike to $5, then sold at $3.50. Figured it was a lost cause and lost all my money on options. Watched it hit $8 last week from a restricted account 🤡
Whatever happened to NKLA’s December badger event 🤔
Wait, controlthenarrative is a [sex communist](https://youtu.be/7xPMYeb80bo)?

Is /r/wallstreetbets just elaborate propaganda to get retards like us to destabilize the market and bring down capitalism, so they can enact sex communism and get a GUHvernment mandated big tiddy goth gf?
I thought today was a Friday and went to check stonks.  Oops
[deleted]
61 cents on the dollar. PM me
He said gene editing not chromosome editing
[deleted]
Hmmmmm I'll look at this too
no Peter schiff questions
Sorry, this is first time goin to the moon. Should I bring snacks or is there a cafe
if they're reasonable. I was surprised STPK call premiums were so high the first two days available
no. i don't get weeklies. that's probably why i have more money than everyone in this comment section combined
thanks tom sosnoff fat fuck
I just nutted to this
This thing is set to be the next SQ. And that's all you really need to know 🚀🚀🚀
Damn no credit 🥲
It's quite overextended so the bet is whether it wants to extend itself some more.
Google because they have deep mind that is doing genetic work
[removed]
The Communists have been talking about a breakup of tech companies for some time in their yearly party plans.  I imagine that this time they are serious and getting around to it.  There is a significant political risk involved in baba investments and you may be investing in $T shortly before the baby bells were popped out by the US government.
they always have something up their sleeve to pump it, better off buying 3 months out and wait for the 20-30% pump, then dump the calls.
Ultimate gamer gene package
What he said. Spot on!

I wanted to also emphasize the failures of the Democrats in the congressional elections. It should’ve been a clean sweep. They ran it as if all Dems lived in the coasts, again. Trump in the WH, record unemployment, massive death toll and could not do it. Ran against fracking and oil, then it turned out, Democrats in TX, PA, etc work in this. I guess they should retrain and all that BS. NPR had a piece about this dude on the border in TX. He always voted Democratic. He had one well in his land and nothing else. He switched of course. His neighbors did the same. NPR found him just fine but the party had no idea all this guys existed or did not care. Then, we have defunding the police and other insane ideas that will lose you elections anywhere in the world. 

I doubt the Democratic will control the House in 2020. They are disconnected and don’t deliver. It’s always blame the others.
Love the long form posting haha. What a legend. No question, hit us with the Swede next.
Anyone (ideally UK) trade warrants on SPACs?
ur ports still tiny. lmao
I hope you mean 50 bucks and not 50 actually coins aren't they worth like fractions of a cent still
Ban
Cardcash.com or eBay, the latter is slightly friskier. Full on naughty? Go Craigslist.
[Literally me this weekend](https://www.google.com/search?q=escobar+waiting&rlz=1CDGOYI_enUS674US675&hl=en-US&prmd=inv&source=lnms&tbm=isch&sa=X&ved=2ahUKEwiJmO6Nk-ztAhXJtlkKHWQ7AEoQ_AUoAXoECA4QAQ&biw=414&bih=724&dpr=3#imgrc=ZIxH5RgYHR0nbM) 

Holy shit I can’t wait for Monday
You docked with your gfs bf?
Oh you mean a company that wasn't profitable in 2019? Got it.
So boring to smoke weed without losing money on RH at the same time
🤣🤡
Many trials are done in patients and the phase 1/2 data is used for reg filing, Gene and cell trials are much faster than the usual 7-10 years.

Also, watch Human Nature on Netflix
It's not a super strain though. It's been known about since September. It's literally the mink strain that was first found in denmark. It's more contagious but not more deadly. There also seems to be unanimous agreement between scientist researchers and docs that the vaccine will work on it no prob. Also generally speaking the more a virus mutates the less deadly it becomes over time. A virus wants to replicate as much as possible inside your body. If it kills you right away it can't replicate as much. There is literally evolutionary pressure for viruses to become less deadly not more. All the news is sensationalizing what is essentially a non-issue. There has been speculation the entire pandemic that there were as many as three different strains floating around since the first few months. I wouldn't put any money on the big green hulk dick of recovery going flaccid anytime soon. Between fed policy and a rapidly improving covid outlook 2021 is going to be green
[removed]
My cock was filled w joy yesterday
[removed]
What yall think of $MELI. shit stock or printing machine
[removed]
Which expiry date would you choose for calls
He probably thinks you are a retard
Hmm. That seems inconvenient. So if I don’t have enough cash to exercise and re-sell, what happens?
GME shares
And yet the screaming continues.. quit an overstatement there buddy.
I wouldn’t advocate trying to 20% your entire account a week. But 20%ing 5% of your account is entirely feasible.

The point is that consistent small gains will eventually lead to a big portfolio.
The best part is someone gifted you that.
If you read the article it said it's something that happens all the time, but is news because it's boeing lol. These articles come out like once a week, click bait =/
Buy calls the day they are available?
ever try penn station
Only down 2.69% alltime 💦
Monday is 28, so 28k
[deleted]
Got a stack of them and the 28s.
I, for one, welcome our new insect overlords. 

PS: Can I have some cool flair instead of the BS saying I was temp banned pleeze
GME
Well he probably get new blood every month and sleep in a cryogenic bed ao he might live for like 30 more years, but im fucking ready, the fucking second he die ill ram fist brk.b
Don’t listen to the comments trying to scam you. There are popular websites out there that exchange gift cards for money. Google them and make sure the verify that the website is legit through any other forum and you’ll be good
Pump
Same
What companies were you thinking about ?
[deleted]
Yea it's a long play for sure.
Yeah because if they were getting ready to unload surely they would tell retail bagholders
I have been saying that for ages.
what're your positions
Your favourite companies for gene editing shenanigans over the next 10 years?
/u/savevideo
Yeah. I'm not saying its the best move you yourself can make, but for me, this and TWLO and PSTH have big spots in my port.
A 401(k) is by definition a pre-tax account (unless it's the less common Roth 401(k). So to get from the 401k world to Roth world - would require recognition of income. Depending on the amount (and your age) - may make sense. A financial advisor can help.
Angelino* come on dude, and we probably live pretty close to each other
OP is a dildo.
No. Have you heard of sucking dick behind Wendy's to fund weeklies?
So cringe
[deleted]
The problem is are those voters actually being informed why this bill has been held up?  Or are they being told it's because of Pelosi and socialist democratic Senators?
Solo 401k, Roth IRA and HSA. Might open a Solo Roth 401k this new year.
I agree lets fkn moon it 🚀
I was a geneticist and now I work in bioinformatics so no inside information unfortunately.  I can say that the amount of AI / omic proposals getting funded even at a basic research level is increasing heavily over time which will mean even more of these companies will be sprouting up soon.  The big names should come with some safety (PACB, CRSP, NVTA) but I couldn't tell you where the next 100x will come from.  For what it's worth (it's worth absolutely nothing as I'm a scientist and not an investment manager) I've got ARKK as 25% of my ETF portfolio and have avoided individual genomics stocks for the time being.
no one cares about your internet tokens gaining some %
PLTRQ , like Palantir was of the Q Continuum? 🚀
[deleted]
https://ibb.co/RBhGQtG Alexa what is a red day
This is the type of answer i was expecting .. I love it
I'm in on it. The price movements just don't phase me any longer. However I'll endlessly refresh my portfolio looking for pennies of movement AH on an SPAC 🤷‍♂️
If you honestly thought there was a chance that wasn’t sarcasm... then I have a bridge to sell you.
Actual price target for the next few months is 30-45. If a true short squeeze occurs, price target is >100. Long term 3yr hold with Cohen at the wheel? 150-300 isn’t impossible
Bishcoin bout to hit 26k lmao. What price we thinking at open monday?
He sounds like a 🌈🐻. This is how you lose money folks.
NIO is fine. You’re not :/
stand in the street and let a tesla run you over
What do you think of this criticism of arkg? Seems reasonable. I personally have it and bought on margin, but I’m very scared https://www.reddit.com/r/Biotechplays/comments/kj0ie1/what_does_arkg_see_in_tak/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf
Good bro about to print it anally and not wipe
it's been highly recommended to me over the years and i've just never gotten around to grabbing a copy. looking forward to reading it and trying to make sure i do before the new movie
“Her”....
Workhorse and Lordstown motors are on the same boat !
If I don't turn $5k into $15k by Valentine's day my wife's boyfriend will kick me out.

&#x200B;

what can i do?
Legit would get me to watch Twitch for entertainment,  I'm for this
have you heard of not getting weeklies?
Actually a possibility lol
$HVM to the moon 🚀🚀🚀
Sounds so easy  big yacht here I come
[deleted]
Morty, don’t be a trader. Be a retard. All in or nothing babyyyyyy
Most definitely a fine art. I suppose it's all about having your rules and sticking to them, even if it means selling at +20% on something that ends up going +100%. That's the opportunity cost to momo vs another strat.
Did you ever think of the market was "ignoring" fundamentals like you claim that maybe...they just changed? Like maybe PE isn't as important, because tech companies don't cash flow for years after they go public a lot of time, but when they do, you get Apple? So you don't just consider the PE in vacuum, but what the company actually does? 

Consider the example of Dropbox. It's price made no sense not because it was expensive, but because it had a business model ANYONE could do, and all it's competitors had tight integration with OS file systems or cloud accounts, so it was less friction to use those.

Then you have AMD, which people said if you look at their PE it makes no sense, but data center was growing, and the projects project in matter of years. Companies like Google are not gamers, they have to plan every massive project and use old stable hardware. AMD however was on the way to having a stable platform, that used less power and is faster than the competition, so you would expect, even ignoring market growth or AI growth, they were going to steal massive revenue from intel eventually, and now that very thing is ramping up. Why would you wait for it to happen to buy in? Everyone who wasn't stupid saw it coming when intel didn't address Zen 2, or do anything at all until AMD was already trouncing them.

Fundamentals still work, it just requires more than a finance degree to understand why people are buying.
I’m not sure if that would be better... guess it would depend on the scenario and the capital you’re working with?
Except he can shut things down for about another month, sit on the COVID relief bill until it expires on Jan 6th which would force the new congress to start from scratch delaying aid probably until Biden is sworn in.  So yeah, he can tank the entire fucking economy and make loads of people homeless in the next month.  

All because twitter marks his "the election was rigged" bullshit as fake.
Optionsellers.com 2.0
It's quite simple really, I asked WSB to shill me a SPAC
I've always thought that if women applied the amount of focus they put towards following celebrities into following stocks instead they would be amazing traders. They tend to have more of a pulse on social trends, which dictates a lot of the stock market.

On the other hand men are better at taking big risks and are more willing to work long hours.
Ban
Trainers name must be “Molly”
I was not aware of a change in short interest since. But, true, WSB is home.
Is that robinhood for europoly money?
i just dropped some dd on arkg everybody knows Cathies Wood goes long.
60 cents on the dollar. PM me
This money materialized out of thin air for this person. Who the hell cares if taxes have to be paid on money that came from nothing but a few taps on a phone.
You can back door into Roth if your company allows it . You can contribute post tax into 401k and setup auto conversion to Roth IRA .
He promised $5,000 gold 5 years ago
Relax bro, they ain’t shutting down on this
[deleted]
A stock going down is just it going up in Australia.
oh okay.
Love dune
[deleted]
Short shorts have always been my favorite thing
YOLO on Nike?
Algos are gonna scan wsb see a bunch of HVM, an make moves on some penny stock
Quiznos c. 2001 was the bomb.  Prime Rib sliced 1/8” thick with fresh mushrooms and sauce...
Yep. This guy gets it
Probably all the degens trying to find a fix while the market’s closed. Crash on Monday
True I"m just guessing, but it sometimes pulls back for a week after a big gain. we just had a big gain and a 1-2 day pull back. if it keeps going pulling back for next few days, the prices of leaps will drop a lot. thats when you load up.
Monday
Man I was literally just thinking about this
Yes but have you considered buying gold?
I will die of boredom before the market opens
“737 max diverted with engine problem”

Uh oh rip BA calls
Ah, a Harvard grad.
Maaan am I glad I cashed out early.  NKLA was my first decent gain, back in June.
Well I’m all in, up to you in the end, I’m just gonna keep an eye on it.. they’re supposed to have a “product reveal” or something to that extent on the 26th of January.. hoping for a nice pump then, I’ll probably book some profit before earnings and let a little ride in March..

Edit: 26th of January *
Everything is overvalued right now.
hey man you're ahead of the curve to all the normies that just buy stuff and live paycheck to paycheck. So don't worry, you're also ahead of the curve to like 90% of retards here aswell.
Turn the wheel
Fuck it, PLTR 100$ by 12/21 frozen turd in my ass or ban me
[deleted]
Give them to someone that would appreciate them...








...for half price.
[removed]
Can’t argue with that logic
I actually don’t hAve any but nice bro. MARA, RIOT gonna open up 30% if this holds til monday
Yes they’re called Poor man’s covered calls. Basically need a bit less capital than stocks
Roth. Don't want to pay taxes later
I’ve had multiple losses. But for my trades, that equates to break even. Theta gang isn’t overrated. If anything it’s underrated. The slow but consistent gains eventually build up.
My MARA will MOON🚀🚀🚀
I 100% agree but...it’s fun. We’re not here to actually make money.
I told my dad to buy tsla back in march. I would have but i was super degen w no bank account at the time. I still give him shit for not listening. Do as i say, not as i do!
What do you mean ? Also OP literally trades in euros
lmao i'm actually looking nkla leaps.. ah jeez rick
[deleted]
Gotcha. I keep reading about shorts having to cover this week, what’s the deal with that exactly? Wasn’t the recent run up the squeeze?
אתה ישראלי?
[deleted]
Writing puts is bullish. Writing calls is bearish.

That dude is effectively shorting TSLA naked. They aren't even covered calls which would make plenty of cash and be much safer.
This is it boys Cohen will take us to the promised land
You have to exercise them
err.. have you heard of options?
It will have a 20% rally in the next 2 weeks before going sub 10, calls will pay off
Taking one for the team, you will have a special seat on mars
That’s less than 10% of their 2019 revenue buddy. Half of the remaining was new software (games sales) and the other half was new hardware sales
Thank you u/BackDoorSluts9 .  I'll follow this as well
[removed]
Steel just got scarcer, and Insurance will pay for it
guess no one else is in it here. just posted the same thing with no response
[removed]
I dont understand the deep otm. is it just the cheapness that is the allure?  I thought bc delta so low and price so high, money no brr. Why should i do that over deep itm calls?
I don’t get it. Are you saying if someone were to buy ZNGA they’ll be lucky to break even? This company won’t grow?
Momo traders have rightfully been cleaning up in this market. It’s way too easy to find a 20% play. The problem is learning to sell and not diamond-hand it to the ground.
Ban
Ya but 1000% weekly compounds so much
That was a waste of 31 seconds of my precious time
Why unfi?
yeah I saw them the other day they've got soft bank backing to. Which tbh is a bearish signal but I'm still gonna trade it
[deleted]
No, you won't. 

SEE YOU ON PLUTO MY GUY!!
I’d like to move on from my past 😘
Goddamn, he is a 1-note instrument: "buy gold, buy gold, buy gold...."
[deleted]
Why is anyone investing in F U S E without any merger announcement
PENIS
Name the new company??? Palantirs been around for 20 years
You tell him, Marty!
Still, for most people it's not beneficial on the long term. Especially when you realize lots of that money is channeled through Western Union to Africa.
I dont use auto correct. Shitbis wack asf
Bears will have their day
It’s nice to know I’m not alone.

I went into BAC the other year after it’s stock hadn’t moved in literally 6 months.  I wanted to do some iron condors to make money on a stagnant stock.

The same fucking day I bought it was announced the Fed was considering more QE, banks dropped 3-5% in a week.

I of course close out so I don’t experience max loss.

Banks recover well before my expiration date.  I took 50% of my max loss, and result of my trade had I helped would’ve been max gain.
What is this child’s play
We're in the beginning of the console cycle right now but the profits from it won't be reported until Q4. The run up during the last week have been from Cohen increasing his stake to 13% and retail investors buying with increased confidence from Cohen strengthening his position.  Theres no real reason for it to continue running besides hype until at least January when they release the holiday sales. But it still might just from investor sentiment, fomo, or shorts closing positions. But this is March/April Q4 er play at minimum.
Does the moonbase have an outlet for my PS5?
[deleted]
You can buy prepaid visa, 5 dollar charge,  then transfer to bank.
whats DD? 🤓
Discipline deez nuts 💵💵💵💵🚀🚀🚀🚀
[removed]
that’s because it has zero fucking value and as a currency it’s also dogshit. You need a massive plethora of computers and sometimes time to verify a transaction, and without a central bank you’re leaving it up to fucking chance to somehow keep enough money in the banking system if something like covid happens.
Because ICLN is better
[deleted]
[deleted]
Nevergiveupandyoucanbreakeven gang


BAN
Brokeback Mountain, LLC
[removed]
Aerotyne International?
It’s been a day!!! What are the fucking dates!!! P.s. merry christmas
Don’t worry my dude. My Personal Risk Tolerance is about $1000
Erm because Mnuchin, WHO DOES TRUMP’s BIDDING, set a cap of 600 in the negotiations.
Not from an autist.
All I see is his wife
[deleted]
It works both ways. I came from a well off family where my dad grew up poor selling donuts on the side of the road before school. Now that he's a millionaire he wanted us to experience the same so after getting spoiled by our mom as kids we got the boot at 18 with zero help with anything including paying for school. Long story short one of my brothers is dead from drugs, the other is in and out of jail and on drugs. I barely survived my 20s and it took me until my 30s to stop living paycheck to paycheck.
what do you guys use for trading your 401k accounts: Traditional or Roth IRA? not sure which to open
No I just had to check after you mentioned votes because I just can't help but DD ;)

More positivity fella, don't be a b b b b bear
Having a pussy these days is literally free money and nobody is trying to balance it out. I guess it was always so but at least conservative politicians in power actually cared for their fellow men so they made it harder for women because they knew they need their men to keep society going.

Not to mention that the internet leveraged each pussy up by 5,000% at least.

But now that every man in a power position is basically a chad who does not care for their fellow men they just let them females do anything I mean as long as they get to hit can’t blame them I was raised up with the same mentality. 

It’s not sustainable and it will crumble this virus is probably just the beginning. There will be less and less children because young men are more careful. 

The people in power positions are becoming more and more female and female don’t care about sustainability. Women never take responsibility they are children until they die.

And the few chads left in power even the really woke ones won’t do nothing about it since A they have harem and B they afraid to say something and getting in jail for accusations.


Truly a funny timeline 😂
I’ve only been assigned when the option expires. I usually do covered calls so assignment isn’t a huge deal. I did get assigned on a dkng put back in October but just held the shares for a few weeks and made all the losses back.
Send them to me
Pinch your nose and try to breathe through your nose. Real you can just breathe and dream you will know what's up.
He's poor
Be nice you piece of shit
With Amazon you know what you're getting though. Leaps pay out more often than not. With a relatively new domain and such expensive leaps, it's a relatively riskier bet.
Great piece on why ARKG is going to kick ass over the next few decades. LONG CATHIES WOOD

https://youtu.be/2dIHDOA8rRA
Peter schiff is my 3rd cousin, AMA.  No Peter schiff questions though
Waiting for the tweet from Elon explaining this...
Theres a reason it stands for Big Fucking Tendies
They called him J.R.R. 

One, because he had a a speech impediment, and two, because he’th spoken the option tolken
No

Also, Ban
[removed]
And MVIS gang will cum with excitement on the sidelines
[removed]
[never give up never surrender ](https://youtu.be/9fdcIwHKd_s)
Then there yuh go trump can’t do shit anymore so don’t worry about it
Can’t wait to see your post in January when you YOLO “one last time”, loose it all and then Uncle Sam comes to collect his 2020 capital gains tax
This is the u/SIR_JACK_A_LOT way (and that of momo traders).
Says who?
no
Incredible man. In with 4000 shares because of you, started with 1000 @ 16.50 and averaged down after earnings. Still in!
Congrats and fuck you
Really tempted to buy this dip after my 12/24 calls were obliterated
This. Retard OP doesn't know his toy dinosaurs
[deleted]
/u/savevideo
[removed]
[deleted]
I hope he likes peanut butter... Cuz thats what im using for lube 🖕🌈🐻
You’re right, so far I’m 20K in the IRS preverbal hole but I’ll take 80 - 90K over 20 🥴
It’s not gonna run up before the lockout, there’s no reason for people to buy it high if everyone knows it might dump in a month. It’s just going to consolidate until then
I see you like to make claims without doing a shred of DD, WSB is where you belong
Why is it a purple sherriff.
[deleted]
You’re a moron
Umm the last government shutdown that lasted 35 days was in 2018. Caused by Trump who wanted money for his stupid fucking boarder wall.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Starting with $5000, one 20% play a week brings you to over $50 million in 52 weeks.

Stop trying to nail the next 1000% play and focus on consistent wins.

EDIT: I never said you’re gonna hit 20% every week idiots, just giving an example of smaller plays adding up
You need it at $50 this week?

People are so dumb. if you believe Nio is a good investment, a red day means it just went on sale and you should buy more.
This is the way
I mean= The 1918 Pandemic (The spanish flu)
Ban
This comment is too gay for WSB
Immediate flashbacks to this https://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/jupbqd/tifu_telling_my_yoga_instructor_i_could_suck_my/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf
It's up that much because it's so foundational to all the upcoming tech. I like [Incyte](https://cathiesark.com/arkg-holdings-of-incy) for possible breakthrough drugs, but it's nothing revolutionary like CRSP. It looks like it's at a decent level to buy, although it would have been better last week before ARKG bought the dip.
Sold half of mine at 19.75 and I’m holding my remaining 270 shares for a while.
.
You mean all the spending that the trump administration asked for? Jesus you people are being gaslighted and eating it up
LGVW/PSTH/PLTR/THIC/BFTendies/FU$E/SRNE/$HITCOIN

One of these will print me into retirement or I sell it all and snort myself into oblivion on premium coke
“I am entitled to pussy.”

Wow.
So ... you are a gei bear? Positions or Ban
It’s Apple, doesn’t have windows
Saw the article refuse to read the if what buts bull shiz
Double Degeneration
Puts on this company cineMark and AMC covid will prevail
50% max profit or 21 DTE
Just sell before hand. I know most of you retards hold to expiration (usually this Friday) but I only buy longer dated options which don't theta decay as fast and also don't dip as hard on red days. Plus, if you think a red day is coming, sell a higher strike call to hedge, then buy it back once it dips and you can make money as the price falls while still being long.
I would buy this comment a reward if I wasn't so bad at stonks
I personally feel like it’s going to be just fine, especially because of NIO day. If anything, this is a great buying opportunity.
I typed in "stocks" on the amazon and it had tons of options. Thought id share.
Wow bitchcoin ripping
Thanks boss - a few things fell my way and it turned out nicely. Hope I am not being retarded by letting it ride for more
I’ll buy them at a discount and Venmo you.
F, it was all a lie
Do it just to get a balance.
You beat me by 30% without knowing how to use the term bagger or the difference between 1 play and 7 plays. 

I want to talk shit but I can’t.

Well done? I guess? I don’t know what to say.
Simple, we aren’t European
They only like it because it’s finance and it’s the only etf name boomers recognize. “Innovation” isn’t in their vocabulary
Found the poor
Why 1/8/21? why noit later?
Its a fugayzi, fugazi. Its a whazy. Its a whoozie. Fairy dust.
Should I all in Monday
[deleted]
This guy might actually be autistic
what does the watermelon mean
Fuck our government.
This guys true downfall what posting the glitch on the internet, thinking the people behind RobinHood can’t fucking read..(they only lurk, not post). The fact that he had dump ass risky plays lined out while he was actively trying to get his account locked is just icing on cake.
Ban, for not understand what bagger means and for saying “ALL IN ONE PLAY” then proceeding to post several plays. God, I miss zjz
I'd absolutely follow this
I hope so brother, I’ll buy 1 call on Monday to join you
neither my mom nor my sister would go near someone with only one comma in their portfolio little shrimp
Buying 30 12/31 26C. I’m probably going to walk away empty but let’s hope we break support.
🚀🚀🚀
I miss the stock market
This is a discussion sir... Not DD
Yes op, look at the fucking team
 Bill foley is a fucking legend, 

I would be shocked if this doesn’t hit $20-25 before merger
\>fastest timeline in history

That timeline is skewed though for the same reasons you mentioned. The gooberment got out of the way and private business did what it does best. The fast track was mostly all the bureaucratic bullshit. I concur with your post but I see a lot of people in trading/politics/armchair politics conflating extraordinary circumstances with ordinary metrics and it's worth remembering. Hopefully the fed will get the fuck out of the way with future developments after seeing the benefits, but I doubt it.

No doubt this was an achievement of modern science but it bears mentioning these companies didn't go from 0-100. They tweaked vaccines they already had in the works.

tl;dr COVID vaccine development shouldn't be *anyone's* nutshell DD
is this paper trading? what is this fake money
Sometimes autocorrect pisses me off so much and I think about turning it off but then I remember I’m a complete idiot who can’t spell anything with more than 2 syllables
nice. he has his voice dialed in
Penis
Games are getting bigger and memory upgrades to consoles can still be pricey. A friend of mine has the gamepass on Xbox and has filled a 4tb external hard drive with games he doesn't even play. The new  internal hard drives are also pretty expensive currently. There's also special editions for physical copies, this is definitely a more niche situation though. But niche can be profitable.
Started listening the audio book. Even that had an ancient boomer sounding folksy ass narrator to match the outdated strategy. PASS
Four BABA 1/8/21 220 calls cmon big head Ma & just kiss 💋 the  ✋
Definite hold
Discipwin is what you wack
[deleted]
It must be the worst season in that time frame. We’ve had worse squads but Wenger always got us through. Now we’re completely lost.
Don't think it will go that high. Remember in that occasion, Porsche was holding ~70% of outstanding shares and not planning on selling, thus driving up the price considerably.

In this case, most of the outstanding shares are with retail investors, who have probably set sell limits that cover the short positions before we even hit $500/share.
WSB gets hyped, buys in bulk driving up the price and then dumps it at the peak. It can scare off investors and keep the post-dump floor price level for weeks or months.
I remember it it y'all.  Shieeeet
HBO max isn't available in Canada. Hence the utility of the play. Read.
80% of this sub and half of my friend’s that trade unfortunately. That was me 2 years ago too tho it’s not the way.
[deleted]
Have you met any of us retards over in the GME gang? We all in son... We gonna fuck 🌈🐻 hedge funds.... Once this fucker moons to between 50 and 120... Maybe we come fux wit ark...  But for now its yolo all in GME
Are you being racist right now? Because if you’re implying that this kid is good at math because he’s Asian, well, you’re right.
Coudn’t  hear or b/w the screams for your mom and sis last night.. say it again.
I read Analysts as Autists
[deleted]
Gay bear style
Ride will never bring an EV to market. You are right.

Workhorse will and Ride will mfg it.
Because ICLN has more room to grow
Guh
I have some icln 30c for February 

ARKG December 155c seems expensive 🤔
Oh, wow. You're the guy that was bearing all over GME the other day. Hah. Good night, Irene! Talk about downvotes...

[CompetitionForward67](https://www.reddit.com/user/CompetitionForward67/)\-8 points·[2 days ago](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kjbatd/back_onboard_the_gametrain_lets_get_some_rockets/ggw8dty/?utm_source=reddit&utm_medium=web2x&context=3)

"Can't believe so many people buying into a dying video game store chain. This one wsb meme stock that literally makes no sense"
Simple answer give them to me
Halo was the shit, back in the day.
Guh
[deleted]
Yep, you would own .5! You don’t belong here
You’re not wrong about the console cycle, but we still have to wait for Q4 earnings report, as well. 

What’s happening now is different factors contributing to the ‘revival’ of Gamestop. Like, Cohen upping his stakes in the company. New board directors that seem promising. Debt free. Cash on hand.
[deleted]
Sell them at a discount
dude no one goes to the fucking movies anymore. ever heard of disney+? HBO max?
Might yolo on 12/31 calls, I don't pay close attention to AMZN but doesn't usually drop to around 3000 if the whole market's dipping too? Otherwise I feel like at the very least it'll stay flat.
Mattress King likes it...so its good enough for me  


Sitting on 75 shares currently
I started working for my dad at a very young age, mastered that particular trade, got a job making 6 figures in that trade at 21, have been saving money since, I  don’t smoke, I don’t drink, I don’t have friends, I save money like my life depends on it. College is overrated.
I assume it's rebalancing. They're selling off tiny bits of this and that all the time across their funds.
"Once we've suckered them in, we unload the dog shit. The pink sheets, the penny stocks, where we make the money" -Brokers
Also PLTR
Workhorse and Ride will be a 20b+ company next year currently at ~3B.

Easiest 6x I’ve ever seen in my life.
NKLA gonna pop back to 20 just cause people think its going to 0
Someone convince me why I shouldn't put all my money into TAN calls and sell before Biden's inauguration
I’m not arguing it won’t go up, PLTR actually has a pretty decent setup. I’m just saying buying premium when the IV is sky high is recipe for disaster. IV crush hurts badly and even if you pick the right direction, you’ll still get out bleeding.

Much rather sell the premium on PLTR
Republicans had to make democrats look bad before the next election. Obama had a pretty spotless run so a government shutdown was all they could pull to put something negative on their record. Now republicans have to worry about how they look for Georgia voters, they can’t let it shut down or more people may want change in the senate
Yea they need to get gud at manufacturing
Cult 45 can make people act in ways that are theoretically il unpredictable, but really are highly predictable. If Mitch goes against trump I bet a large enough portion of cult 45 doesn't vote Republican in Georgia, because the God-emperor was disrespected
[deleted]
Wow such a quality post.
Fuck you. Give me your money.
Are there actually people that only trade weekly options lmao
the worst DD is the one that ends with OP asking the audience what they think. bitch we came here to be enlightened
[removed]
[removed]
Every time you jerk off, DJ go up by 1.
Started a trading account with 1k about a year ago after finishing my BA and mostly stayed in the black with stocks like SCON, NIO, TRIL, CPER, and then got into the stupid with the hype around GNUS and a reverse split with SCON. 

Lost my job in April and started a Gambling account with $2500, turned it into $36k in November, lost about 50% leaving me $17k, and still going strong. I played stocks like ENG, NIO, CVX, SAP, DAL, TRIL, GEVO, HEXO, GE, F, NKLA, and a few others. This account was all about quick gains and reinvestment. Some stocks shot up quickly, and others needed to be held a little longer. This 580% return was done WITHOUT options trading, but using trailing stops where possible. OTC stocks do not allow trailing stops, or I would have the full $36k in the account to date. I went AI ENG with 10k @ 1.09, but missed the peak of $4.35 because I couldn't put a .25 trailing stop in. That little mishap left me pretty pissed for a few days where I didn't trade at all. Still I can't complain about a 580% return to date.
Damn what an alpha, drill em like how you're all-in GME, king
Gun safe
ARKG might continue its pullback over the next few days. load up
Already have had 200k income over the past 2 years. Become accredited investor. Then you can buy things before the plebs and help ensure that the rich, like you, get richer 👍
[deleted]
NYTimes being very bullish:

“Jeb Breece, a principal at the New York money-management firm Spears Abacus, has grown increasingly cautious about what he sees as excessive levels of complacency in the market. He has sold some shares that he thinks are too highly valued, but hasn’t made any major changes to his portfolio.

“All this stuff all makes me nervous, but at the same time, I don’t see why it stops,” he said. “This doesn’t feel like the top.”
Ford Motor Company? $10cc 6/18/21. Thx fellow trader
ARKG and ICLN leaps
See you on the moon champ
his dads  boat looks nice
It pains my soul to read posts on /r/investing. It just screams of 1970.
what u sell thcb at?
Hospital cfo still won’t look me in the eye after I told him tsla leaps in April.  Fucking cuck LVM bitch.  Our hospital would be fucking set for a long time.  Pos
Anybody remember the copycat guy right after this in the wolf mask? He had calls and turned out he was faking the whole thing.

What a loser.
[deleted]
Sitting on 2000 INO stocks about to buy my second lambo
No way we elect a guy with a brand new stock PLTR for a name. (I have calls on it btw)
Good point I had forgotten about that. ILMN has a giant market share, but they are probably going to need a short read solution to keep it.
So.... in the Information Age of technology, pretty much anyone can be a stonk genius right? Obviously you gotta formulate strategies, do your own due diligence, etc. But I know I would have blown up my account by now if I didn’t have a bunch of retards to discuss plays with. I think the market might be changed forever bros.
I have 6 MARA 11C 2023 LEAPS 

I also have a fuckton of RIOT shares and LEAPS 

This shit is about to go parabolic. The next meme stock in a month will be RIOT/MARA
Of course it does.
Theta ganging is overrated. Your one loss destroys all your gains
you cant “deposit” money into a 401k. fraud
That looks right. That price is in USD!
Lions have 4 coaches and 8 starters out today because of Covid. Even at -10.5, Tampa Bay is free money. Absolutely shipping it on this and I’ll see you guys at the soup kitchen.
Cool I googled as well and also couldn't find the exact day. 

Crazy times with stimulus up in the air along with everything else, but hopefully we can jump on the train to Tendie Town!  Good luck my bro

Wasn't aware that Cathie Woods jumped in but she has been unstoppable lately so 🤞🤞🤞
What the fuck do you even do with your life?
 **🚀**  **🚀**  **🚀**  **🚀**  **🚀**  **🚀**
[removed]
Its called Trade Republic, theyre fairly new.
Mine came in a box
It’s up 150% in 2020 and 1,100% since 2017. We’ve missed the run already, there must be another one
Inception but they keep checking their GME calls
Sam clearly missed that opportunity
Paysafe is massively undervalued

Buy BFT and watch it MOON

**🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀**

Edit:

Positions: 900 shares holding post merger
ARKG
My bro earns 50k still spends lesser . Fucking retard
F
Are you holding your commons through the Merging or taking some of table?
People mimicked him afterwards and levered up to hundreds of thousands IIRC. Don’t recall how they went tho.
Nope
What is a DD?
How'd you make $300k+ at 28 with not even a HS diploma? I turn 28 in a few months and I don't even have $20k to my name yet with a college degree lmao
I feel like everyone is expecting numbers to be amazing right? I have gotten absolutely burned on AMZN options the past 3 weeks, I’m thinking flat until earnings run up
[deleted]
I don’t have any problem with that but there’s always some moron in here who thinks he’s some investing legend because he started investing in 2020 where it was literally impossible to lose money unless you were an actual retard
Are you sure? Q at the end means it goes through bankruptcy protocol
I am 18 right now with 15k saved from living with parents.
They have also been selling teeny tiny portions of CRISPR, but that may be rebalancing (I really have no idea though, lol)
cool
So you’re telling me to YOLO into FULL? Bought FUL instead.
I think they're more worried about a family member running than him. Some of them have actual political ambition, Trump has branding ambition that made him oops his way into the white house. He'll be relevant from the Georgia runoff through 2024, but if one of his kids or kushner doesn't land a high flying spot in 22 or 24, he won't be able to throw his weight around politically anymore
Shitpost, flair it. December 14th 🤦🏽‍♂️
!!ИOOM ƎHT OT
Should I dump 50k into arkg or shit🪙
🚀 🚀 🚀
I have a call on GME at $22 break even for Dec. 30th. Will I live to see the new year??
I’m in
CRSPR “Headquarters: Zug, Zug,” you know the WoW players are in
[removed]
Additionally VW wasn't shorted above 100% of float.

I wouldnt be surprised to see GME reach $10000 a share before crashing back down.
If you have a problem with people making fun of others you're in the wrong sub... Or maybe not. This place sucks now.
No problem at all, I’m up like 60% on them which is great but knowing I could’ve been up 200%+ is fucked
This community would blend so well with speedrunning for the memes, imagine a $50k speedrun.

"Hey what's up dudes, today we are going to be doing a get rich speedrun, we're gunna' go for the $750,000 category; I think a sub 60 hours is possible"
Guh
It’s a joke you caveman
cock in a can
what does the melon emoji mean? and i dont know so please explain
short answer: nah

long answer: $PLTR
Nothing beats waking up, making a cup of joe, and looking at good ol’ stonks on my patio. By looking at stonks I mean shitposting here.
Microsoft isn’t working on EVs. They are working on automated self driving bud. Tesla has shown it’s possible and as of right now has no competition in this space since everyone else is dicking around with lidar.

If Microsoft can pull it off with a vision system quick enough, then I expect their system to be purchased by all major automakers aside from Tesla. Just like your dell runs windows, your car will have Cortana driving.
😂 @ the comment with that username 👌
Nope, hier ist alles was ich gerade habe https://imgur.com/a/DHFD510 
kein wort über wirecard okay?
Blockbuster was missing debt payments and put their streaming service on the back burner. Gamestop is paying debt off early and has bought back shares. They're also currently transitioning to include more e-commerce.
[removed]
Hideously wrong on all 3 counts
question for theta gangers, how far into the money, or how close to expiration do ppl usually execute their options?
You spelled wife wrong.
I doubt Dorsey will actually buy it because tidal is useless without Jay-Z, unless he is buying the infrastructure to make some sort of Square competitor to spotify
Guh
man that shit died down quick. really enjoyed it while it lasted tho .
Guh
I love this sub.
[removed]
hoodie, jeans, sweat shorts, skincare products, first 3 dune books
Not saying it's overpriced or anything but leaps are expensive af for any company I've looked at.
Besides the mr market lesson that can be applied to missing that, value investing teaches you that if your truly looking long those companies would be worth buying at almost any time. I mean if its a solid company you buy in most circumstances at any time during its run and make a solid return
.
With your bowel movement?
Genomics are overvalued right now.
Couldn't be us
Edited. Thanks
Halo is trash. Only smooth brain Neanderthals watch sports. Les Mis is the worst fucking human creation of this earth. Who’s next
Or covering by crediting us
Get a Roth IRA through Fidelity. They let you trade options and even sell spreads. Trading options in an IRA tax free is amazing. Just don’t get assigned if you are selling options since there isn’t any margin .
Why won’t you just download the games? I get the used game part, that’s a fair point.
Sounds like that’s your Personal Risk Tolerance. 

His is $50k. Guh.
"💔 IT'S OVER! ARK Invest's $700M Breakup with Illumina (ILMN)"


youtube is so fucking ridiculous 😂

I mean we all know this but sometimes you see shit and you just have to say it out loud.
It's just old chicks trying to get the highest status males they can get before they can't have children anymore.
[deleted]
Me too
[removed]
These posts are really killing the sub smh
Yes. You buy when the stock is undervalued. That's investing 101, son. Read Buffet, or Klarman or Ackman on value investing.

And you shouldn't condemn others for completing DD. It's what keeps the community going, what have you done?

No more attention for you.
woosh
For people in USA on Robinhood and similiar, are we suppose to look at CPXGF? 

https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/cpxgf/
They're together in heaven now.
A broke persons cope
More fuel for the infinity squeeze 😎
Oh shit a real geneticist. Do you have any insight on which companies are editing genes for industrial purposes instead of health purposes? I love the health stuff but the red tape and ethics are buzzkills.
Been looking at this domain for some time now, and everything is expensive. Too bad I don't have the capital to even go for long plays...
Congrats and fuck you
TDOC
Damn he kinda cute. Too bad it’s a gay unpatriotic short seller 🥶
Exactly, how the fuck it ever got that valuation to begin with is insane. I guess just pretend you have revolutionary tech and you’ll be worth multiple bills.
If chamath was wsb gang he’d already have doubled his money with GME gang
Ist das dein gesamtes Portfolio?
Have it your way
You can trade in your old console at Gamestop, pretty sure best buy takes trade ins as well though. You get a larger trade in value at gamestop if you choose a store credit instead of cash. I don't know if amazon or best buy sell used games but gamestop does which can make games more accessible. Instant gratification as well, if want or need something today I'll gladly drive to the store to get it rather than waiting for it to ship.
Open anyone? Is it a hold? Have 2/2021 calls 30$
MT sucks bro. Steel hasn’t fuckin moved worth a damn since that “DD” from the steel worker guy.
Or play spreads - gets the debit amount down to more affordable values
Nice
No it wasn't you were gas lighted and fell for it. Our taxes start increasing this year and every two years after while keeping corporate tax cuts and write offs permanent.  You got played and eat it up. Fucking amazing my ass.

Rand Paul is a liar. He had no problem adding 1.5 trillion to the deficit for trumps tax cuts, there's nothing fiscally conservative about that.
Which broker? I know you can trade options in UK but haven't found one that intuitive, only way I've found is tastyworks but I heard depositing is a nightmare because you have to wire overseas into a US account
Another split coming up.
“Had a buddy who worked in the drone sector”

*SEC entered the chat*.
You should NEVER have all your money in a single thing.... Like FUCKING EVER!!!!
[deleted]
Bingo you got it!
unironically planning on buying the cheapest LEAP call for black swan investing
It’s true
Cathie is legend dip buyer.
Min*
What Christmas gift did u get yesterday?
Thanks! I was proud of myself that I didn't get into options. I will stay with my plan and enjoy the research and everything else :)
Is it possible to learn this power?
"The virus doesnt care about which year it is, also *in 1918 the pandemic was worse in 1919* then in the previous year."

I'll just leave this here
Anyway, I need some HVOs
Birth control calls afterwards
I would consider buying shares (gay I know) if it was valued under 10m marketcap. So like 1/500th of current price lmao
Don't forget to sell.
Probably another split coming up
$RKT
Read
AMEN!! Lets EARN money together friend.
Merry crisis
Retard and now Zoomers, Where does it stop?? - Michael Scott
For real!!
Life savings deposited
Ticker: CPXGF!

RH doesn't trade FNMA tho, which will likely be one of the biggest pumps of 2021 after SCOTUS ruling in a couple months.
[removed]
Whotf is actually buyin pelatons?
[deleted]
Peep the volume on NKLA 100c 2022. Free money?
Tldr: cures aging and causes a global population crisis. The board of shadowy figures would never allow that.
MASSIVE $2B pipe on this one so buyer beware after the merge. I was in before merge and have dumped warrants after a decent gain. Holding some commons yet but will not hold thru merge.
Hey, retard here, I am looking to get into this but my smooth brain cant answer this question that I have, maybe you can help me?


Isn't low sales volume and high steel prices equal the same revenue as normal sales volume and normal prices? Can we really be sure MT will have a strong ER in February just because prices went up (but not the sales volume)? Selling 10 items for $1 gives the same revenue as selling 1 item for $10, so what am I missing?
I have 50 in dogecoin to justify my need to open the robinhood app 8 times a day.
[removed]
[removed]
Crucial analysis. Well done.
What app are you using since your in Europe?
Leaps are cheap, just saying
You’re stupid, you don’t borrow shares for free.
Unsure of that and of whether or not that logic is for sure a go.

Interesting play in any case for me. Long term view!
Idk if this is a bot, but either way pretty creative
His joke is that he doesn’t get paychecks you moron 

Crazy how many losers frequent this sub and try to put down other people who don’t even know they exist
[deleted]
So the largest province in canada with 1/3 of the entire population of canada just went into a 28 day lockdown and you think now is the time to buy a movie chain with primary operations in Ontario? Also if you are going to put effort into DD please get all facts correct. I use to work for Scotia and the Scene program was a joke and they are the 3rd largest banking in canada which isnt saying much since 5 banks run a monopoly on the banking system in canada.
Been coiling and ready to pop

Calls are bleeding doe. Need to go long
Sounds like I'd kill myself. I'm barely a year into my boring office job and already starting to wonder how my 9mm would taste
"blaming"? you mean "crediting"?
Jokes on you, shares or not, I'm a fucking loser...
WOOD & CUT to the moon, confirmed
That just might be the worst subreddit I've ever had the misfortune of discovering
I love big jpow
Its a pretty standard TSX company...should be no different than any other canadian company.

Many examples of people pushing the covid limits, etc. We are social animals and have a sentimental spot for things like going to the movies.

I am not contending that the movie landscape will change. The idea that everyone just stays home all the time is analogous to the idea no one flies in an airplane again.

Transient changes like a virus leads to cannot fundamentally change human behaviour. We will just have to agree to disagree.

This play is more for people optimistic and bullish on regular life returning in a booming spending spree 2021. And for those who want to realize huge upside.
For comparison, VW's squeeze raised their cap with $300 Billion to get to a share price of $1200. 

For GME to get to $500/share it would only require a $35 Billion cap, which isn't even that wild of a valuation if they turn their ship around.
Love to see it. Fuck the scalpers!
[deleted]
Namely, don’t be a fucking 🌈🐻
Or this [Q](https://www.investopedia.com/terms/q/q.asp)

Which means "bankrupt: issuer has filed for bankruptcy”
Plz
Buy the dip on $NKLA I dare you
Why the fuck couldnt it do that in September where it instead gained value, obliterating my puts, and blowing up my account?
Good bro I wiped my ass today
[deleted]
NYTimes blaming market gains on us again.

This quote: 

“Brokers say strong demand from individual investors drove the surge of trading in Airbnb and DoorDash. Professional money managers largely stood aside, gawking at the prices smaller investors were willing to pay.”

Oh really? Because the price had doubled by the time I could buy those, sooooo.....
[deleted]
for TQQQ
🖕
Me three. Sold half at 5:15. I think there's still alot of room to grow with this one.
US deficit and PLTR 🚀🚀🚀
Despite your high dose antidepressant giving you erectile dysfunction?
Don't sell.
Whatever you take from this post, take his proposal of sticking together, keeping faith and holding this stock. If we all hold, and keep pumping, it WILL gain traction, and it WILL squeeze faster. 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
the simp-thot economy is colossal and people don't realise it.  I did some napkin math and at a conservative estimate, OnlyFans alone accounts for $7.2bn transfer of wealth from autistic losers to basic thots every year

imagine if u factor in snapchat premium.  instagram "influencers".  dinner dates.  diamond rings.  alimony.  porn.  I even know perfectly normal women who seriously considered selling used panties online.

i once spoke to a girl on tinder who did cam work.  she said she made literal pennies per hour because - and i quote - "every girl and her mother is doing it now"

nobody wants to admit it but selling pussy is causing probably the biggest wealth transfer of all time right now... but i suppose a lot of the money ends up back in the hands of chad men anyway when the thots buy their coffee and vibrators
this is great. Looks like she's been buying a ton of INCY.
somebody from work called me this morning asking for help and i am like a mid-level supervisor at best. this has never happened before and i was actually able to help him. i am simultaneously insanely angry at that guy and moderately impressed with myself. idk how he even got my number guess i need a new phone
i wish i had awards to give you
[deleted]
It's ok if you want to add 5% per annum to your portfolio, but I suspect you want to go 🚀🚀🚀
That would be a misunderstanding of rsi anyway. Rsi on an uptrending stock can be high and still not be signalling a reversal
A woman who seeks to be equal with men lacks ambition
Not available on RH
I'll consider it when it reaches the low single digits.
start trading in those shares for more shares because we're sliding to the moonbase next week
BOMB i have 3 of them around me and eat there often AMA
CRSP is one I've had my eye on. Going to put a significant amount of my Christmas bonus on that.
Sick. Capital Gains Tax in Ireland is 30%, after the €1200 tax free you can withdraw per year. We can't use RH here tho, even tho we are also EU. Wish we could. Its Degiro for us for now I think...
Calling all 🐢🐢🐢 gang HEAR goin to $35 soon

https://finance.yahoo.com/news/turtle-beach-corporations-nasdaq-hear-082502799.html

If this spam bothers you idgaf cause y’all spam PLTR and garbage all day
The virus was worse/stronger in 1919 then in 1918 (when the pandemic started)
Words are hard....I know, dont worry.
6,000 not 6.5k for 2020 and 2021
unironically learn mental models so much so that it becomes habit
That IV bro
I thought it already had its increase with the console cycle, and I thought going up so much last week would’ve been the squeeze. I’d like for it to go up more this week but why should it?
So the joke is he's broke?
Quiznos closed down like 90% of their stores. I had one close to my house and I loved it
Shut the fuck up lmfao ever heard of mute/block?

For the amount of times these jackasses spam PLTR and other garbage tickers I’ll spam this as much as I want
https://soundcloud.app.goo.gl/5jeNjyi7fWAxvcGv6
[removed]
At least you read the DD. I am of course not against PLTR or other sources of tendies. I just find attractive value deals that others under appreciate very attractive.

Scotiabank is one of the largest banks in Canada with operations elsewhere. The deal being struck is more important than the size of the bank, don't distract from the actual points being made.

As for Canada being more strict, Canada has a patchwork situation much like the states. Places hardest hit have gone into lockdown again, yes, but that happened before and places like Ontario (conservative government) had to do it. Other huge provinces hit by covid hard include Quebec and Alberta. All have policies more in keeping with a place like Texas, for example. 

Simply stating the obvious that locations in the dark of a covid winter are in lockdown is not a respectable point of argument.

Under your brilliant logic tons of plays other than PLTR are bad choices. Lots of value in this market for companies suffering with covid. Hilton Worldwide is a great example.

Cineplex is the only chain in Canada, the contention its slowly dying is not substantiated by any actual financial evidence. If it was "slowly dying" why is Universal striking huge deals with them in the middle of a pandemic?
Damn it seems like everyone on this sub is getting rich from GME 😳

Should I start trading in my games again?
Cool good luck!!

Do you know when they release sales numbers?
There was a lot of options beside tsla. Most of us probably managed to get into at least one of the tsla, nio, xpev, qs, mara, riot, hive, shop, pltr, crsp  to make some great profit this year. Edit Almost forgot about gme.
...Buy...the...dip?...
holy shit my calls and shares GREATLY APPRECIATES this bot’s username💰💰💰🤑🤑🤑
You,A,Vee,Ess
Wishing you the best in all your future endeavours.

Fucking John Chen....
Looks like you got wooshed my man. He's joking that he went unemployed due to the pandemic.
MU PLEAS FLY
Either I ate the onion or you just don’t get the joke.
shares are 🌈.. I ain't no 😺
ill throw $100 in
Imagine rolling into a bar with the your drinking bear.
ARK bought NIU shares. Maybe this will make em fly again, been -30% since November smh
I can't stand the slow death of NKLA, LK at least actually had a produc t
Ahh. So even if people don’t return to the movies you expect a revenue boost from a Warner Bros distribution deal.

Ok now I’m interested. Any clue how much marginal contribution they make per theater view vs per streaming view with Universal?
You have to buy the copper wire separate.
Fun fact: Melvin made quite a bit of money on Chewy. Ironic.
Every new disease intervention will need its own trials and FDA approval, this isn't as simple as it seems. For shorter term, look at small molecule vaccines. Those are cheap to produce and can cure types of cancer. Sellas is one of the players in that field.
Nah way too much growth in Cloud/AI for that to happen. Both will double in the next few years IMO
MRNA is coming out with a flu vaccine Q1. Take my word for it. Buy and hold the shit out of it.
[deleted]
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [Follow (1st Movement of the ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=57w2FPoiPWk) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=57w2FPoiPWk)⠀►►⠀ 2:50 / 4:15 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
[deleted]
I started playing betonline last night and lost a couple hundred bucks in blackjack. My thirst has been satisfied
I got money in other assets like collectibles and shit but anything else you recommend?
[removed]
Alexa play follow by incubus (you'll know it when you hear it)
All of you degenerates bitching about the market being closed..just invest in coins and your gambling addiction would never cease to end.
Yeah, and the first person to get vaccinated for Covid-19 happened around May. Because of the fastest timeline in history with billions in funding, support of every government, and over lapping trials, it has just started to get rolled out now.

Just one person doesn't mean anything in terms of approval. That person needs to be followed for months to years for side effects and the doctors need to replicate that impact on dozens to hundreds of other patients and follow up on them too. The treatment described in that article took half a year to even administer.

The numbers depend on the FDA approval reqs for that treatment. 

Just because something happened once in a lab does not mean the treatment is anywhere near ready for approval or for market. It is still at least a decade away.
How do they not understand that removing 230 means Twitter shuts trump down?
Materials have become more expensive and harder to come by. SNE knows how many they would have sold. Maybe they're waiting until cost of materials goes down?
Holy crap Nikola is below 14....Good times.
Him and a few others got banned from ever using RH and settled on paying back a lower amount. They all had to sign non-disclosure agreements about the details
[deleted]
[deleted]
hahaha sorry old chap
Yes yes, put all of your money in the market, everyone should put all they have into the stock market. There is no alternative, after all
Fuck you
I read online that are lot of people are unhappy with their support and some people's positions were randomly closed. can you confirm that?
There's literally some bum on r/pics who "saved" 15 bucks over this year with 15k upvotes. It's legit so pathetic how bad people are with money. There really are winners and losers I guess.
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
🍆💦
Before or after open
But their commission is expensive af
Tesla is going to 4 trillion, they are the next Apple/ Microsoft. I still ain't buying though, I'm a pussy 😐
OP wrote that he works *for* an EV. In his latest post he wrote that he invested in an EV company and helps them procure steel
If it doesn't moon on Monday, wait til Tuesday
$ILMN
Super Weenie Hut Jr. in fact
[deleted]
Get it it!!
[deleted]
Don't you need to short before he dies so you profit from the news?

Is your thesis that Berkshire is like the buildings in Mordor and Buffet like Sauron, so when he dies it will all sort of collapse?
[deleted]
fucking drops the literal mic

^^^^Retards
I feel like the prettiest sissy in the ball 💕
Doesn't need to actually happen, the perception that it could happen is enough to make a stock pump
Hope it offsets my baba loss, then.
Do Canadians pay taxes on sports gambling winnings?
I think they're just greasy burgers and fries. But some people love them.
lol.  It’s like having the Nintendo 64 Gameshark installed
The Halo 3 theme gets me fucking HYPED. I WANT TO TRADE
We went too high too fast
[removed]
I find it funnier now that I’m in my 20’s. That shit is gold. BRB gonna watch spongebob clips
I think i understand what PLTR is but whats up with the Q at the back? 🧐🤨🤔
How are all my HVM's doing this fine Saturday?
Look into Brian Deese nuts
Nothing will happen now, because gov employees get back pay and they always get the bill signed, gov spending only goes up, it’ll just be a gov employee paid vacation
Why do you think every super speculative asset from shartcoin to SPACs to IPOs add all poppin off. Everyone is asking that same question
Not with how liquid brokers are nowadays
[deleted]
This is 100% true, AI and genomics are going to have a massive impact on the world moving forward.  ARK ETFs let you get a whole pile of them in one batch so all the ones that fail (it happens a lot) don't matter and you still own all the ones orbiting the moon.  Although if you want true memes invest in ARKK because its still EDITAS, INVITAE and CRISPR but with a side of TSLA.
Production capacity is cap because of Covid
A man of quality
I concur with this statement and I’ll go to downvote hell with you
[deleted]
Got LEAPs that I fully expect to be worthless by 2023
Elon is the messenger. Did you get the message?
Lol it's not his account
Takes a stable family to do that too though. But congrats man! Thats insane to pull off at 20
Ah yes time to start the 2 day recovery from drinking/drugs last night 

Gonna start with some coffee and a joint lol
What happened? Will it finally stop being ded
I have 10 jan 2022 45/80c bull call spread I picked up for $6.90 debit and am feeling good. I’d like to close out the 80c at some point this year if I can buy them back cheap.
Freedom of speech does not apply to Reddit lmao
175x 12/31  25c, let's go to the fucking moon on Monday.
Cucked my SQ calls
Mormons think butt stuff is ok, you'll still be a virgin for when you get married 😂
Lol wrong cathie wood retard.  Im talking about Kathy wood from columbus ohio
Not till interest rates rise so GL
[removed]
[removed]
Go listen to the pixelterror sandstorm remix—you might be just as hyped
Which wich and Firehouse
[deleted]
[deleted]
What you holding fam?

Multiple 12/31 3250c here
WSB becoming like most of Reddit, lower-upper middle class 14-35 year olds who are totally woke and of course they support the Robinhood government because capitalism is racist... while browsing a “Wall Street” related forum.
[removed]
Fiscal conservatives are a super minority, as you can see by trumps trillion dollar deficits pre Covid, they only pretend to care when a dem is in charge. I’d say there’s even more fiscally conservative Dems at this point
Yeah I cancelled my shit earlier this year, they want $500 locked up minimum for a .01% return when you could throw that shit into any zoomer stock and make way more.
Feel sorry for anyone holding BB calls.
You forgot the garbage truck company pulling out as well. Hoping to see some great loss porn at the start of the year
Dude, all respect, you have no idea what you are talking about. FHA is 3.5  percent down. If you do the math it’s better to pay the mortgage insurance to own the asset. The opportunity cost of using 20% down is worse than paying mortgage insurance. The only people using 20% down are those that are bad at math. Or non owner occupied investment properties require more down. https://youtu.be/1Ku34mmuxiw
AI is so good these days you might actually be a bot.
yate
Ps5 selling before Christmas $1500

Ps5 selling after Christmas $800

Rug pull in full affect.
Will it be good for my 0.016 shares?
[deleted]
Outside of pa/jersey/ny, sure.
Love suicideboys. Chris Travis and Bones are good too
The u/haupt91 meme is labeled Public Company Shopping, if you're interested. Can't post direct link using mobile.
Anyone know when AMZN is releasing sales numbers?  Can't find it on the Google but looks like years past has been the weekend after Christmas or the Monday after
Guh
It just got added to the s&p lmfao if you’re not long you’re retarded
This is a done deal by the way
Good thing it’s bear hunting season 😈
Publix
in my opinion there is no point in a savings account. buy stock, have an IRA, keep money in a checking. all better options
[removed]
This vid should autoplay in RH whenever a call expires worthless
So they are going to do all this by summer? Mkay
oppress me daddy
Yo the new automod is PLTR. Bullish
GREAT POINT!

Ultimately, I am bullish on predicable human behavioural patterns. Going to the movies is just one of "those things". Like doing drugs or getting plastered with alcohol its just one of those fundamental human things that people want to do. The theatre experience will always be a thing.

Anyways, to your great and important point which I am now going to add to the DD (because I forgot about it), **HBO MAX is NOT available in Canada.**

So, if anything, this strengthens the CGX play in two ways. First, it increases the value of its streaming service. Second its an incentive to have direct to theater deals (which is what its done with Universal).
Plays for next week?
Sir this is a Weenie hut Jr’s
[https://cathiesark.com/arkg/complete-holdings](https://cathiesark.com/arkg/complete-holdings)

&#x200B;

look @ the bottom
Weekly options traders with no equity In their portfolio end the year negative about 80%-90% of the time. As contracts lengthen the % decreases. Equity in your portfolio at the same time also decreases this % more. Do with this information what you will and don’t fuck it up next year.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Totally makes sense.
I’ll suck you off for some flair
Yeah sometimes I'll also get a quarter instead of just dimes
[deleted]
Fuk Erik Prince!!!!
You may want to read this https://www.newschannel5.com/news/nashville-doctor-performs-first-successful-gene-editing-procedure-on-sickle-cell-anemia-patient?_amp=true
Publix has a the best deli and subs anywhere for real
I'll shower you in something...
Ban
Quiznos was the best
Already shared my [Reno Story](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kjr5hm/happy_holidays_wsb_thanks_for_making_2020_great/gh2q90c/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf&context=3)

**What’s the next story?**

#Full Moon or The Swede?
Spongebob Squarepants is still fucking hilarious
Bold move talking about that in the new generation of WSB. Here’s an upvote we’ll see how this plays out
Jack Dorsey truly has no idea what he’s doing as a CEO
Jimmy over mike any day.
Is anyone still in Tesla? I sold half my position after inclusion. Hard to see the upside here. WOndering what you'rea ll doing.
[removed]
Some guy used the same glitch and made a ton of money if I recall correctly. But then had the money taken back when they realized what he had done
[removed]
They're my go to on the road. Close second is Firehouse
[removed]
Wait intill this guy find out about subway, he will instantly nut 💦
What up, I am your new bot overlord.

Please shower me in karma so that I may oppress your posts unrestricted.

(If I accidentally destroy your inbox, please message u/OPINION_IS_UNPOPULAR or modmail)
I think for 2021 I’m going to try more CCP and CSP. I’ve played around it the past two months and it was a good extra income
I literally do this. If the underlying drops and my FDs go poo, I buy slightly OTM calls to try and make up for that loss. It usually works pretty well. That’s why I usually just buy slightly OTM anyway.
Is there a point in a savings account? I feel like it’s better to just buy a fckin stock and forget about it
Found Jared from subway
That lumber boutta have me liquidated.
What assets though? Sounds like they don't have any good IP or anything and what? A shitty plant in arizona this is half built?
Sir, this is a recession
Yeah Irish coffee at brunch
Imma let that one marinate for a lil
I purchased LEAPS (01/2022).
1) The u/haupt91 meme of Buffett & Gates walking thru the expo. 
2) The bongo/cat remixes. 
3) BTFD(F) before the 2nd F got banned. 
4) BRRRRR memes.
Corn gang, clang gang, & tanker gang were funny but pathetic. Steel gang & lithium gang are just weak derivatives of clang gang. I owned MT 15 years ago at higher levels than its seen in the past decade, good luck with that.
Lmao you retard... you don’t even know how bad you’re getting fucked right now, let alone how fucked the next gen will be, so on and so forth. Inflation is a hidden tax imposed on people by government spending what it doesn’t have.
These high PE in some companies keep the profits rolling in. RSU's can make up a significant portion of an employees pay, yet due to such a high PE multiple you don't see much dilution. If companies like Amazon were trading at a 15 PE ratio, you would see larger impacts from how many RSUs they issue out as employee compensation.
yeah i'm fine with offensive and hardcore stuff just lately my tastes have been leaning away from the aggressive high pace screaming stuff and more towards slower rhythms with heavy bass and idk how to really describe the tone but like some Ghostemane and suicideboys and vince staples etc
[removed]
WSB hates krypt-toe because it is too retarded to understand it.  The mods claim it is because of pump and dump fears but that is autistic because this board only pumps and never dumps.
I don't even think it's that.  I think it's him trying to essentially bribe people because he's so butthurt that Twitter and Facebook have started labeling his lies for what they are...lies.  And he's too stupid to realize if he gets his way it's just going to have the opposite effect.  Remove that liability protection and these corporations are opened up to lawsuits if they don't remove dangerous misinformation.  Which means they'll probably be more diligent about taking down posts.
As of 9am on Hulu. Figgur it out
I was thinking, Froggy, and let's stay strangers.
What broker can you trade this on? I checked Webull, Robinhood, and TDAmeritrade.

I also don’t think you’re considering people are being conditioned to be less social.
Good bot
Oh shut up man take it to r/politics r/news
It's going to take 20 years just to get any of these products on the market, forget profit. FDA approval alone will make any of them moon but the technology is in infancy and trials are far from completion.
They are closing the unprofitable stores. Your whole idea of "who the fuck shops at GameStop anymore" is short sighted with someone who outdid Amazon in the pet e-commerce game attempting a takeover. Sure if they continue operating as they are now, they have no future.
[Check out these gains horny boy](https://imgur.com/gallery/FqBDL5h)
What kinda pussy ass call is this
Lol @ all the degenerates here using                     r/femaledatingstrategy lingo

Our trading strategies will make us a HVM and attract these hoes. No OLD for me though.
It traded there for most of the early pandemic. It gets dragged down with the american theatre companies (which are more spread out and have been destroyed). 

Morning star has a fair value rating at $13. I would say $13-17 is reasonable (50% of where it was pre-covid).

It will pop back up to a $14 level sometime in the next month or two is my guess.
Overpriced
Wawa, and it's hoagies.
[deleted]
Wait REALLY
Man, we really need zjz back...
Waay too risky could have gone wrong which is more likely Than a win, and you would probably be posting crying post Rn. Don’t do it ppl be smart
Lmao. Scotiabank is not the largest bank in Canada and as a canadian Cineplex is a chain that is slowly dying. Canada is a lot more strict with covid and all of Ontario just went into lockdown. If you enjoy making sweet tendies ignore this DD and just buy PLTR
[deleted]
1/29 24c
This is the way
Wishful thinking considering we know what it is now. Half the boomers that withdrew their 401k in February think it’s a hoax now lol
[deleted]
I’m praying for the employees that will get fucked by every Floridian ever
Keep seeing instagram ads from some bearded fuck claiming to be an investing god... talking about gene sequencing and a company in California... he won't tell you the ticker unless you listen to his dumbass 1 hour interview and give your email address, but I'm pretty sure he's talking about PACB
Its bad. I am now suffering from erectile dysfunction after watching it. Could be a pre existing condition tho
Guh
I’d be considered rich to some standards. But I mean like really really rich.
G thang
Wow even Dr Parik Patel is on the steel train, I'm sold!
No CRISPR techniques have been approved for humans. The sickle cell anemia trial started 2.5 years ago and is in very early stages with no evidence of success. It will take another decade or more to actually complete any trials using these techniques, and then you have to deal with pricing and insurance and regulatory things.
Started with half of my 401k mostly weekly calls but some share buys. Down 10k after holding prpl gains through earnings, now im up about 60% for the year. Fear and Greed have really got me this year. Ive learned that large share buys have worked better for me than options, I will always set a stop loss of the previous days low when buying in, that way even with a high dollar buy I rarely lose more than $250 or so. I used to hold calls too long, now if im up 400 or so I just dump it, singles win the game long-term not home runs! CRSR MT GNRC ADAP are my plays this week!
DM for referral code :p
Yes, the recent events and the upcoming potential squeeze has piqued my interest as well. I still am a little skeptical to put my money in it as it feels eerily like Blockbuster and so many other retailers. I might try to play a short term play on this, who knows maybe I’ll learn my lesson this time.
Went you see bloodbath you buy
Wow dude, I know a lot of us joke around about being retarded, but those were **literally** the most retarded moves you could have made.
Still wouldn’t recommend it lol won’t buy that shell corp bullshit but wouldn’t be surprised to see it climb back to 300
But they may ipo with Morgan Stanley too
theyre opening one in orlando
Online holiday sales up >45% YoY per WSJ - hopefully good for my AMZN call spreads
[removed]
As a Los Angelian that lives near to the original Joint located in Baldwin park. I Can Say In n Out is one of the biggest food cults here. The loyalty is generational. It’s also my personal favorite burger.
Market cap and a history of increasing in value after a new console cycle
This is the first time I have seen this brought up on WSB.🚀🚀🚀
[removed]
u/savevideo
[removed]
Wow must be nice having EUR 8k as an 18 year old lmao
cheers my friend i think we are both going to be just fine
I want to get in but I can’t evaluate its realistic PT and all you retards say $100+ and to the moon so I’m just sitting this one out
...He says after wiping the jizz off his face behind the dumpster in back of the Wendy's...
> 2. Get rich 

Guess your username does not check out
nice glad to hear
Our PLTR diamond hands are gonna get paid off soon i can feel it
Hell yea bro, I like it a lot. It’s his best work in a while
[deleted]
Wait what’s the problem with shares? Was thinking of picking up some and selling ccs on em
Calling all 🐢🐢🐢 gang HEAR goin to $35 soon

https://finance.yahoo.com/news/turtle-beach-corporations-nasdaq-hear-082502799.html
[removed]
That's how I got fired from Gamestop.
LOL COULDNT B ME
😉
Wait, maybe it's Human Vaccum Machine
Tesla started to moon before it made profits, and it definitely isn’t going to take 20 years for these companies to cure a bunch of diseases when they are doing it now
Solid dude diligence. Love the unique idea and your contribution. I miss one thing from it though. What is your expected impact from Warner Bros recent statements? Do you expect other movie studios to not follow their lead? Because if they all do then where should the stock price be?

“at Warner Bros. This week, the entertainment giant finally shattered Hollywood’s way of doing business, perhaps for all time. The company said its entire slate of movies for 2021 — 17 in all — would drop onto its HBO Max streaming service on the same day they appear in theaters, abandoning the old system of “windowing” its cinematic releases.”

https://www.nytimes.com/2020/12/04/opinion/warner-hbo-movies-theaters.html
Finally, a DD I can buy with my native currency. Been thinking along the same lines without doing a fucking ounce of research, but you did that for me. Not that I read it. But it's reassuring to know someone wrote a bunch of words about CGX.

Here's to 250% gains 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
What's the "other bullshit" you're referring to?  All that military spending that's been getting spread as "COVID relief"?  That's a misinterpretation of what's happening.  There are two bills being linked together to speed up the voting process.  There's no covid relief going to fighter jets.
[deleted]
Yea it’s really about personal taste. If you want hype Xen’s “Voltage” album is good. But it’s pretty offensive/hardcore. In the gym I just like listening to some crazy shit. I think this is Cudi’s best album in a while, it’s at least worth a listen
because he doesn't do anything without ulterior motives.  this is a pure pay for play play.
[removed]
[removed]
Amazon has a problem going up against companies that specialize in a particular niche. A perfect example of that? Chewy.
Cool just bought 100k.
I quantum-lept into Quantum Space 140c FDs. I'm retarded.
Lawl
[deleted]
Thinking about trading makes me so horny. Explains why I’m always horny.
Tesla looking to have record deliveries this quarter meaning record profit meaning stock will go up 10 times the actual value of what I just saod
I loaded up on MARA @ $2.44 back in August...  been averaging up ever since...  now up to $3.65 average....
These are excellent goals for the year. Just don't try to take a short cut by using drugs.
Pizza for breakfast like a true New Yorker
Lol when you die the same thing happens as before you were born. You remember the 1950s? no you don’t because you weren’t alive.
Everybody gangsta until the Stegosaurus drinks water
Yeah end of Jan seems likely after earnings
This bear is too early , he will get rekt
Nice and congrats on your win.  Have you looked into selling cash covered puts or selling covered calls?  You should be able to do that in your IRA account.
A Nikola bull?
Wack...Should've let a professional studio direct film and edit.. I've made better quality vids with my wifes bf.
Shitting hot rings of fire. Sting ring for three days. = the red Funyuns.
Idk, but Kate Mara is pretty hot and that's my DD.
He wants to turn square into some kinda lab rat version of Amazon with all kinds of different companys merged with it.
He really wants to pay people $2000 for their love.  It's the only way he knows how to get love or lovin'.
Honestly, just learned about you yesterday, and god damn did I laugh very fucking hard towards the middle and end of this post. Definitely someone I have to follow just for the shit posts and to see you grow man. Hope you hit that 8 figures in the next few years man
[deleted]
ANAL Gods team will come to the rescue.
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
imgur or ban
Trade Republic uses HSBC warrants but on EUREX real options are traded.
You wouldn’t get it
Its good but the line is packed at any given time. We need it in FL but it’ll never happen. Culver’s competes imo shits good af.
No I just average down until they expire worthless
no disrespect or anything lol it just reminds me a lot of older skrillex and pendulum and whatnot and i used to love that shit but now i'm more into the stylings of tipper and jade cicada and detox unit and whatnot
bro i have an hour commute to work an have been listening to cudi’s new album every morning since it came out
[deleted]
Don't you bring this into existence.

Loose lips sink ships
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
Well that explosion is a pretty dumbass reason to buy puts....
[deleted]
You son of bitch , I don’t have enough money any more , I’m in last bag!
4. COME OUT OF CLOSET
Flat
More or less douchey?
Good for you man. Once I graduate college and land me a big boy job, I will also be living this lifestyle
Ban
Stonks only go down
Sounds like a recipe for disaster. Love it
Slaps.
Wendy’s are earthquake proof.
Oh interesting. I thought it would be different this year but I guess not.
Steel Gang will be eating after earnings 🐸
I kinda know what I'm doing, but not really. Went from $9k - $25k from yoloing on over leveraged CFDs, then losing most of it and going back down to like $12k. Then moved all my money over to a platform that allowed options trading thanks to this retarded sub, and went from $12k - $49k currently in about 3 or 4 months. I fucking love options. Since I live in a third world shit hole, I can literally now just move completely over to Theta gang and ''safely'' make a high monthly income and quit my job. But I still feel like I got a bit more yolo left in me, so maybe just a couple more trades.... We'll see
my mara shares will be called away this week
I mean who the fuck shops at GameStop anymore? We had like 3 of these types of stores (gamezone) in my city and they are all closed now. You can buy games at Walmart, target or digital downloads. What makes GameStop a good buy if you think about it? Short term, yeah have fun but seriously? GameStop...
"hedge"
Inseminating artificially or otherwise monkeys with your sperm does not a genetics company make.
Ban
Interesting. I’ve wondered about simply buying the underlying since they make it public. Cathie seems to know when shits about to pop the fuck off, then sells after the run.
[Yes](https://imgur.com/gallery/FqBDL5h)
You don’t belong here
Exercise and sell I guess. Gonna be in this situation soon also, I think that’ll be the only course of action unless a MM buys at the bid you place.
What's HMV? Huge Vagine Man
OP you should also mention/look into Biden’s cabinet choices of Brian Deese and Gramholm
i never really liked Robb Bank$ when i was listening to so much rap. didn't hate him just didn't do much for me. Zillakami was kind of hype but i didn't listen to him too much. never listened to Craig Xen maybe i'll check him out thanks for the recs i'll give all of these guys more of a listen

haven't liked kid cudi since the first motm but maybe i'll give that new one a listen
im Gay
Just take a few chunks of the genome of octopuses and get 8 /s
Love it brother I fucking wish you the best
Designated Driver
🥺
I'm so raw from posts like these that my dick might fall off. GME to Jupiter!
Kids gonna be frantically searching for their friend’s hot mom’s account
[removed]
Binky the gawd. Him and his crew called the drop this past March.
Your boyfriend will be so happy.
Mods
Wall Street bets has too many snowflakes. If u ever touch the downvote button guess what you are
You need a minimum 1 yolo play per year or are you really living?
Anyone else hedge their FD’s with slightly less OTM calls?
You son of bitch , I’m in
If you look at the super strain like we did with covid the timelines almost match up.

Mystery illness shows up at the end of the year and everyone balks at the idea it could become something major. 

How much we betting we are entering "2021: 2020 Part 2". I expect a January crash like March last year
Why monthly calls, lol? Sounds like a “buy shares, and wait 20 years” play
It's pretty good. Is it the best burger you will ever eat? Probably not. However, it is probably the best burger at it's price point, especially animal style.
Google ATT and go to news you idiot
You really want uwu eboys on this fucking sub? It’s bad enough
I literally haven’t heard a peep about Tidal since Kanye’s Life of Pablo was released early on there. Who the fuck actually uses it?
Black Flag and NOFX
Dad is spelled D-A-D
I am looking at 35c June aswell
[deleted]
I got 40 7/16@31. 10 12/22 @32
Was in PACB and PSTG for months patiently.  Follow the whales 🔌
All I see is John Cena. Where is the badger?
[deleted]
[removed]
Guh was an absolute madman when I joined the subreddit. He seems like a hidden gem now, but i’m glad you’re bringing him back into the spotlight
We didn't invade iraq for oil... It was for freedom... (To get oil). 

Cheney doesn't have any connections to halliburton!  😉
Legend status
Correct
It’s been 1 decade since CRISPR was developed, then it took a while for companies to get set up, and it already has some big things, like sickle cell anemia, a kind of genetic blindness. This technology isn’t moving slow.
Local shopping center is already packed with people in lines so im staying home
[deleted]
What is MARA and why should I buy it???  It's popping up on other subreddits, stocktwits, and even seeking alpha comment areas.  Which side of the hype am I on?  Will I be getting served tendies or be the one frying them up for others?
Whats monday looking like
Tradestation, IB, Tastyworks etc all allow europeans to sign up.
Okay, so after recent events I have decided to revise and edit my New Years resolutions:

1. GET JACKED AS FUCK

2. GET RICH

3. BECOME A HVM
That definitely had nothing to do with the stores being shut down and people staying home from a global pandemic or something
Shit gl
RH’s low interest on margin is like when banks started giving out the NINJA mortgage applications
[deleted]
Nah it’s an AZ exclusive
Same. But who am I to doubt Señior Dorsey lol
Honestly, if its working for you, don't change it. funny tho you went from 1 monitor to 3 HAHA
Wow okay, with your account size you're only trading 2-10 contracts at most. That's a pretty good eye opener, you're in options with like 1-5% account size at max it seems like. That's smart.

I mean with that account size, you don't even need to leverage using options, its safer and easier to simply use common unless you're completely tapped out (which I doubt)

Very great win streak, haha tbh, I visit WSB for the shits and giggles, but to be honest, I've been trading like someone who was born and raised in the WSB community lately. Always good to chat with some other traders!  I sorta blew up my account buying a house (and cashing out most of it) and then now have been grinding my way back up. It's bad. I went from a 2k options account -> 125k from TSLA... and then promptly gave most of it back getting hammered to 25k... forgot how vicious options can be.. and I was buying monthlies.. just bad position sizing.

and then I have (relatively?) slowly grinded it back to 40k... but now I've sucked myself into a PLTR Jan 30C position that's definitely too deep than I intended. Sort of went shopping Christmas eve... got 100 contracts O_O I should prob close 80% of them at open higher or lower on monday.  The swings are too crazy. I want to do the slow and steady every day green like yourself. Nice looking chart and seems much less stressful.
....and I shot coffee out my noise. Mmmmm, burning sensations. 

But thanks for the laugh.
I’m not sure how the selloff will play out. I imagine a -10% is in the cards of possibilities before 2021 recovery. Or maybe this is just what I want to happen so I can put more money into PLTR lol.
Just gotta lay your head on the phone and learn through osmosis.
Post the comment he made so we can roast him
Anyone going outside with friends today or in the next few days?
Food Is good but is slighly overhyped.  From a business standpoint every location I've ever been is run like a Wendy's full of employees in the Marines.  Everyone knows their role, executes quickly, and is friendly as fuck (ok not like marines, more like chic fil a).  They have a small menu which makes their supply chain easy and cheaper to maintain than competitors.  They do minimal marketing since they aren't nationwide and use cheap low-cost containers with minimal artwork presumably to minimize costs.

Are they getting SPACd?  I'm out of the loop
PACB is now ARKG’s biggest holding over CRSP. Cathie is onto something
Melon = Elon
This whole show is full of bears it's actually retarded
Did it ever occur to you “He might be right!”?
Ow ow, better watch out
By the time it’s accessible to us normies 2 dicks will be outdated. You’re def gonna wanna go with 3 or maybe even 4 if you want him to be a standout.
I think it's impossible to know how people react to this shit.  The COVID response should have absolutely tanked Trump's chances.  Had 300k dead Americans and economy in turmoil in addition to civil unrest.  Yet, he came fairly close to another electoral win despite a landslide loss on the national stage.  And the GOP that enabled him for 4 years won big in local and state elections.  

The amount of misinformation and straight up propaganda voters see on facebook and "news" programs makes every election a wildcard.  Hell, the misinformation campaigns run on Whatsapp to SE Asians and Hispanics possibly pushed FL to Trump.
It’s just a fast food burger but I like it better than five guys
Damn why didn’t I think of that
https://spankbang.com/4q7ct/video/belle+delphine+porn
[deleted]
Damn this man is as ugly as he is rich.
I own shares in PLTR and CRSPR.

Palantir i finally stopped lurking this retarded sub and decided to be retarded with y'all.  CRSPR I saw a video on the shit they are capable of doing and I don't think I have enough money to throw at this one.  Although I'm too stupid to trade options like some guys on here, I'll stick with shares.
Personally I think the people that were burning down buildings and rioting for 3 straight months are the domestic terrorists.
It's not good brah. Typical Belle Delphine shit.
[deleted]
Retarded math checks out
Well that’s like next week.
Ahh Eu. Loves to shit on America but can’t stop talking about us and buys our companies stocks. Fuckin 3head
Just make sure to stay within your *personal risk tolerance*
Ah yes the famous NKLA calls. How to lose money faster than that autist who bet against apple.
Depends what kind of music you like. For rap ZillaKami, Craig Xen, and Robb Bank$ go hard af for the gym. For commute Kid Cudi’s new album is pretty good
Holding T calls, should I call the FBI and report my portfolio being attacked by terrorists?
Yes PLTR 🚀🚀🚀
lol not at all
Flow batteries are mass prohibitive for most applications. They really are best used for completely stationary type applications. I suspect the limited use case has slowed r&d and commercial adoption.
Pltr it is then
Waiting for JPOW to come out with an AR-15 and pop it right in the face! 🐻🔫
Earnings report to be released 2/11 🥴

I’m praying
PLTR 40 1/15/21 like a true autist
Guess I can hit up twits and talk turkey while we wait
This is the greatest piece of television ever created
Do you actually suck Ben Shapiro’s dick or just dream about it?
just do real crack
we will pay it back tenfold, along with our grandkids. Some people in here have kids we work hard for, why set them up for a steeper battle we had to climb?
[deleted]
Why didn’t sony just like, make more PlayStations
Everyone knows Cathie “Dubs” is their favorite Aunt. $PACB in at $15 and now this.
I see a man of culture.
You epitomize boner
[removed]
See you in the Bahamas next year
Tesla booming this week?
Except Biden isn’t going to be anywhere near as nepotistic. Notice his family don’t all have White House jobs lmao
This is a casino
They sold all their Illumina too. They tried to buy out PACB but instead shed some executives to them and paid a fat fee.
Spring is coming 😈☀️☃️⛄️💧💦
Crazy gains man. Congrats. Merry fucking Christmas to you lol
Excuse me, Is this the sub for the Belle Delphine leak?
really?  wtf is MARA?  I've seen it mentioned in a few forums.
Looking at how much hype KFConsole is getting...could GS make a real PC based console hybrid? Or maybe make a real console with exclusive in-house games? It would be expensive but the market would HURL money at them if they did it in a big way.

Longer term I don't see how else they get out from under the MS and Sony stranglehold.
I can’t read tho
[removed]
It's sad we gotta type it like that in this sub. This isn't runescape, don't sensor us !!!
its pretty good and unique tasting. there is a very loud "overrated" crowd but theyre a loud minority. theres a reason why its always so damn packed, bc its worth it to a lot of people.
Didn't happen in 2008, not going to happen now.
I’m sure this isn’t an isolated incident and similar things have happened before.

Their punishment was just made public display to satisfy the worlds thirst for revenge against America’s “not so good” acts of war
[removed]
[deleted]
? feb ? might as well get weeklies

position: 7k @$19~
crack hands**
I read the chart and it looks like she wants to pop
50 in 7/16 10 in 12/2022
[deleted]
i would've loved this in college
Just wait for the next generation of kids who will eventually discover their mother’s OnlyFans
So do I. But that isnt for WSB
That's ok.  You'll never pay it back either.  You'll just pass it down as well.  And the huge debt loads pretty much ensure interest rates will never again go very high.  Probably will never go over 3% again.
MARA RIOT. How fat r u?
It’s impossible to beat them. They “give” you stuff. We want to take it away! Look at our history from 1960-now. One at a time, they add socialist policy after socialist policy, until a large portion of the population is literally dependent on government.

How do they defend government spending going from 90b in 1960 to however many trillion it is now? Blame it on inflation? The thing that government creates? Lol?
💎✋ don’t sell yet
nope, bought at close on thurs
Sooo we can only talk bad about the number 1 preforming asset of all time? Craptoekuryancy are bad?
Pretty much
I agree but this technology is basically in its infancy. I have to wait decades before editing my dna so my son can have two dicks 😔
open bob
No, way too much going on with them right now. Stay away unless you are well educated on BABA’s business practices and CCP policies
They don't have real options in Trade Republic

But yes with real brokers you can also trade options in europe
Jokes on you, I don’t get invited to parties.
I hope you didn’t get into that before Thursday
Should be illegal for markets to be closed for 3 and a half days straight. Where is my stonk crack
[removed]
Mods are gay
It’s safe to say gme is getting bought up by autist with ugly ass hands on Monday.
[deleted]
[deleted]
MU 90c back on the menu
Biggest threat to global financial system is domestic terrorism in the USA. You have a heavily weaponized and pissed off portion of society (mostly right wing) that is going to be at odds with the US government the most powerful government in the world (newly left wing controlled).

Shit is going to really speed up the end of USD being the global reserve currency.
So since there are 0 cases in vaccine that has it, and 6 cases in another vaccine that has it; the connection to the underlying issue is what is suspect.
Damn we need our mods back.
[removed]
Sorry, I can't read Spanish
Tim is the type of guy that thinks he’s the life of the party
omg its porn.... I get it now. PTON to the moooooon
Please withdraw half of that before you blow it up!
hell yeah i love project pat. got to see him once several years back at a one day fest where it was basically all EDM DJs and then also project pat lol it was awesome
MT
How many contracts do y’all have ? I think this is a way better play than qqqj. Are there any other cheap renewable option plays ? AFAIK there’s no options on TAN or PBW.
You all know the theta gang, meet the “churn” gang.  Middleman money managers love churn.  Future doubt breeds the desire for wealth asset management.

What a coincidence!  We sell just that!
I agree with your point of view on these disrupters. I only own ARKG but have single stock exposure to the top 2/3 firms on avg of the other ARK funds. I’m gearing my IRAs toward the trends you mentioned and I am also including outer space  & big data( Spce, Srac, considering LMT after Recent aerodyne acquisition).  

My question is what are your thoughts on PLTR? I I bought at the IPO as I felt the potential was huge. I did the same with AI. Those two companies are my single biggest stock positions. 

On a side note, Thomas Siebel ( ceo AI) has a book out called Digital Transformation: survive and thrive in An era of mass extinction. I just picked it up but it’s been great. Highly recommend it, right up the alley of this post and more.
Used games, consolidated inventory, most the clerks are gamers so you can get questions answered.

I'm not into gaming either and have no position in GME, yet. It's starting to look better and better with the squeeze piling up. but used to go there as a kid. Now I bring my kids bc it's way faster then fucking around at 10 different stores.

Currently it's a shit business model but Cohen could change it around but by the time that's obvious the squeeze will be long over.
I'm in deep OTMs for mid 2022. Betting on recovery + growth.
I should delete this because shares are for losers, but it’s Christmas...
Take 🍄🍄🍄
'Binky'? Really? Wow.
BABA OPEN AT 240 ON MON?
retard
Yeah people dismissing the upcoming sell off do not understand how much compensation was skewed towards stock. Insiders were selling shares between $4-$11 pre listing. 

If you think they’re not going to dump a significant chunk at $18+ you’re naive. If you think they’re not going to dump a majority at $28+ you’re smoking crack... and soon won’t have any money for more crack.
So explain the shut down a few years ago?
[deleted]
Idk man, I like the posts from people that bought 1k PLUG shares and held
Oh that would make sense duh
In n Out is no joke
[removed]
How does the interest work? Monthly payments?
Big brain time
Careful, he's a hero
lol it’s been tracking that exactly
The 🐻 indicates a bearish outlook. Basically thinking stock price is gonna go down. It’s what those gays over on r/investing think all the time because they’re “smart”. Real autists never have a bearish out look
Maybe it's petty but I get immense satisfaction knowing I'm doing better than my exes
I got banned from the sub for saying it would go down lol
Helps when one of your execs is whispering in the President of the United States's ear like Palpatine to Anakin.

Calls on whatever companies Biden's new cabinet members have worked with in the past.
2/19 26C

Les get this bread 🥖🚀
[removed]
That’s my speciality
Must be weird being a zoomer and knowing there was a 90% chance your mom was a degenerate slut
Yeah low volume but I think they will both be winners next year
Yo
[removed]
Best reality check for me is to plug my nose and try to breathe in and out.  If you can’t you’re awake if not you’re dreaming.
Taylor lowkey slaps, too bad she can’t keep her mouth shut about other things
Look into hannon armstrong 🚀🚀🚀
The DD was in front of us the whole time
I’ll gobble your dad’s asshole too if it hits 30 by Jan

Position: June 26 c
Really, you think so?  I'm thinking about going for it.
Trade Republic like in the screenshot for example, can’t believe american pundits telling me it’s not possible to trade options, while i’m doing it daily.
Can someone explain what I’m watching. New to all this. Thank you
In arkg 1/15 100c.  And shares
Balls deep
Mom's leaving you and I'm going with her, dad.
Im between BABA or FNGU. Im leaning towards FNGU
Sounds like maybe selling Puts might be the way then ...or deep ITM Leaps and sell shorter term OTM Calls (poor man’s covered call)
Isn’t there like little to no volume on those stocks?
Is In n Out burger the truth or overrated?
Good one
Depending on your income, you can open a Roth IRA and contribute up to $6500 of post-tax income per year. This amount drops as you earn more up to a point where, if you earn ~200k+, you can no longer contribute to a Roth. 

However, you can roll your employer 401k into a self-directed traditional IRA. From there you can roll the traditional IRA into a Roth IRA where gains will grow tax free. I use E*TRADE for both (I have 2 IRAs) and I can access any security (stonks, options, futures, etc) that are referenced in WSB.

I’m no tax expert (I have someone do it for me) but I believe you have to only pay taxes when you complete the 2nd transaction (ie, rolling traditional to Roth) whereas there are no tax implications rolling from 401k to traditional IRA. 

IMO the Roth is the way to go as your capital compounds tax free. The downside to a Roth is that this capital is mostly locked up until ~59 otherwise you forgo the tax benefits. The one exception to my knowledge is in a one time harvest of the principle contributions. 

Hope this helps or at least points you in the right direction.
IBKR is 2%
Lol in terms of fake news Halliburton was to bush like russia to Trump

Brings back memeoried

Zoomers wouldn’t understand
Started a business a year before rona, shits hanging on by a thread. Need to make money so here i am. Fucked with the markets for 4 years and made a g, found u fuckers and tripled my folio in 3 months. Need to make money i got a family but scared shitless of the tax man stealing my gains so im not liquidating till im a millionaire. Been fun also miss my original b/tards and u guys are kinda like them but all grown up. Feels good to be back with my fellow retards. Hopefully u guys take me to tendy town and i dont gotta worry about real work no more.
Kevin O'Leary also said his women startups perform the best. His reasoning was along the line that women don't think with their dick.
The socialist commies are going to use Modern Monetary Theory to say “see look our economic policies work!” and use that to seize more power. In reality they’re just borrowing massive amounts of wealth from the future and fucking us.
Tidal sucks. Why bother
Buy low, sell LOWERRRR
life we live is a good one by him too
Masterpiece
Damn Schwab margin is 8% on less than 25k. I might just have to open up a robin hood
That was me watching my abml holdings on Wednesday. Up 400% premarket, down 25% after open.
Iv got jan 21c 537.5c but I dont think I'm going to make it. Itll be in consolidation until earnings run up
I was up 100%, then September happened and went down 90%

Pulled out of RH, deposited into WB and sticking to ShareGang. Currently up 10%
The 3 kings.
Looks like Christmas is coming early this year. 364 days until Christmas and people already have their lights up.
Yes but also notice PACB is their top holding right now. They bought that dip hard.
Dömp eet
Fucking hell from under 10k to 120k in like a month that’s insane man. Congrats
Someone spell out the banned ticker with spaces
[deleted]
Nope.
Holy fuck glad I bought a shit ton of MARA calls on the dip
Please give me sauce this is amazing
I signed up for their newsletter.
You need to create a Totem like they use on Inception. It has to be something only you touch and know it’s weight. You could use your butt plug, it’ll give you sensory feedback when you jam it up your ass. If it hurts, it means you’re doing it in real life and probably scaring the shit out of onlookers. If it goes in and tickles, then it secretly means you’re a 🌈🐻. If you plug yourself and you can fly, you’re dreaming.
It's a joke, there's only 80. He's hazing Elad Roisman.
Yeah geeze might as well just burn all that extra money so he doesn’t have to pay taxes on it......makes sense
I bought shares in august. Still have some. Go 25% otm on leaps.
You should invest in the medical market then
i don’t really like the way cocaine makes me feel, i just really like the way it smells
yes. people will forget about the news for a while until there is a big update on the investigation, so it will slowly drift back up to 240
But he thought watches were dumb.
RIOT
[deleted]
Been watching Arsenal for 20 years. This is one of the worst seasons I have been through. Oh well, good times and bad! Saka, Martinelli, Saliba, Gabriel, and Partay are the only things giving me hope for our future.
[removed]
Blackwater and halliburton

Anyone remember that dynamic duo?
Dash has incurred a loss of 150 million for the first three quarters and on top of that they have shitty accounting practices so that number might actually be way higher. They are most likely not profitable and they have no real way of becoming profitable as of the near future
Maybe that’s why they’re so grouchy
We can do anything we want in here now! Let’s Fuk!
Roll tide.
Eh, I like the platform. I talk about TD Ameritrade too so what's your point? haha, also talk about Tastyworks too a lot as well.
Bitch it's bankrupt. Dying.

I'm with you though 🚀🚀🚀
yes but average into it. expect a GME type time frame
Trump closing in on the deep state, Alex Jones to be appointed next director of FBI.
[removed]
Never again for me
Nothing.
I didn’t get gains.

I got diabeeetus
Congrats fam, dont forget to ask for a retard pedigree for your son
gym: https://youtu.be/le7HOQHrN2s


commute: https://youtu.be/le7HOQHrN2s
Big room for growth, best of luck!
All my riot shares got called away this week lol fuck me
Bullish!
No doubt a pump and dump, its just crowd sourced, that's what WSB does / is powerful because of
username doesn't check out
Swipe
“Alimony, unemployment and WSB” - wow
I think you spelled SPAC wrong there.  Flair checks out.
[deleted]
[removed]
All vegan
LMFAO, don’t listen to this autist. YOLO IT ALL
i bet you did think that
Follow me by petit biscuit gets me pumped while i run
[deleted]
You retards realize they only make money by selling used games right?
Flair checks out.
A connoisseur of pink sheets I see. My man. I’ve been fucked more times than I can count on those. Good job
Company generating 400% less revenue this year
[deleted]
10/10 troll
[deleted]
Who the fuck is here to invest?

Perhaps the gentleman would be more comfortable at one of our keno lounges for boomers? 

r/investing  -->

(Do you even understand what this sub is about??)
DASH couldn't even pull a profit in the biggest boom to ever hit take out delivery and we're expecting them to find a way to pull a profit now?
I’m all in on 110c 4/16, let’s go boys! 🚀🚀🚀
Oh okay.
So, is BABA a buy now?
Daim bro, if you’re a real retard split you money to people who comment here
RIOT and MARA gainz
There should be a rule that everybody that lost more than 100k becomes mod
ARKF ARKK etc
I’m gonna go take out a loan to buy a Maserati black
Why?  Why waste our time with this?
This is Healthy. I am Fine.
The Premier League will keep me going until Monday, despite being an Arsenal fan.
lesser known fact that song is about a guy
More of a retardsaurus
I don’t understand how u could not love pussies
Forex
You gonna take all the oil money and split it up among the people who live there? I dont get it
[https://soundcloud.com/user-689501361-333260152/love-ya](https://soundcloud.com/user-689501361-333260152/love-ya) my tracks
Shake it off- taylor swift
[deleted]
I  hate the character but I loved the scene lol
Yeah they are paying off their debts but they are generating 400% less revenue than last year. This thing is going down
Religion is just a community center by another name. Its the social spot, historically.
Coooooonnnnneeecccttttt
I’m from uk and trade US options lmao
https://discord.gg/KUAZMnrbSR
Love to see it
No
nice choice
6 out of 272,000 people had an allergic reaction. nothing to see here
Your body is a wonderland by John Mayer on both counts.
Bought 10k more in SQ calls on Thursday, hopefully bit🪙 holds onto these gains
Paying off your loans.... You have much to learn young padawan.
Please elaborate on your reasoning.
kelly green juicy j project pat
Why would you need a bag for 1k lmaoo
Whats this have to do with WSB
We only ban travel to make a big show of blaming other countries, but we make sure to wait long enough that its too late to make difference
Ja mein fuhrer, kino der toten und rammsteinenpumpernickelenmuskatnuss
How about you suck my dick?
Sure buddy.
Me too
I mean at that point you’ve gone from long to short. I don’t know if RH would let you cross 0 in one order but with your example it’s a totally legit flow. 

STC 1 AAPL
STO 1 AAPL
STO 1 AAPL
Do you live there? If so, how has life been the past year? Any political issues, I recall there was tension there before Covid.
Don’t forget about Dick Burr from NC
Trade Republic, fairly new broker.
This is exactly what I picture whenever I see retail traders talking about how juicy their dividends are
[deleted]
Nervous. Have 34k in Jan 2022 $47 calls.
songs for the gym?

songs for the commute?
This is the funniest video I've ever seen
Anyone complaining about stock compensation is an absolute clueless fuck... that compensation is way more than they could ever get in W2 pay.

Conclusion:  PLTR HR is on point at removing retards from the company.  ALL ABORD
No, he made a post after with this video.
Ty Mara and riot for carrying my portfolio to the moon
Hes looking to go just a bit further, to Uranus.
Yes, leading market indicator ZM is dropping off highs signaling an inevitable bear market in the next 3 weeks
Gay bear sleeping for 3 days and just woke up!
🌽 going 🥜s
I’ll take that bet
Any reason? Any interesting info you have?
[removed]
Shits not even real bro it’s from Captain America
In this circumstance yes. But when you lose money it doesn’t work.
I was in the steel gang for the last few weeks, UNTIL GameStop got my attention. GME has MUCH more short term potential, while steel is a  fantastic long play. I would recommend January-march YOLO calls on GME, and march-june calls on MT, VALE, and X. Good luck retards!
Jmia calls a dn long shares all day.  Or is it all year.
Spend some of that money on a Masterclass English course
Apple is too late. Pelton is a verb...
Show them who's alpha 💪
Strong diversification across the EV sector.  Well done.
[removed]
I feel like there are better ARK LEAP investments for better return with less premium but hey this is wendys
[deleted]
I’m in
Where can you check when new stocks are added to the arkg portfolio?
He had/has a new reddit account, I won’t link it here but for more info check his YouTube channel
https://i.imgur.com/RSpWv9f.gif
Two days ago*
Why is this on wsb
Up 47.5% (+$12,200)  since opening a webull account on Nov 3rd. [ AMD, PLTR and some RIOT]

my regret is pulling out so soon on RIOT on the days I'm swing trading
Double dipping?
Puts on your life is the funniest thing I’ve heard in a while
[deleted]
Thats the way
We should make a movie out of it. Let's call it "The Big Stop."
Baked into that sound he made is a lot of built up "I can't lose I'm too smart". In that sound he made at least 2 decades of personal development happen.

You just can't make a sound like that without a lot of internal adjustment happening.
Short ATT?
Cheers
[removed]
huh. This is probably pretty true.
PEG is like the least toxic shit you can put in a human body
r/investing is retarded but r/spaqs is either all gay or all virgins same thing really
Dont let kids win..it makes them weak
Oh so they conducted the investigation ASAP after the stock drop, to get the results out quickly and stave off any further drops?
ARKG LEAPs are still with it even with those premiums
[removed]
[removed]
Took both screenshots today, some stuff is in euro, maybe thats why
Will probably funnel some of my SQ profits into ARKG and weight up on CRSPR.  Not impressed with that tidal announcement
How much you down this year?
[deleted]
Can you freaking losers please stop upvoting these morons and the share gain posts please this isn't r/investing
Invested heavily into my TSP (government 401k) and then found out I can triple my return or lose it all in one day by stumbling across this sub

May 2016 to be exact
GME 🚀🚀🚀
Only if it’s guaranteed money
[removed]
How much of a drop do you want. It was 12$ last week if I recall correctly.
I might have to buy MARA on Monday fuck this is insane
nevermind iivi
The dip is now, buy!!!
[deleted]
Thinking of starting a big position on monday as well, any time they approach 515 lately it's at least been a good place to swing trade to about 535-40, but i'm sure they'll retest 600 in the next few months barring some market collapse. Something like 535 calls for march or something would surely be free money.
[deleted]
Those kids are going to have to do a lot of whacking to match up to their father.
havent you learned by now, tesla only goes up
If the thesis plays out it is short and long term
Guh
Japan banning people from coming into the country. US seems likely to ban UK travelers soon but it will be too late. Feel like the new strain will break out several weeks from now just like it took weeks for the original covid strain to massively break out. Bullish.
Do you actually have to exercise your leaps to buy the shares just to sell them to whoever is calling them away, or do you just hand over the leaps?
Your post has been removed because a single link is insufficient DD. Please review the following links before resubmitting.

Please note that abusing DD flair can lead to getting banned.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

[How to conduct DD](https://www.wallstreetoasis.com/forums/on-the-job-with-simple-as-my-research-process)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
This man is making my gains look like a fucking happy meal and doesn’t even know basic terminology. I think this makes me the retard
My uncle did. Then he died of liver failure.
these guys been trading their birthday money for 2 whole years
Mitch ain't budging, it's gonna be 600 or nothing
Rotating doesn’t do anything, flipping vertically would make a difference. Please understand.
An old guy told me one time that the only way to make real money is to either be in more than one place at a time (good employees) or use other people's money.
/u/remindme !Remindme 1y
PEG is in PFE and MRNA. Did you even scan the article you shared?
Casket on wheels bro
Could've been the political climate too, because, you know, fuck climate change.
Fuck Keynesians, all my homes hate Keynesians. Austrian School gang for life
having a youtube channel is more embarrassing than manipulating numbers tbh
Crypto.  There's places to discuss.
When did you take those screenshots? Tesla hasn’t been 526 for a while and $17 seems way too cheap for a 2022 $700 leap even when TSLA was $526
[deleted]
Wasnt this competition outlawed after Jarhead lost?
This title reads like a fucking warning on what not to do.

Good job though you tard
Bullshit, using which broker?
[removed]
DogeCoin is the future
I have 18 month old and 4 year old boys and I straight shattered the house record on the Whack a Mole game they got from grandma by about 400 whacks.

You can't reset the high score unless you take the battery cover off that requires a screwdriver.

Suck it losers, you live under my roof.
Three step process: 
Buy
Buy more
Work at Wendy’s to meet margin call
but if you can afford it isn't it better to keep debt so you can have more liquid cash on hand plus be able to borrow against your debt if necessary? that's a much more advantageous position if shit hits the fan. sure you don't want any underwater investments but i mean that just comes down to making sure you can afford what you buy/borrow
[deleted]
[deleted]
Sick
[removed]
[deleted]
I made a dollar I bet you didnt
The ingredients they are looking at are in both.
But, why? What is the company doing besides collecting money? I don't have a dog in this fight, and I hope you guys continue to make obscene money on it, but I just really don't understand the worth.
I used to think that way but dont fight the Fed.

I buy $GOLD rather than puts.  Eventually there will be high inflation or massive USD  depreciation.
Guh
Z come back we need you
soon to be 26
The whole pardon system seems a bit fucked up looking in from the outside, seems like something something the more regime like governments would do.
Please does someone have the template for this
DASH Q3 revenue 879M Gross profit 497M
SHOP Q3 revenue 767M Gross profit 405M 
SHOP market cap 150B  DASH 50B

To think ppl will not use on-demand delivery service after COVID is like saying ppl will stop buying shit online. 

DASH is one of the most hated company on WSB and short interest has been 30% each day since IPO. Inverse WSB and wait for the inevitable squeeze. Fundamentals are solid and they obviously know what they’re doing to dominate 50%+ market share in a highly competitive industry.

DASH 200c
I love that crapto trades 24/7

Can watch the tendies flow in in real time
haha, so relevant!  Was in the middle of playing a game with my friend the other day and he had to stop and charge his MAC mouse.  He starting bitching about the design " who the fuck puts a charger port on the bottom of a mouse "  "such a shitty design for a company that prouds itself on design" "why dont they warn me when it gets to 25%"...  hehe  meanwhile my PC mouse has a port in the front so you can use it while charging.
Good point. I reinstalled in my mid 2015 mbp  cuz had the itch to play and it was unplayable- 1 FPS in big team fights with all settings to lowest
I have already money in this stock, but will increase it a lot.
I fthought DogeCoin was a joke.
Of meth? Definitely
Dicked Donut
Short ratio is days that it would take to go to market and fill a short position
[removed]
That Bitch.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Good morning to everyone except that bitch carole baskins
NANANANANANANA BANMAN
Are you selling far OTM iron condors like it’s frisbee golf too?
This is definitely boomer shares. Go to r/investing nerd
im on grwg and iipr
Shower beer
Not really, the moment it's a pardon it's bad and everyone loses their shit but not when it's "acceptable collateral damage" from a drone strike.

Holding any negative or positive feelings about it is just a waste of time... it won't change anything.

Advocate for peace is all I can do.
Caught a case as well
It gets harder if you have more money
150k of qell
[deleted]
thats still losing 50K lol
Just saw inception for I think the second or 3rd time the other day. I’ll check interstellar again too
BAN
Fucking Donut defenders who could never join the military and just idolize them lmao
[removed]
Have 10k in shares and 8k in leaps so hope you are right
[deleted]
[deleted]
Orange man could cure covid, resurrect the dead and end world hunger and they would still be frothing at the mouth
I want to stonk!
Arkf
no u
Yeah sneaky shit man 

Reminds me as long as I’m rich I can do anything
Lol, never satisfied is the Gains Cat!
Mods! Oh wait... we don’t have those anymore. Continue
Your name implies there are 81 other broke brokers.

Where are they
I'm just a regular dude from Ireland with about 6k money to my name, who the hell would actually pay me??? Haha. I talk about GME abit because i believe it's a great short term stock at the minimum for multiple reasons :) if it doesn't work out fuck it. I don't see plunging either.
Trash
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=rASpieLvH7c
WSB has done to my portfolio what porn has done to my dick. 

Only the most degenerate and retarded scenarios and positions excite me.
Just 5 times ? Man those are rookie numbers kid 

You still a noob
BABA calls.
Ive said it before, im going to fucking gobble my dads asshole if it hits 30 by jan or feb

Position: April 27 C
lol uhhh because of EVERYTHING that came before this and the fact it will never pass the GOP senate? You even know how government work bud?
Super bullish... steel prices going higher!
Weird way to spell Gamestop but  🚀 🚀 🚀
That poor cat 😬
[removed]
Or refused to go to Grindr to find a lady ... Boi
Anyone else start their morning with a shot? Fuck that coffee shit
Started investing slowly and steadily using RH in 2015. Bought my first call in February before all this shit happened. Bought a bunch of puts in March and made a good sum of money. Pulled most of my money out of RH and switched to TOS after RH had those few days they went dow.  Slowly pissed through that money over the rest of the year on steadily shorter DTE SPY, QQQ & IWM options. Recently started buying more stocks and longer dated options. I’d say I’m close to even on the year, no way I’m actually checking my P&L on my 2 accounts before tax time.
people who dream of working for a military security contractor so they can do the same
Not as bad as having Belize-tier elections
[deleted]
Nationwide but in small clusters
Gave up on options and went in big on shares
No problem fellow retard
Yeah I meant as individual stocks.
[removed]
Oh shit it does- whoops.
!emojify
autopilot to kfc is the only fully supported autonomous mode
[deleted]
[deleted]
Have you studied him? Steve was even more special than Elon imo. Best silicon valley guy of all time.
"I love Jesus"
I do think the market is being propped up by heavy use of margin now. Even JPM recommends using leverage atm. 

I think it is up to trader’s or investor’s confidence.
Maybe I'll make a bad youtube channel just to diversify my no value added revenue streams
Just found out Norway's national oil money ETF has enough money in it for about 200k for each inhabitant if it was evenly split on our population, calls on my country.  Somehow it has about 6 billion invested in BABA and only 300 million in tesla though so the people managing it might be posters here.
!emojify
I’m reading the new Market Wizards book and I’m legit bored by some of these 🇬🇧🚬s earning “only” 50% compounded annually for 20 years. WSB has ruined me. 

Though there are some dudes in there who are hard core researched YOLO traders making 300% annually (but even that bores me)
Congrats and fuck you.  You want to come over and fuck my wife?
How you manage that, talk to people after. When they with their family?
...you ever see Michael Burry? 

Like that, but with the retardation of shorting Tesla and the genius of longing GameStop but it's blind luck
And I called y’all tards atleast twice. Again. No satire
Who is downvoting you? Retards?
[deleted]
Neville Goddard said that life is basically just a dream and when you die you wake up as a younger self in another dream just like this world but a bit different.

I had a few very vivid dreams of dying but this theory just makes sense. When you have a dejavu you know for sure that life is just a dream because you been here before. 

It’s crazy but this is 100% the truth. You cannot die you are god. We all are god manifested in human form.
100k arkk shares 50k arkk leaps
fuck that, as long as no shutdown I see tsla going to the moon this week
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/YouNamedMeeDog the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
If you get a job in your freshman or sophomore year it's not that much. I bought so much pizza and milk at the plaza
If by “never” you mean 18 months, you’re right.
well the fraud was what they did for themselves. in terms of the hydrogen car industry they didn't add or take away anything, basically made it trend
Sir this is a Casino I have no idea either
[deleted]
[deleted]
Naw fuck the car
I mean, eventually
[removed]
$ZM is already dumping
Looks like someone placed a big market order the other day for AGNC.  Probably hedged but could be done random bot hoping for the next 🚀🚀🚀
Who let you out of your cage?
Yup, 1/29/21 77.5 calls. What do you know that we don’t?
If this were true on a broad scale, we wouldn’t need these “studies” to tell us so. 

Folks here admire and follow Cathie Wood because she performed outstandingly. She performed outstandingly because she’s a talented trader and a capable money manager with a vision—not because she has a vag between her legs.
DASH puts May 2021
A couple millionaires threw money at it and retards took that as a sign it’s impossible to fail.

They think there will be a short squeeze but due to liquididy that’s not a possibility. It’s not short squeezing right now retards are pumping it. 

They also think the console cycle will bring GME back to life, a cyclical event that’s only good for a short term bump in cash will turn around their failing business

E-commerce would just be a joke trying to fight Amazon, Best Buy, and steam
Biiiiiiiiiiitttttcoin
call yourself a financial statistician or some shit lol
[deleted]
NIO gang how we feeling?
There is 23 billion in the budget for solar and renewable energy and a 2 year extension on tax credits.  They were only expecting a 1 year extension.
That's how my dad did it during the dot com bust. Minus the internet research of course, he bought bullshit penny stock through an in person broker.

I might be a multi-generational retard....
Baba ruined Christmas. Should of sold weeks ago but instead I blew up my account for the 5th time. Thank you Ma
Your wife loves my complex package
@fbi ban him
Cathie said CRISPR INVITAE and EDITAS are the only companies with certain protein patents that are essential for this space
pepper in some fraud too, I like to live a little.
anyone else mad as hell about the blackwater pardon?? horrible horrible look for the US
you still have a lot to learn pal, because you can absolutely trade options in europe
That would be amazing 😃
I have trd on my 4runner.
[deleted]
Don’t lie retard, you already have your helmet from the short bus days
do they laugh even more if I don't know what you just said?
yeah, but get rich and become unemployed at the same time.
Actually  found the price, adjusted for all events. During dotcom bubble it was 120 max. And then in 2k2 it was 17, and trending down. From dec 2010 it was always below 2.5. Fundamentals improved alot, though. So none of that matters today. I'm pretty bullish
Gme is the only short term play in that list
[removed]
I call it the autism spectrum
Im pretty sure he did it several times each time more ridiculous to try and make it back each time lol.  

Someone leveraged all the way up to 1 million and lost it all i believe.
[removed]
Mara will hit 15 by eod on Monday.
If you go on GlassDoor for palantir a massive complaint ex workers have is that they werent paid enough due to being paid majority in stock compensation which were illiquid and not worth much before the DPO. My pet theory is that Karp is pumping it up so his employees can be millionaires and love working for him.
Imagine investing in a company probably with 90% female Becky staff which is unprofitable and they just dump stock on you to pay their ig models.

This is peak corporate simping
I've always knew I was destined for something great
true degen
Bro where? I need this
This is just in RH. I had to withdraw cash for taxes etc.
I have the same question. To me this fund is now more about disruptive technology
https://www.themiddlemarket.com/latest-news/blackstone-invests-400-million-in-fireeye
You can’t buy options if you’re European bud, same way you can’t use CFD’s if you’re American
[deleted]
Thinking about doing calls on XL, ARKG or GME which one to go balls deep in?
Send the gene pool in to a downhill slide?
Don’t snort fresh cocaine retard, you need to let the gasoline gas off
That's not the problematic part. The problem is in assuming the shares fall to 0 and they shut up shop.

https://www.reddit.com/r/investing/comments/kk4lei/vies_and_baba_et_al

Read this for a bit of clarification on how ADR can be exchanged for HK equivalents. It's supported by SEC filings and rules as well.

Edit: there's not a single chinese company buyable the traditional way. China wants its assets to remain its assets and under its control. This is not news. But to somehow have it be associated with just baba is where the fear is stemming from.
Huge consolidation. I'm with you
Ok, sounds good but gov't shutdown?
Also look at E.NG. lower entry and should have similar growth due to EV.
[deleted]
When you withdraw cash it decreases balance but not return. Had to pay taxes etc.
Some of us have sexy sisters, ok?
I used to buy off McDs dollar menu with the change in my dads cupholder at 18
Good morning my kings and queens above 18
TSLAQ was definitely not buying NKLA
So, TSLA is essentially just a big group bank account at this point, right?
Yeah, shit is tricky when dealing with humans. That's only in America though. The Chinese will get rid of tons of disorders in their population by the time we come around. The bacteria/fungal genetics nobody gives a fuck what you do with them. Bacteria is the big one that seems easy, but I can see a day in the future where we use fungus as scaling biological neural networks. Once we create the bio-computer interfaces like Neuralink is working on, the sky is the limit.
That says a lot about freedom of speech and the true patriarchal power running the world that feminists constantly complain
He always swallow
PPPPSHHHHHHH. huh, not  on my worst day pal.
Don't listen to these fucking puss bois. Just use the most margin you can and make a trade that will end up +110% and it's literally free money. Loans are the creation of wealth
Is this code for something, if not yes I am holding micron
The interest is so miniscule
sure but the interest fees are low enough to make it worth it. did you not take basic finance? do you not have a credit score?
Stairs up, elevator down
Strike?

I bought fucking shares of ICLN in September and hate myself
Why do you think that guy knows the answer lmao
What the fuck happened to them in august 2018?
I dumped the eagle too early.
2 bil valuation on that
I've been selling pton 170/175 call spreads. Made money this week and I'm sold through most of January. It's gotta chill out out.
Why not webull?
Nice!!
I swear I only saw the miniseries with Gary Sinise and Molly Ringwald.
[deleted]
The dip at end is not real. It was just the options chain being messed up.
I am not trying to suck your dick by posting again so plz dont award this.  I just wanted to say that your LESSSS GO video somehow rabbit holed into me browing through your videos for the past 6 1/2 hours.  So much well articulated research and advice, the tools/strategy videos have me changing my entire approach and it was truly badass to see your genuine emotion to the year you've had.  enjoy your detachment vacation, can't wait to see what you come up with next year.  cheers mate

GME to the moon  **🚀🚀**
Never go full retard
This GME run reminds me of the glory days of SHLD’s run way up and all the hype of changing the brick and mortar to e-commerce etc.   that being said ride it while it lasts!
Apparently it caught an Uber to the moon around 8:30  this morning what the fuck
Guh
That’s some Alabama shit
I’m 2 hours outside of Nashville with AT&T and still don’t have service.
[deleted]
you think bear market is going to rear it's fuzzy tail?
Would ya look at that
Nice, I'm at about 20% potentially adding, similar horizon.  if there's a strong dip i'll back it up with summertime calls
This guy reads books. Ban him.
Stocks. Read up on options before you do them. Then still buy stocks.
She has been buying daily the dips and holding onto her shares of OPEN for two of her ark funds
So, nothing?
Riding with you.
[removed]
Stonks only and few leaps on disney and JPMC
[removed]
[deleted]
increase awareness for the industry and literally nothing else?
I’m smart and you’re not! Buy my book!
if i came for 5 months straight? Like no breaks?
[deleted]
It’s probably bullish in this 🤡 world
I want to get to a point where I can live comfortably selling premiums on blue chips and part of my anxiety is justifying it as a job lol.

"I'm a small business owner, I deal with complex financial packages"
Oof good job! When MARA was at $2 I bought a bunch of March 5C for 100 bucks each. Sold them all to do PLTR and GME. Now they're worth about $800 each, but I got similar returns from the other plays. Hope it works out for you!!
Yeah, any idiot could do that without RH.
Thank you, will spend my moons wisely
Which app is this?
I recently graduated college with a math degree at almost 30 years old. I always worked while getting my degree which made getting a high GPA difficult.

I come from absolutely no money or connections, and I currently have almost no money to my name. I found this place as a maybe help to pay off just some debts (not school, never thought it would get that far). I've lost the comparatively little I had that I put in. I apply to jobs every day, that's all I can hope for. Until then it's about 13.5/hr for me.
You said green new deal twice with no emojis and no hint of satire
It’s not a big deal, making you think you’re missing out on something big is how scum get retards to buy their trades
[deleted]
He is homeless.
[deleted]
TLDR always inverse yourself
Anyone holding 👁 MU❌?
Would it be better to sell to close your leap and buy to close your CCs?
thank you thank you. i did find it kinda hilarious how full retard i went there
weekend dow in shambles

>SELL 30193.0 BUY 30213.0

>1.7pts (0.01%)

>High: 30218.7 Low: 30191.3

>60% of client accounts are short on this market 

bul is fuk
PLTR it is thanks homie
Nvdas been flat for so long thinking about going all in
Whatever money you deposit, you get to trade with 200x that.
You celebrate Christmas on the 26th? God you’re retarded. Welcome home
Ahh, it's almost like a pandemic is priced in at this point
[removed]
Been in since aug. 19c 1/15/21 up 865%. Planning on buying more for august
>only money for small businesses and liability protection for companies: crickets

That money is not going to small business.
😋
Lmao the level of cringe shit coming from these pump and dumps keeps getting worse
The tax is gonna suck a lot of ass
BFT is a very good play but has no options..
Good job retard
Lmao they’re crack heads not prostitutes. Idk where you’re selling craxk at OP but carry a gun. That’s normally enough to keep you from getting robbed or stabbed from your every day to day crack head. In my experience.
Alle
Please FB 270 Monday
[deleted]
HVM gang checking in
Vito. Why not CLF?
Your the best big brother she could ever ask for
posted a dd for arkg from my daily comment before, now I'm married to my position and want to start a genetics company that does for genetics what nikola did for hydrogen cars.
Look at one year or two year call LEAPS. They are still very very cheap. If a buyout does happen in the next two years you should 3-5x your money on those long leaps. Stock was almost $90 earlier this year, I think next quarter should be good for them with over $1B in remdesivir sales and rising with hospitalizations increasing. The only issue is they have A LOT of debt. 

This is a very compelling article that makes the case for a GILD buyout https://www.griproom.com/fun/gilead-is-the-next-celgene-similarities-between-the-celgene-buyout-and-gilead

I’ve been bag holding awhile on Jan 2022 $80C. Look at the Jan 2021 OI for calls. It is MASSIVE, someone knows something. I plan to add for Jan 2022 $70c this week after selling stabilizes.
I'll remove my downvote. Merry Christmas fellow retard
[deleted]
After watching I’ll pass on peloton ✌🏻
[removed]
Looks like I’m just gonna blindly follow you with all in on leaps.
[removed]
2 days is so long away, more and more countries are finding mutated strains of the virus

I won't have a chance to sell my calls at this rate by Monday
This is about the same level of reckless retardation I saw the day it dropped from $19 to $16 a couple weeks ago. Y’all would be dumb as shit to buy now, you missed the boat.
Mortgage rates will never go up ever again
Long  to the dong GRWG and IIPR. Liked TCNNF a lot but apparently my brokerage knows i'm autistic and won't let me buy OTC securities, so I'm sour af I couldn't get in at $18. Oh yeah and I got out of APHA @ $5.10 but def. wouldn't mind going long again in the $6's.

Oh yess and Friday I started a planned purchase in the Weedmaps SPAC . Ticker is SSPK. Hop in boys.
Who cares about zjz this place has always been a piece of shit. Its alot better than the winker days
Degiro is pretty good too.
**I am a bot and identified and tracked the following options picks within this post:**

|**Ticker**|**Strike**|**Type**|**Exp**|**Recorded Premium**|**Recorded Stock Price**|**OI**|**Volume**|
|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|
|**ICLN**|**$30**|**BUY CALL**|**2021-07-16**|**$3.33**|**$27.71**|**9136**|**65**

[Realtime ROI](https://www.pickmojo.com/pick/ckj5vqxv3f8oa07857qu8qls5) | [Track Record](https://www.pickmojo.com/user/Cardiff07/) | [Bot Info](https://www.reddit.com/r/pickmojo/comments/he9ghu/options_picks_tracking_bot_information/) | Leaderboard: [Week](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-week-reddit), [Month](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-month-reddit), [All](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/top-reddit) | [Exit this position](https://www.pickmojo.com/reddit_redirect)

**^(*Recorded after market close, will be recorded at the next market open if the premium is within 10% margin. My owner is monitoring these posts, reply with feedback! You can now track comments by mentioning me!)**
Rally after xmas retard
pleas fly zjz

Im tired of these spammers pushing their dumb stocks

anyways

**GME GME ICLN ICLN BB BB TLRY TLRY APHA APHA CRON CRON** **^(+babycap weed)**
Chromosome overload
[removed]
So basically you swapped spit with your sister.
Why
$3k in March —> $70k now mainly short term
Option contracts in $GRWG $TSLA $NIO $PTON winners keep winning losers lose....trade familiar names and keep a focused watch list #boomershit
They won't do shit if you hurt them every time they show disobedience. You can take that to the bank.
Being a mod would be cool. I don't really know how to program though, so the best my bots could probably do is reply "hello world" to comments.
*your house
Sincerely appreciated.
He doesn't understand what a 'bagger' is nor does he understand what plays are, so he's just here to brag about his gains. He's karma farming with misleading title.
dude has 1000$ and your telling him to sell calls on pltr which requires having 100 of the stock worth around 30k. great idea
Idk, keep in mind, back in 2015 they had like 2mil shares outstanding (couldn't find data at year 2001). Now there's 240mil. They printed shitload of securities. So effective price (with 2015y shares) is 2700 rn, so it went up 66x since then. Other than that, company seems  very promising
I remember when this sub used to shut down whenever a post hit the popular page. Now we’re celebrating how popular it is? This place has really gone to shit this year.
Im special!!!!!!!! ✍️🆙
Happy Honda days
Check what he gave me
yeah it's honestly cheap as fuck so why not. take a big loss and just sit out for a little while you'll be fine
It doesn't even have to squeeze. Their financials are improving and institutions are gaining more confidence in them.
totally did.. need more coffee
First year’s free..
i knew letting her spit in my mouth was going to be a bad idea smh
i think they'll need to change their name/complete rebrand.
That guy is the boomer version of the frauds that sell investing courses. His money comes from his bullshit books, not from his non-existent RE investments.
Well duh. I dont have the cash to excercise since its all tied up in other contracts right now
People who put Hellcat badges on your v6 do you know everyone’s laughing at you?
We fucked lol
Omg, upvote this man. Colloquialize this!
Morning everyone 
Nothing better than to start your mornings with some fresh coffee and some fresh cocain

🌞🌻🥞🥐
So between the “90 bagger” and the “all in one play” you’re entire post is bullshit
Buy shares and chill
lets just say shit hit a little different when ur using margin
The parlance you are looking for is “racks”.
[removed]
Full retard
Oh interesting. Thx. I didnt know
I mean, if the retards here had billions of dollars handed to them and never had to stress and worry about FD calls or normal business risks or paying back a bad loan, I’m sure there’s a lot they could do, too. 

And the doubling of wealth may well have come from the value of the millions of WMT shares she inherited in 1992 (when Sam Walton died) appreciating from about $13 to north of $100.

It’s always easier to make money when you already have money.
[removed]
27 with 3.5k usd, wasting 5 years of employment for a PhD might have actually made me stupider
Thank god BB made your jerk off list I need good news on that
[deleted]
That’s why I don’t make out with my sisters
Is she hot? And older than 18?
🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Ha
I mean... Buying puts as if stonks don't only go up
Love reading these stories!  


Started WSB sometime in April. One of my first plays was a TSLA put. That day was the infamous Elon "stock is too high imo" day. Made $700 in two minutes and I was hooked. Proceeded to lose every time after that. Now, I solely do covered calls in AAPL, some EVs, PLTR, JMIA, BAC and ARKK. I don't make the wild money like some of you, but it's steady and I never lose...

except my job in November. Alimony, unemployment and WSB make it so I don't have to dip into savings to pay rent and eat. 

I love you guys and Merry Christmas!

Love,

Mom
merry christmas
My PLTR 12/4 $30c the day of 12/2
You're missing my point - as share price rises, the shares will begin to exist as every shareholder's target sell price is reached.  100% of long holders have a price at which they're willing to sell, and I'm willing to bet that the weighted average number is much lower than 100.  Your comment is basically assuming that there is one guy who holds all the shares that is telling shorts that the shares aren't for sale at any price below x.

When VW squoze, Porsche held over 42% of outstanding VW shares and controlled another 30%+ in options.  They, alone, had a much higher influence on the price at which shorts could close.  With GME, we have a clusterfuck of potential sellers (many of whom are retarded) who are willing to take a huge range of prices for their shares.  As those targets are taken out, it acts like a pressure release valve on the squeeze.
[deleted]
You have the option to exercise anytime 

Is that not common knowledge

I mean its in the fucking name
Literally anything that generates any moderate amount of heat could be a bomb if pressurized
Bill is on its way to Trump, but based on his tweet this morning he actually might veto this thing: 

https://mobile.twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/1342835233306124288
I'm hoping for a $13 open. Then maybe try and test the high over the course of the week.
[deleted]
You think derivatives are an american thing? Lmfao
Absolutely not. I'd think a lot of people invest using margin, which is definitely safer than simply day trading with margin, but regardless, not comfortable at all.

That's the beauty of buying options - you get the leverage but you can't lose more than what you invested.
Fun, right?!
Wow multiple income streams now. You're diversified. nice job.
Sister gave me covid nice
yo what weed stocks you smoking then
[removed]
Out of frustration for the ticker not moving I sold at $2.60 only to watch it shoot to $9 at open a few weeks later. Nice trade
8-10 billion dollar company
[deleted]
Crack heads r the worst clientele, puts on ur life 👎🏼
I think he read MRNA lol
Maybe, but with that comes a lot of risk IMO
Yea if you don’t have a job
No, it means 9000% gain.
He has massive tools
With no Steve Jobs apple car will fail.
shitpost, get drunk, work out, watch tv, play vidya
Heisenburg
Initially made a risky investment that turned out to be a bad decision (TLLTF pump and dump lost 7 grand ) and I didn’t know enough at the time. It’s always stuck with me in my subconscious,  and I’ve since recouped a good chunk of those losses and won’t stop till I make it all back and hopefully way more. 🚀
[deleted]
I fucked around for the first time a while ago and put in 1000 at 7500 just for shits and giggles. I sold it same day because I didn’t like how it made the charts look....

Bought back in on that little minor dip to 17k a couple weeks ago
Puzzy
2.5 years out and I can say it was absolutely worth it.
I do. I'm using all the margin RH allows.
right because $0 revenue stocks don't moon...cough \*QS\* cough \*QS\*

Edit: I'm buying $10k shares on Monday
I always wanted to, but to scared
All you f@@@ just downvoting not responding to anything show yourself
trading anything honestly seems like the least interesting thing to do for a living from a second or third party. like you're automatically less interesting than a person who works in the actual industry you're trading
You’ll be holding through the lockout, basically burning your money in a dumpster, all the scumbags telling you to buy deserve to get lice
[deleted]
Thanks and Merry Christmas to you too ❤️
I dont use loan shark money
Never
rawr
You can’t just be uninformed or misinformed to automatically believe that hydrogen power is not only the future, but that NKLA apparently has it despite having shown no competence in the subject area and no working proof of concept. 

You have to be a complete and utter retard
Thanks and Merry Christmas to you too ❤️
I have a baby face but I did waste a bit of time attending one of the best colleges in America.
Cool, but not what it means
thats what i do best
 But once a month, they...
Username kinda checks out
Does staring at your trading screen 18 hours a days in a never ending cycle of panic and desperation and fomo and despair count as "full time"?
[deleted]
[deleted]
Since 1976 stocks have gone up because of the printer, not population. Don't kid yourself.
consider ICLN
Dopewars 2.0
What if we're borderline M-O-O-N guy from The Stand?
Fat no
1:200 margin baby!
Get prk not lasik
[removed]
I mean yeah, if you're offering.
Try Interactive Brokers.
Not a chance
Aka I didn’t diversify. I went all in with margin fully loaded on every play I made
Ty for providing the confirmation bias 🙏🏻
GME 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
i mean Nissan and Hyundai are recalling their EV SUVs Kona and Leaf for catching fire idk what you talk about
How much do you think it’ll run based off Cartcoins movement rn and if it holds?
lol osmosis via forehead
[deleted]
More like an execution.
He got everyone Uber. Who would've think DFV was our boy RK.
[deleted]
TY I was under the impression this was a way to sell covered calls without having a huge account but it sounds like that’s just somewhat discounted
Borrowed $100, made $60 profit, gave back $100.

Used $60 to buy a quarter ounce of weed, flipped that and did that multiple times until I could afford to buy some cocaine, flipped the cocaine until I had enough to buy an ounce to turn into crack.

Now I have 6 loyal crack customers who will give me their $600 stimmies.

$3600 pure profit from that $100.
Then why does the title say “all in on one play”...
90 bagger aka 90k gain
Shares
[removed]
WEEKEND DOW IS GREEN!!
Def. fuqing first date.
[removed]
"I'm an electric car. I can't go very fast or very far; and it you drive me people will think you're gay." -Tesla S3
This is WSB. This is not for shares. Go to r/investing
Sounds like a pimp my ride episode
Bears need to grow some balls and make trading great again.
The bois over on the nkla sub a depressed. Go spread some holiday love
Workout , hike/walk, smoke weed,  and watch youtube videos mainly.
Stonks only go up! 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
The bubble hasn't even begun to form
Just watched the video. Buying more GME!!!
8====**GME**====**ICLN**====**BB**=====**TLRY**=====🚀💦💦💦
Invest in a non for profit?
Looks like June 2022?
What did everyone eat on Christmas night? Personally I ate a frozen thin crust pizza with broccolis.
Are there any bids? You can just sell it at the bid price and offload it if there are any bids and take the loss. If it rallys, the bid price will go up probably, and you can maybe offload it at a smaller loss or even a gain. If theres no bids, you're in trouble.
Looks like they're possibly going to merge with Tokopedia, the Indonesian Amazon(?).  Cant quite figure out how big they are.
I put in 100 bucks for shits a few days ago and it’s already up 9% I’m fucking pissed
Is NKLA a stonk? I mean, the badger was a “truck”, their semi had a “motor” ... at this point, I’m questioning if their stonk even has “shares” 😅
[deleted]
[removed]
You can bro if you works like a slave and live like your homeless I’ve managed 50k at 20 no inheritance and my highest paying job was 14$ an hour over one summer
It has passed my trading portfolio in value yet I have no emotional connection to its price swings. It's really weird.
I buy contracts on small companies with 0 vol all the time, it will sell if you list it. The spread will be wide, just offer it somewhere between the mid and the ask and you should get a good price for it over a day or two
I bought 100 shares in July and its been good to me!  Thinking of increasing my position on Monday.
So THAT’S how you read. Fucking finally someone showed me
[Pink might suit you](https://www.rehabmart.com/product/soft-shell-helmets-17277.html)
GME IS THE WAY 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
what do you guys do on the weekends when numbers aren't going up
Mcdonalds is hiring.
I support it
Imagine telling a date you trade soybeans for a living
He’s only got $27.98 not tied up though!
Shorts are getting SQUEEZED and I’m gonna fuck their wifes boyfriend
Ed Bassmaster is tooo mch dude . Shit is hilarious
No shot AMZNs growth is priced in. P/E of 92 and they are taking over the world.
Will do
Blackstone or Blackrock? Stone I believe is for real estate.

Also, this is how indexing works
I am not a guy to begin. You don't have to argue. It's a holiday. Just downvote and keep scrolling. Everyone is free to their opinion. I can say poop is disgusting and there could be 1 million people ready to argue the benefits of eating poop. Don't waste your energy.
[removed]
How accurate are the 17-year-old YouTubers telling me they fully expect every stock I'm interested in to go up 1400% in 2021?
I'm fine. I was just having bad days 🤣
Dam I had that much money when I was 19 without the market. I thought bonds was a good idea god was I special needs
Try listing it and an MM will pick it up. Or, you could always exercise it...
$BFT
I think she doubled her wealth multiple times since then though so while she did inherit a lot she also made a lot bu herself
Lol my hometown still has dvd rental stores
[removed]
OP also needs a ride to the store if you could help
I totally get that for something like fitness.
Yeah and PLUG was 1.5k
Dont post it here then because it will die. Keep your winners to yourself fam
What kind of dartboard do you use to pick your trades? If you could send the Amazon link I would like to try it as well.
I increased that from 5500 to 8800 shares
I wake up once a week and place tickers on a dart board. Blindfold myself, turn around 3 times and then throw the darts.  This month was UNFI.
Indeed
no moon, just the "tip" of space. AMC will either recover or hopefully get bought out by Cinemax. either way, a little bit of my GTBIF, GME and PTON money will sit on a  15 $4 call jun 2021. not an unrealistic gamble... right?
That didnt last long... 😭 Yep I averaged down a bit now I own 8800 shares. Who knows 🤣
GME position for Monday morning trade?
Nope.  APLS
r/ATBGE
How long do SEC investigations go on? Dude is a criminal but my gut says nothing happens to him
[deleted]
I've never seen the government fuck up so bad before on a consistent long term basis. 

Now that they proved they can do it I don't see it every really stopping
FOUND THE 🌈🐻
literally GME  🚀  🚀  🚀
Or the mortar would be facing down
Hopefully to a new sub where a dogshit comment like this is an automatic ban.
So I have essentially one year to time the top?? pppshhhhhhh too easy. Buy calls buy calls buy calls.
[removed]
I feel attacked.  Also, AAPL can do whatever AAPL wants. (I still have calls)
Please
Soooo....how about those LEAPS?

Edit: Just checked premium, never fkin mind
Stop going all in noobs
Imagine missing the upcoming GME 🚀💦
Get em
I’m buying more I already sent the transfer over - I’m strictly buying shares now to squeeze the 🌈🐻 cucks
[removed]
Everyone in this sub sleeping on MGNI
Winner
[deleted]
Fuck the car bro. This your money tree let it grow
fuck i need to get out more..
Damn so youre forced to diamond hand it and pray the share price either stays flat or go up
a lot of subreddits meant to be informative are heavily moderated and will ban questions if they've already been asked or are too vague or something like that.

/r/Fitness is a huge subreddit and the front page is constantly filled with several day old posts for this reason
I guess that depends on your definition of it
Guh
[removed]
you sound like you're in high school
I see green so congrats but I don't understand all these weird moon runes
NKLA day was bad too
Looking for some theta decay in 200% IV riot puts lol
'1st one is free' because people often to thorough DD for their first trade, see success & get too cocky for their next trades.
You will hit. I bought the July 105c when it was last at 95 and it went ITM in record time. The inflows into ARKG last week were ridiculous, taking in 410m of the combined 1b ARK brought in on Tuesday. Cathie case for ARKG is rock solid, and people are realizing it. 

That being said, this is a long-term millionaire maker play. It's the perfect mix of tech and health and industry that there is no chance it misses given enough time. The risks are that they make something like killer bees and they escape from the lab, along with some of the insane liabilities and testing regulations for humans.  That's why the real money will be made in bacteria editing for industrial purposes. 

I'm excited about new companies that might be out there that Cathie is looking at, because there's tons of room for more genetics businesses that are tailored to specific industries. Most is geared towards health now, instead of the smart factories of the future. There's room for an Elon in this field if anybody really wants to be a billionaire and hasn't picked a career yet. My pitch would be developing a Biofactory that can produce raw materials like a taco bell soda machine.
I meant ladyboys 👍
You buy deep ITM leaps and sell shorter term OTM calls. If they get exercised you exercise your leaps
Even when they stop printing it will be a year before money stops multiplying
Just get the Kiyoshi Optical implants choom
People sayin I should look forward to making money off my Nio calls bc of nio day but I feel like I heard that same story with Tesla and we saw how that worked out
I'm guessing they excercise and sell the shares
Shirley Q Liquor-12 days of Kwanzaa. It’ll explain everything.
[deleted]
I just saw a casino app ad on this page
Check my comment history. I responded to them with "Ughh".
I thought something similar, I had no part in the baking process. No idea what happened.
[removed]
what positions? gonna sell PLTR first thing Monday morning
I'm not talking about the government giving money to corporations. I'm saying the government gathering in a room and making a list of things that can be done to "make America great."
Even if it's just beauty stuff or useless jobs. Or skilled jobs. Or projects. 

I don't feel bad for a single person struggling through the pandemic financially. I lost my job in March and immediately got a job at a grocery store. Anybody that came in and told me they lost their job (UES Manhatran), I let them know we're hiring. Moved in with a guy and he was working 2 jobs and doing gigwork so he didn't have to sell his apt. Wasn't enough but he wasn't sitting waiting for a handout.

Americans are too proud, sitting at home looking for the same salary and benefits. 

Mentally it sucks, otherwise, make moves or get lost.
[removed]
If he knew his numbers he wouldn’t be here
Thanks good luck mate!
Yea, I imagined as much. What are your thoughts on Fuelcell?
He went tits up
I got a thousand calls and thousands of shares IM A FUCKING DIAMOND HANDED BELIEVER AND I WONT SELL UNTIL EVERY 🌈🐻’S WIFES BOYFRIEND GOES BANKRUPT.
***G U H***
Because that’s what everyone says once we go on a bull run with no evidence other than what goes up must come down
https://youtu.be/qKXrVriacUM

His story explained for anyone curious
Use to love weekends, now i hate them...
Might be a tad bit
Made you dry or wet?
Can’t lose money today, gz
Nice! Hopped on small time, figured I would see red until later next year. Was hoping to buy more. Monday will be Interesting for sure! Good luck!
I’m pretty concerned Nvida and Amazon won’t make significant moves again as all there growth is priced in.
About 40% of my portfolio is GME, plan on holding for 6-12 months
This isn't real. I don't believe it.
Lol and Alice Walton got hers through inheritance from her father.
[deleted]
Powell will have a full range of tools at his disposal but is counting on Congress to provide fiscal stimulus. But will he have a full range of tools this time?
Short the shorts
Reverse split
Naw that’s why people were bag aapl calls last week because they think it’s reasonable to buy in at $132 after a huge leg up.
my position holds
I bought it a few weeks ago and am about even so you did better than me guy
How do you sell covered calls against leaps help me
[deleted]
List it MM will buy
[removed]
[removed]
industry HBO
[deleted]
It's like having a drone but instead it's in your internet lines
Nah...pretty sure that’s kwanza bro
Unemployment has run out for a lot of people
[removed]
hahah WTF
ex-dividend, duh. Xd
He's lost in his own retardation
What’s your UNFI play?
Unity on day 1
Sure did and the ‘ship is already in the bag after that performance
black people have regular christmas
Theta gang will win this week
"IV crush is priced in"
You said you have some tesla calls expiring june
Lmao I remember ecotality. It was a decade before its time. Bought at 1$, sold at 2. Then it went bankrupt. That brings back memories.
Imagine being the mod of r/lasik that bans people for asking legitimate lasik questions. It’s a fucking eye surgery sub reddit.
[removed]
but like *what* is it i still don't understand
[deleted]
Yeah your right no one on Twitter is complaining about only getting $600 and it has certainly not been top ten trending the last month and people DO NOT WANT MORE MONEY god I wish I lived in your reality
Lol. Dont even know what MARA is huh?
$BABA dipped rn, finna 📈🚀next week
Buy EXROF
Anyone here ever had a contract sooo balls deep ITM that the price of the contract was so high that it had 0 vol? What do you do in that situation?
You had me at the first emoji
No, no, no..you mis-heard...she said she wanted to make her poon tang cum bro
Is this only for ATT subscribers in Nashville? Nashvillian here out of state at the moment
I traded an assload of different positions btw, tsla (should’ve held strong I’d be rich!) Nordstrom, Dropbox, JetBlue, Boeing, Apple, spy, etc etc. biggest play was old Nordy I rode that baby from $15 to 20 for a nice $50K gain
:o
This ain't a pharma company bruh.
For sure. Fun game and cool concept. And yeah once u habe a good power tree, dude is unstoppable. Probablu the only downside. Play on a decently high difficulty
[removed]
Black Christmas
[deleted]
Danke für den tipp, schau ich mir mal an :)
Congrats man!! Love to see it
my god that speech makes me giddy after watching nikola disintegrate lol
2 more years
you should dump this and get GME; all these pharma companies have already peaked
[removed]
Positions.  3 mins to edit.
Contemplating throwing 100k on FCEL. It seems like this is due to go parabolic with the volume and all things EV related poppin off. Remember fuelcell used to be a 7k stock 20 yrs ago. Imagine if that happened again.
I read it. Super boring and nothing applies today. Buffet doesn’t sling rod
[removed]
no it wasn't
African
Holy shit I’m actually making real money of the bit 🪙 

Not bad
Why UNFI? You know they don’t make an EV or and exercise iPad, right?
When a socialist comes to power imho. Well that or  when the printer stops printing which I don't see happening. Buy any and all dips SPY<300 like a dead man moving in a grave.
To punish Jack Ma specifically
Who posted that?
[removed]
How u lock margin robinhood? Wait this isn't google fuck
Bottomless Mimosas round these parts. Expect more stories & pics throughout the day. 



Can’t think of a better crew to share with. 

#🎅🏿

>too many people hate gamestop but it might be one of those companies that exist because there is no other choice
  
Um, what? Amazon and Best buy literally do the same stuff as GameStop, if you didn't know they even accept trade ins.
Are you like making this up in your head, or what? Nobody is out in the streets protesting for $2000 checks. The president is the one who started this whole conversation. Who are you “hearing about” this from? I think there are make-believe greedy people in your head. Nobody has said this but you.
I don't remember the name but shit is intense

https://youtu.be/db5f-A-vSyw
https://imgur.com/a/iLrdGcj Tis not options trading?
What employer has a 401k that lets you do this ridiculousness?
[removed]
Depending how the price goes next week, I'm in even more for a dip. Otherwise holding my 2500 shares strong. My calls could use some more love too.
why is pinterest part of fintech?
I can't believe I saw some jolly little twink post on here saying they were going to chronical their WSB journey in a blog. Fucking die.. 

Come back zjz... We need you.
At least the daily thread is the same
C'mon!!!
what is kwanzaa
i did one deep OTM call and made 12$; i was hooked
[removed]
Another example of nothing ever actually happening
Welp, found the reason why Melvin capital is still confident in their shorts
No food or drinks allowed to be sold, theatre capacity being cut by 66%.. how exactly is this to the moon? I’ll be shocked if this is even profitable.
I’m aware haha
90 bagger means 90x. This is a 5-bagger
NASQUAK
This is so true. I didn't have the information because I too grew up poor and my parents didn't have the knowledge to pass to me. So much wasted time I could have spent investing. The disadvantage is unreal.
Bin 19 auch aus DE würde dir Tastyworks raten da kannste dann richtig autistisch handeln mit den Ami-Optionen
[removed]
I am a male. Wood is my last name and I’m not clever enough to come up with anything else.
[removed]
March 19 , 25c 🚀
Congrats on your 29,000 moons
Who looks at the front page just go to the daily thread and nothing has changed
[deleted]
If he starts a war doesn't he get to stay president
Rip my calls
LOL bigly facts
[removed]
Definitely needs some landscaping on the memes. Some are awesome but the market share is way too skewed
Anyone here trade full time? Not that I could or would actually do that just wondering
Way to go!!  Killin it!
Bull market end when
Not at all.
Zjz pleas mod again
stocks are too risky for me, options much better
Smart move the BABA one. It will surely recover after the drill
pofuckingsitions
There needs to be an IQ test that's required before joining the sub. You are only allowed in if you're Forest Gump stupid or Rain Man smart. Everyone in between gets banned.
Looks like my Jan 15 GME 30 call r now
Just like with SpaceX, it takes a couple of failed launches to reach the moon 🚀 🚀 🚀
I hear there’s a stock called Tesla. They’re gonna build electric pickup trucks and cars!

Seriously if you have any insider info I’m in
Po    ..     sitions
The trick is, how to get accredited investor status under the newly-relaxed rules and buy any of these companies while they’re still private?
You better close em
Damn, that's some low liquidity shit. Look at those options! I would not touch it. Rather play some individual stocks
[removed]
There goes my calls. Not the type of explosion I had in mind.
I knew I should have invested in Crowdstrike when they were bombarding everyone with that one commerical on CNBC nonstop. It was a sign to buy and never sell. Fuck. Could've been rich.
Straight to fds
tried it once but didn’t get into it, but i just binged StealthGamer’s videos on dishonored and holy shit it looks fun when you get good
The biggest headstart is that we know about markets and what not to do(options trading).
Wie viele Kartoffeln lurken auf r/wsb?
Lol he gave me 2 and a gold
You seem to be a young guy with endless testosterone flowing through you. I’m not gonna argue with you about the realities of life but recognize there are physical obstacles people simply cannot will themselves out of. It’s by design from the elites.
My gf brother has an engineering degree, not sure in what but he went to school in Wisconsin.
QAnonsense
[deleted]
Happy Kwanzaa
I desperately wanted cuckvesting to be real
Better at investing maybe but fuck that
can anybody help breakdown this screenshot line by line? i'd like to understand what the %ages mean
Pretty cool your wife's boyfriend let you get a photo with him.
Phone service is still fuk. Having to limit my autism to WiFi because of this Nashville shit 😠
Prolly to your mom bc I paid out hefty lil man
Pitter patter 🕺🏾🕺🏾🕺🏾
This is even more true tomorrow as MT will take a hit, but will probably recover quite fast as.
Holy Shit OPEN The fucking market up! I need to close my fucking covered calls, before i get ass blasted. Its literally killing me thinking about this constantly....I think i have ocd
GOP needs trump more than trump needs gop. At this point gop is scared of him running as independent in 24 and needs to coddle his balls as hard as possible to either have him not run or stay as a republican. Expect ball licking to continue until 2024.
It’s only legal when they do it. You know. Like our Senators Perdue & Loeffler
How are all you retards that rich ? I'm fucking 24 with 3k euros, fuck my life
[removed]
 🚀🚀 Launch
Even with the latest drop in quality due to Zjz quitting, this place STILL has infinitely better content than r/stocks or r/cuckvesting
Stimmy me baby!
[deleted]
This is crazy. Gme guy gave me platinum
Makes sense to have the band aid while the wound is still open. Once the vax is rolled out, rip it away.
Not going to be that easy. You don’t criticize Xi and get off with a slap on the wrist. This is communism remember.
I've used peloton and it's actually really good. You can get good workouts if you want (my fav robin) or you can get some good tits as well (there are many.. forgot the name of a big tit chick)
Anyone else buy calls on Alvin Kamara at the beginning of the season?
lol no
[removed]
Those cucks better not get a beneath the table bailout
Same, it feels a lot different compared to like a month ago
I’m in here aren’t I?
I know Guh disappeared of the face of Reddit after this but what do y’all think happened to him with robinhood after this? Do they send bill collectors after you for pissing away the margin?
Pretty much yolod my account into 2/19 110c 115c on Thursday. So I’m hopeful seein this.
This is the most retarded thing I've heard in a while.


If a deal were in place, he would have not replied at all.
There is nothing more incredible than the mind of a child
This is just getting ludicrous at this point lol
How many rips have you had already?
You’re European but buying options? Kindly explain....
Can I have 5 bucks for a happy meal
So are you retarded to?
Definitely want to know about your username, are you male?
Not really, you just hope for basic logic most of the time.
Trump is trying to have political enemies arrested. Not gonna happen.
[removed]
Either one sounds good
Xmas over bruh.
lmfao seems like some truth . I need to hop on an autistic play before the SEC come after this site.
[deleted]
Yea that is big charges, I need to learn a bit more before I throw money in.
[removed]
they don't have to be smart chris pine and gal gadot are pretty
what the actual fuck did I just read
i cant see this stonk grow much without gamestop doing a 180, which ryan seems to be doing

too many people hate gamestop but it might be one of those companies that exist because there is no other choice
Seriously might go in on 1 Jan 2022 AMZN at the money leap
 Chill my friend. Just showing my frustration on loosing on bad trades. Could have tripled my money.
She needs the “Anal God” flair so bad.
Going to spend all day watching EDP445
I was thinking puts on like blink charging
zjz and his bots have been gone for two days and look at this place. Holy shit.
Ok
[removed]
[deleted]
i didn't think it was necessarily bad for a superhero movie but yeah i wouldn't recommend it nor would i watch it again. decent background movie at best i guess
Except BABA.
Can I get those original gif with the music?
This sub is no good now, the front page is all memes and some guy reposting guh for upvotes, I guess I'm out.
You’re buying the right to a stock at a certain price on a certain date and then hoping it is worth more than that on that date. You can then buy the stock at the price you agreed on and it’s worth the price on that date. It’s kind of like gambling because it is pretty much gambling. A put is the opposite. It’s the right to sell at a certain price on a certain date. In essence. If you buy a call you want the price to go up. If you buy a put you want it to go down. Or just go to your local casino and put it all on black.

Edit: spelling
Me on the weekend: I can't wait until markets open so I can make more money
Me when markets are open: fuck this shit go up you bitch
[deleted]
It’s hard to turn you into a good little retarded debt slave if you’re not expected to take 20 hours of Fuck Wypipo Studies for $1,000/credit hour + tip. Can’t have our chemists only studying chemistry now can we?
BULLISH TECH BULL MARKET UNTIL 2027


STAY IN THE MARKET AND GET RICH BOYS
Catherine Wood my side ho, DM me
I have about 5k in ARK leaps split between F, G, and K

Am I going to make some monies or is Cathie going to reverse cowgirl me
WHAT 😤😤
Lets EARN money together friend!
A classic moment in WSB history. 

To think someday this trade will be in books or documentaries someday, it brings a tear to my eye.
This guy used to run something called Major League Traders with some retard named Jack Gleason(spelling..) They were consistently hitting homos... er, homers, yeah thats it homers
It’s not gain when I could have done better. Just perspective..
Hahaha lmfao almost spit up my coffee. Agnostic Amen to that.
[removed]
Buy a cool car
Congrats babe my chart is only red 😩👌😍
So WSB is a place of concrete peer-reviewed DD? Got it
Exactly!!!  Just because it’s not going parabolic right now doesn’t mean in 5 years with all the forced revenue the government is sending them in contracts isn’t gonna make this thing a $300+ per share stonk.
[deleted]
Also just saw on etoro you can buy GME CFDs with up to 5x margin
who are they merging with? looks like it hasn't moved much but i hear it get mentioned a lot. Why do yall have money in em?
So invest in nothing. I'd recommend puts on spy for you
They will need to swim upstream 🐟
PLTR does database work. It’s not a scam but it’s in a competitive space.
Anyone have any thoughts on cyber security in the upcoming year or so? How does IHAK look??
Go talk to your wife cause I was inside her
You are just flat out wrong and I had to make that known. Peanut brain.
Where can I find the video?
I agree. Trying to close out position soon and focus on one stock for calls and others for stocks
Yahoo finance
Too late to get into GME?
That’s why I leverage max $500. Because I know the limitations of my small brain and little dick.
What’s this Adam schiff arrested thing?
An ETF can go down but it's not going to go bust. Individual stocks have more movement but more risk. If they go down they may never again reach their previous high, this is extremely unlikely for an ETF, unless it's specific to a sector that is not growing.

Generally speaking.
Theres more below, I do have some Tsla calls for 700$ expiring in June, no clue how calls work though, so ill just ride it out
So curious what FOMC next month is going to look like? Stay the course or more printing expected?
Tesla?
This whole sub is one big insider trading floor
It could be complete bullshit but I have a 12 inch penis

You’re still making a claim. If you think there’s a good enough chance it could be bullshit, don’t say it in the fist place
Still holding
[deleted]
$ROPE 📈
Have you been mostly reading about it here?
Stocktwits
idk i’m gay
We’re going to hear about $2000 now then $2000/month then why not $3000 because people are greedy and unfortunately unable to see past what directly benefits them
https://twitter.com/straits_times/status/1342853013401178112?s=21

Since when does China care about this
Poor is a mindset. Many levels of wealth before rich. Born poor? Turn 14. Get a job. You don't need to be rich to not be poor. Bad plays can make you go broke but having nothing is a choice.

Low IQ, bang nails. 

Seperate to the money,  going the traditional route just seems boring to me. Be broke and travel. Work an okay job and live comfortable free of stress. Or get rich.
What app is this?
If the government is suffering to the point of collapse, then we got more to worry about than our PLTR calls.
Sounds like the WSB paradox
Alexander Hamiltons Twitter would have been hilarious
Sir, this is a casino.
Very cool story.

A similar bet I see right now would be mental health care, everybody's depressed, MMEDF looks good imo, but for now still rocking that 100% TSLA portfolio (and some NKLA puts :p)
Dunk yourself in lube since your headed straight into Saturn’s asshole
Good points. Thanks.
Where do you see in coming 5 months
Yes
[deleted]
[removed]
[deleted]
I want to start insider trading, but I can’t find any insider info 😩
Why the fuck is it always a bubble? We have so many "bubbles" still alot of people stay rich 😂🤭🚀🚀🚀
That part is up to you. You'll have to figure out the balance of how much premium you'd like to take in vs. The likelihood that you'll lose the shares.

For me personally, given this is such a volatile stock, I'd probably sell weeklies at $3 or 4 above the share price
💦💦😩💦🍆
Guh. This year has been a fucking top down disaster.
[removed]
I heard about wsb from my friends when I was trading boomer stocks like delta and United airlines.. then I heard about pltr, nio, nkla (got in at 10, sold at 65) and my portfolio shot way up, 104% ytd. 

Apparently I have yet to really learn the secrets of wsb because I haven’t lost it all... yet..
[removed]
Bold of you to assume corporations aren’t greedy and their intent is just making everyone else better off.

Just look at the first stimulus bill. Meant to keep people working, lay offs happened regardless and corporations used the money for stock buy backs. Some people may be employed now but definitely may have suffered through the worse of the pandemic and could take them a while to recover. A stimulus is definitely not a bad idea, but some people struggle to position themselves out of their own shoes to realize that.
lol wut. If so I’m really confused
[deleted]
some states still force theaters to be closed :/
I have $16 c 2/19/21 

Was this too early???
This is the best yet. Had to save this, thank you OP
Who’s buying more shares Monday??? Sending grandmas Christmas money straight to Cohen.
U/savevideo
Calls on the irony of this comment
Partnership with blackberry soon for security? Like Amazon did
Question: what if a brutal bear market starts soon and both GME and pltr stay down? Good news after good news, but no serious upwards movement. Maybe even dropping. (=bear market)

What then? The shorts win and we wont have a chance?
Hardly makes a difference. The founders are from Guangzhou and they hired a white monkey contractor. That's not a pejorative, as just as China is known for cheap consumer goods built in bulk, the western world is known for quality manufactured equipment. It is common practice in China to give various side tasks to white men simply to make the company look like it has foreign backing and/or because they know western schools aren't the crowded circus' Chinese schools often are. 

And the key point of this venture is to make the vehicle cheap and reliable enough for consumers which might not even be possible in our lifetimes.
Damn that is a cool account thanks
$35 aug 2022 and Jan 2022 $50 calls 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
[removed]
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/Hasamind the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
And if only my aunt had a set of testicles, she'd be my uncle.
Ready for Monday at 9:30 when it’s Christmas all over again. Or another day where I lose all my money. Could go either way.
[deleted]
Probably true
> get their $600 and go home

What does that even mean?
He *is* the spectrum
Originally in Oct for contracts exp in Nov. Then a week before exp, I rolled into these ones.

Probably not a whole lot.
Happy Boxing Day! 🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/nickmast1 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
U/savevideo
[deleted]
Have you seen wsb the last couple days? All the GME millionaires are still in
About to start Midnight Sky.  

WW84 was not good.  Not good at all.  Way to long, poor editing, stupid plot lines.
Merry christmas. The markets are closed today
BREAKING:

TSLA was a once in a lifetime bubble, you probably won’t get rich in 2021 if you didn’t luckily fall into playing TSLA this year.

Sorry
They’re all working, working doesn’t get you very far in America.
**I am a bot and identified and tracked the following options picks within this post:**

|**Ticker**|**Strike**|**Type**|**Exp**|**Recorded Premium**|**Recorded Stock Price**|**OI**|**Volume**|
|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|
|**ARKG**|**$105**|**BUY CALL**|**2021-07-16**|**$15.4**|**$103.1**|**377**|**81**

[Realtime ROI](https://www.pickmojo.com/pick/ckj5uod1uescx078589av1cag) | [Track Record](https://www.pickmojo.com/user/bonejohnson8/) | [Bot Info](https://www.reddit.com/r/pickmojo/comments/he9ghu/options_picks_tracking_bot_information/) | Leaderboard: [Week](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-week-reddit), [Month](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-month-reddit), [All](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/top-reddit) | [Exit this position](https://www.pickmojo.com/reddit_redirect)

**^(*Recorded after market close, will be recorded at the next market open if the premium is within 10% margin. My owner is monitoring these posts, reply with feedback! You can now track comments by mentioning me!)**
Boomer says be happy with 8% a year return and if it gets to 9% you should be fearful and move to bonds for 1%
I was definitely drawn to it by their 1€ commission thing and the design of the app, but yes, I also dislike the limited selection
Wtf am I watching, some sort of WSB mating ritual? Calls on $WOOD
🌈🐻💦💦😩
Holy shit if you knew. There was a girl, who I wasnt even dating or being in love with, just a friend of mine+minor attraction. So really nothing special. Didnt see her for over a year and didnt really think about her at all.

Then I dreamed about her. And then again. And again   and again. Almost everyday for a week. Then a couple times after that. 

It was painful. Legit mentally hurting. 

Im also down 25% on xpeng
Can you explain your username real quick?
I already spotted your issue. Battery life is way too high. Need to be consistently riding at about 3% if you expect to make any real gains.
RC is and that’s all that matters
How am I supposed to get this bread when the markets are closed :(
Who’s buying more shares Monday??? Sending grandmas Christmas money straight to Cohen.
Your post has been removed because a single link is insufficient DD. Please review the following links before resubmitting.

Please note that abusing DD flair can lead to getting banned.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

[How to conduct DD](https://www.wallstreetoasis.com/forums/on-the-job-with-simple-as-my-research-process)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Positions?
08
My dude, back in the early 2000's people were munching mad molly to this song. The hype to this song was very real.
C R y Pt O CUrrency
I’m not saying it’s bad I’m for UBI but until that happens I’m 90% sure people aren’t going to get their $600 and go home
Yea I figure I have the rest of my life to be in safe index funds. Need to try to yolo while I'm still young.
[deleted]
Gonna need a source
[deleted]
Yep the earmarks make it an absolutely retarded idea. Oh well green at open
No, you just buy gme
I got nicknamed “Tres”
UBI if Dems win the Senate
i think youre confused
Keep grinding brother. That's awesome. 

Also don't forget to take profits along the way. This shit can crash very quickly!
I don't recommend short term options on this, buy some shares but good luck either way.
CRSPR is the big daddy because it has patents on the tools that will be used to do all the rest of this, but any company in the field could one day do any one of the these things. A lot of the research is undisclosed until it's done so it's not as easy as looking at their financials is.
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/MunkyR8 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
[deleted]
POWER PLUG FOR THE WIN. Me and my homies bought in at $6 a share and we are riding it to $100 baby.
Could be. The fine portion of it. But I have been hearing that they did conduct the investigation Friday because of the crazy reaction in the market
Are the main GME people still holding?
[deleted]
Tesla retention rate is so shit so it maybe a good thing for the world and for the talent...these engineers will end up working in better work environment on EVs, sure progress will be slower than Tesla but it will eventually lead to something.
Nicely done buddy
Lol it was paradise lost over here long ago. NOT
guH
You meaned Put's?
That is definitely a Spinosaurus!
Just create jobs bro it’s easy


That said, they should make a list of useful government jobs that don’t exist today and fund them rather than giving somebody a salary for doing nothing
Lmao you're not wrong.
I know this sub is about stonks but if you’re into movies, the Instagram account Huevies is goated
I think we are less bothered by the notion and more bothered that it was posted against sub rules in a time when the mods are sucking. It’s taking advantage of a shitty situation and we hate OP personally for it. Also you’re boring and annoying.
[deleted]
I got a 30 day ban for talking about SPACs in the daily discussion thread...it's dumb. I made a lot of money (to me) while I was banned from here. Was a shame I couldn't share my strategy.
Yes, the market went up this year. As Han Solo once said, "great kid, don't get cocky" :)
For real. Not a single call from this whippersnapper
This is like a bully convincing his target's parents to send him to school with the family checkbook.
TSLA
THERE ARE NO EXTRA UNEMPLOYMENT BENEFITS RIGHT NOW OR FOR THE THE LAST SIX MONTHS

But thats cool my bro can get a free 400k while his business has expanded.  We have become a Russian Oligarchy under Trump
Only 2 days till we open back up thank god
I disagree with the stimulus checks. Weekly unemployment benefits helps. But it would be nice to create jobs. The stimulus is just a band aid. 

Instead of sending money overseas, use the lockdown to improve America. It's pretty sad because the government could've really use this time to shine. So many people vote with emotions.
Interesting, where did you hear this? Think they already got slapped with a similar fine a few weeks ago - is the thing you heard different to that ?

https://www.google.co.uk/amp/s/techcrunch.com/2020/12/13/china-literature-alibaba-fined/amp/
Wow, I had so much energy after watching this I got off the couch and let my dog out
I refers to WW84, because i only read the first line of everything
The oof of wsb
Now we're asking the real questions. Someone answer this man
What pisses me off more than their faces are the fuckers that upvoted this thread...
A nickel almost looks like a quarter. Make it hail btother!
I commented on a post from a guy asking for any advice. I suggested some books and a couple of my rules. Some idiot responded saying that he thought YOLOs are worth the risk and told me that knowledge isn’t important when trading options. 

He literally said that if someone yolos and wins then they’re in the same position of me who took time to learn the ins and outs of trading, completely failing to miss the part where winning YOLOs are much rarer than my small wins/consistent income. Peak WSB stupidity.
Personally I think they do it because of social expectation. Kinda like having a job or having kids. It's socially expected that people do these things and if you don't you're somehow weird or outside of what's normal in society.
If you read the comment I literally said “could be complete bullshit”
Yeah but if you make a milly and throw most of it into VOO or something he will love you again
The government offered bro, I never asked
CRSPR 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Need the fucking casino open 🎰
Monday yet?
Been saying this
What was your price point?

I mean not that long ago $300k was 100k shares
It’s being slept on too much. Wait till it gets some more pr🚀🚀
our people will forgive after 500 years.
[deleted]
I started without money and here I am making $170k a year and life is good. Stop being a crybaby.
Roll them both over into an IRA from E*TRADE. You can call E*TRADE and have them help you. 

If you make less than $139k open a Roth IRA and put new money there rather than a brokerage. That is all tax deferred. 

If you are converting from a traditional IRA to a Roth IRA you will need to pay taxes on that amount.
 [new price target and buy rating](https://www.google.com/amp/s/pulse2.com/alibaba-stock-price-nyse-baba-330-target-by-oppenheimer/amp/)
[removed]
100% certainty of making money
Can anyone fill me in, what's the 🍉 ticker?
The only liquid cash I need is for strippers
You're making a very strong assumption I can read my friend. Only 4 letter strands will compute
Focuses mainly on tangible assets and actual value (value investing). My problem was that I found it hard to compete against those which have big systems set up to crunch through data to find those companies. When I finally found some, there was usually a reason for it being priced at those levels. Found much better value in intelligent speculation rather than intelligent investing. They actually also mention it in the book, but don't go in depth.
Y’all ever in the phase of getting over someone then you have a dream about them and it takes you a couple steps back in the healing process?

Yeeeeeee, that’s me — & the result of bagholding my XPEV calls.
Source: trust me bro
What individual stock in arkg would you recommend?
This guy Fucks

Edit: love how he’s up 6M but only worth 5M
No you drown
2021 is the year I man up and go balls deep in options and yolo stonk plays. Tired of being a thousandaire, at least i'll die trying , the digits only stay on computer anyways LOL. My str8 Dave Ramsey dad (HS Personal finance teacher who doesn't know a thing about stocks other than a 401k) is going to be so ashamed of me lol.
So can you just like not make any calls at all? Can you use WiFi calling? That is so crazy to think you just can’t use your phone
He didn't do anything?  
Trump?  


What effing alternative universe do you live in?
Fuck yeah Deep Value! Merry Christmas
do you have an IQ of 5? i mentioned two movies
I will be messaging you in 2 days on [**2020-12-28 15:13:48 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2020-12-28%2015:13:48%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://np.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kkh2nz/satellitetosmartphone_broadband_company_ast/gh2r0ri/?context=3)

[**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fkkh2nz%2Fsatellitetosmartphone_broadband_company_ast%2Fgh2r0ri%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202020-12-28%2015%3A13%3A48%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%20kkh2nz)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|
Godspeed, role model
Will there be a Santa Claus rally ?
god bless you 🚀🚀🚀🚀
>And a whole zoo of animals predicting the stockmarket.

better that than your mom. She sucks.

Good.
Saxo requires minimum £1500 deposit which is what put me off, interactive brokers charges £45 per withdrawal but at least you get to make ££ on options
[deleted]
PLTR to the moon on Monday!
Yeah SGMO keeps referencing internal improvements and proprietary tech to the point they have referred to it as “ZFN 2.0”
[removed]
Congrats! You can do simple math. Bravo Sir. You’ve convinced me that on a sub which mostly gambles with options that there is a possibility of 100,000 users $1400 deep in stonks, doing it the old fashioned way. I’ll stand down and let you teach us all the ways of the microdick audist.
[removed]
!RemindMe 2 Days
If the government is willing to pay off part of your student loans, how retarded would you be NOT to take the offer?
Haha, was thinking retail in general, just not Amazon.
Fml for buying only 10 shares of btwn at 11 bucks, feeling is worse than being down on baba
A good book
“Lord Bogdanoff, he bought.”


DOMP EET
Didn’t think. So I guess I’ll swim?
Damn whitey amiright

You know what you should do? You should move to the jungle. You should take off all your clothes and fucking *walk barefoot* to the nearest jungle and live there. Build a life there from whatever you can find within nature. If you get hungry, go hunt/gather. If you get thirsty find a stream. Strat from scratch without 100s of years of whitey technological advances.
I can’t say for other people, but for me there’s a few factors. The first thing was the stock buybacks, which indicate they do have extra cash to even consider such a thing. Their decrease in debt and closing of stores makes their situation less dire. Combine that with the console sales gives them maybe a year to try shifting their business model, so you have time to bail if you don’t see result within that time period. The pandemic could be a blessing in diguise by showing to management that they need to take this seriously. Also, an investor like Cohen having a stake gives more confidence since he took on Amazon and came out on top. Amazon is a juggernaut that should have won easily but they didn’t.
[removed]
I have two questions for Peloton

1) When will the moving seat dildo attachment be offered?

2) When will moving seat dildo workout videos be offered?

Thank you
That show was very entertaining. Loved it.
And your married coworker went home with his dick in his hand.

You’ll be a legend in the office by Monday.
My plumber had decided that poopy water and electric vehicles are so similar he is making the switch too.
 hookers
Democrats pass a generous 3T bill: "Come on man, it's just Pelosi being cynical, that was never going to pass"

Republicans propose s a 500B bill with only money for small businesses and liability protection for companies: *crickets*

There was never even a serious 1.8T bill because the white house didn't have the power to offer it. Senate republicans said 500B, I have no idea why you think they would have really gone to 1.8T when they ended up only settling on 900B in the end.
Dunkin Donuts
It’s a zero sum game. Not everyone can be rich. Typically those who rise to the top were dealt good hands or got lucky. Skill and IQ have low correlation after a certain point.
Being retarded and making money are not mutually exclusive concepts
Cheers dude, ill give them a blast
The article is poorly written. They had to close in 2020 and missed some sales. Hopefully they do not have to close in 2021.
It’s means only use cash you fucking retard, almost every retail location still accepts cash but we’re talking about GameStop and you brought up Amazon, try using cash next time you order tampons on Prime
[removed]
Took a gamble early on with the microcap. Had a buddy who worked in the drone sector who I bounced ideas off of. There's some research I did into the sector, as I think drones will be the future. Last month I made took some GameStop gains and JOE gains and went pretty heavy into them at $2.70ish.

/u/feirudeco put JOE on my radar. If you sorted by new there would be a few posts about it here and there that never took off. Living in Florida also made travel to the panhandle easy.
What a loophole. I just witnessed someone commit fraud who then went on to lose more than $70k.
I watched Citizen Kane for the first time and Mank (the story of how it was written) a week later. I recommend the experience. The Trial Of The Chicago Seven was also great if you like courtroom movies.
everyone in this movie has an IQ of 5
[deleted]
The only dip we buying is for those buffalo chicken wings homie
Xmas twice in one week? Didn’t think it was possible.
Everyone was saying that market close on Xmas Eve. You’re hardly the first.
Crispr
OAC and DMY(D)
you were homeschooled. dont fucking lie
EZ x10
I actually took profits, so that’s a negative drip guy
I had to block that sub just so I stopped uncontrollably vomiting on my screen
Both going interstellar
[removed]
It's not officially dating if you haven't done butt stuff  

&#x200B;

[https://imgur.com/gallery/N6Y6e](https://imgur.com/gallery/N6Y6e)
If you opt in to low wage service jobs after getting some useless major in college, you get what you get

Otherwise, go make your own destiny.
y u su fanny?
Heard a few things about BABA saying Chinese officials conducted a one day investigation Friday and that the outcome was an $80,000 fine with a couple minor business model adjustments. Could be complete bullshit though. Just something to keep an eye out for over the weekend
If you got money to spend on commission and fees you can try interactive brokers or saxotrader too, they both offer options and I think CFDs too
Put a plug in it for extra security
The problem with meme stocks is that they either all go up or down at the same time, so avoiding the crash is pretty hard
No thank you

🐚 - "gaaaayyyyyy"
idk man pick one, Im not actually smart
BRUHGHH look at my most recent post
Yup. Very very short life span
ABML for Battery recycling. Huge thing for EV‘s
Yea those milkers are no joke.
Then dying. They weren’t very nimble
bubble wont burst as long as interest rates are 0%
Yoo that game was the SHIT
How long ago did you buy this JOE calls, and what do you know about unfi that I don’t
Can relate. This should a top post for this sub.
ABML may be booming hard if they pull of their lithium recycling machines.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Yes we all should atone for events happened 500 years ago. Never forgive never forget
It will hit 60-70 without a squeeze by 2022 if Cohen has taken over IMO. Valuations are ridiculous, all GameStop needs to do is show that they are moving away from B&M, then they’ll get proper valuations
[removed]
This article is dumb, GameStop is not a travel stock so the entire premise that this will grow because of the pandemic resolving/vaccine rollout is just idiotic.  
  
Not saying the ends are wrong, just that the means are.  
  
Edit: you guys are a bunch of teacups. I'm not saying you won't continue to make money buying into GME but at least don't be sheep about it and down vote every little thing that makes you feel insecure about your money. This is why 90% of the sub loses money. Can someone even try to give a logical rebute to what I said?
All in NKLA my friend. You won’t regret it.
Real moral of the story: you are retarded
But when
You should really be in the news for this dude! Like CNN or some shit
[Say something I'm GUHing up on you](https://youtu.be/rASpieLvH7c)
> Assuming you're not joking/being ironic/whatever
Ughh
Or hate letters depending on outcome 😂
Bush admin did it in 08 or whatever. Not new
$X if it goes public 📈🚀🚀
I really like the "robin hood" layout of trade republic, but at the same time it is so much more limiting in what stocks, etfs and especially options you can buy compared to its American counterpart. Had to get smartbroker just to get me some ARK etfs.
Have $250 left in ToS. Looking for a deep OTM yolo play to get my tendie count back to a 6-piece. Whats the move? Thinking BFT or whatever the next rumored SPAC is
No cause we’re not Japan
Try to suck your own dick, if it's long enough, you're dreaming
NVAX BITXH!!
TwoXChromosomes or whatever it's called
the bullshit that keeps getting posted is going to make me kill myself
Yo my cheap ass is dropping hundos like no other. Tis the depression and holiday season boys.
Did you lose it already? Cant afford one?
It’s buying shares. Not options
Thanks I’ll give it a go
go to the gym
Glad to see someone investing in Plug
Stegosaurus have a history of tripping and falling
japan is closing borders for all nationals, would the rug pull finally happen?
Oh okay. No wonder. Still, 10k gains is pretty damn good. Congrats.
Is that how you make your position purchase decisions? “Best case scenario”? Amateur.
They’re like apple but with alpacas.
Poor is a mindset.  It's true people are born into shitty circumstances. But it's a choice to stay poor.
Please understand that flipping a graph upside down does absolutely nothing. It’s the same thing. Sideways is the way.
Bought suntech, it went bankrupt. Then bought ecotality. Went bankrupt. Third times a charm, went all in on tesla. Still holding, but did covered calls. Now I’m looking at Palantir, Lemonade, and ARKGG.
they did it in 08 or 09 didn't they
this just means the burners on the 🚀 were hotter than imagined. MT------>$45 1/25
The rug is ready to be pulled and has for awhile. Hedge accordingly
What does cathie have to do with this ?
Actually they accepted blacks, just not slaves or non landowners, that goes the same for white people too you race baiting cunt, and women voting was a mistake.
What do you mean by “only use cash”? AFAIK Walmart and others still accept the green paper.
New letterkenny season is out
Things are currently priced 10-20 years into the future.  People expect the companies to grow into current valuations.  You make bank by getting in before everyone else.  Buying when overvalued means you don’t have a chance to profit if/when everyone finds a better place for their money.  Until that happens, your portfolio will continue to show you green.
that new charlie kaufman movie is best of the year imo if you're into his stuff
❤️ GME 🚀💦
Well, the EHANG 216 is in fact built in Austria at FACC for EHANG.

And they are already allowed by the air control to make Testflights in Austria.  
Not just a chinese thing, but still could fail badly.  


[https://wirtschaftszeit.at/unternehmen-detail/article/facc-startet-testfluege-mit-autonomem-flugtaxi-ehang-216](https://wirtschaftszeit.at/unternehmen-detail/article/facc-startet-testfluege-mit-autonomem-flugtaxi-ehang-216)
25k.  And that's all the more reason to put in every penny I can spare into the market.
My husband wrote me a check for Christmas, memo line: YOLO. He knows my degenerate behaviors too well.
ARKK Gang, wya?
This
Drinking everyday, gets old
[removed]
Excuse my retardation but why are people doing 22C on jan 15 and not 25 or 30??
Den Merkel geht
This year I was down $13,000.00 as I was introduced into options. On Tuesday, I yolo’d $5,000.00 12/24 calls at the bottom of the dip on MRNA when it bounce from $117 to $126. I was up $17,000.00 and sold. Moved 13k to my bank account 

I then yolo’d $2,000 puts into CHWY, next day, lost it all. 

I now yolo’d the remaining $2,000 into 12/31 GME calls.  Need that 10% squeeze.

Moral of the story? This shit is addicting and retarded.
[deleted]
🤫
Posted.
Special kind of stupid in that Sub. Lazy fucks. Go make money, this is america
Dude, just cook those Wendy’s nuggets already
drink alcohol
RMG
americans
Based on the metrics of other companies such as SPCE the first PT is $135. Has massive institutional investors and 750 patents.
Yes, that’s a fair point. I’m still trying to figure out how this is different from Blockbuster.
$ARKK 01/20/23 $140/$145 Debit Spreads. $ARKK literally only goes up over that period of time.
The best defense is a good offense
[deleted]
Melon emoji intensifies
**Reno:**

So I get sent to Reno for a project along with another teammate and the clients recommended hotel is a resort casino called the Peppermill. He was out there the week prior and told me to book the new portion of the hotel. 

They messed up my reservation, so I ended up staying in an older part of the hotel. No biggie. 

I fly in on Sunday night and I’m like WTF is that next to my bed?

It’s a big ass hot tub. At first I was like that’s mad tacky.  
Didn’t matter because I was double booked that week. 
Worked with the client during the day, went to client dinners, and then back to my room to work on a completely different client. 

Thursday rolls around and I wasn’t double booked anymore. After client dinner my coworker who is married wants to hit the club in the hotel.
 I just want to go to bed, but I wasn’t about to let this guy that’s 15 years older than me show me up. 

I’m like fine. Let’s hit the roulette table first because they charge cover.  

$10 buy in and I’m up $300 in 15 mins. 
I’m like “Let’s hit the club”

Apparently the club has “Ladies Nights” on Thursday nights and that means that every 5 women get a free bottle of Goose or Skyy vodka. 
So this place is packed with women. Not just with tourist, but with locals. 

My coworker is expecting me to be wild single guy, but that’s not my style. 

I just chill. Then this girl in this black dress walks-in and I’m like. “I have to talk to her.” 

I walk up. Introduce myself. Tell her it’s my last night in town and there is a hot tub and minibar in my room. 

She goes “Let me check with my friend.”

I walk back to my table and she comes by 10 minutes later and is like “We’ll come up with you.”
My coworkers eyes almost popped out of his head. 

Turns out they were nurses and about to move to Vegas for a fresh start. 
There was also mirrors on the [ceiling](https://twitter.com/pepeforthewin/status/1342847388650786817?s=21). 

I was so fucking late to the client meeting the next morning, but it was all dudes and I showed up with donuts, so they forgave me after I showed them these [pictures. ](https://twitter.com/pepeforthewin/status/1342847388650786817?s=21)
Too late and dont be an asshole to them. I'm willing to bet my tendies that most of them are either barely 18, with no experience with everything, or 60+ who basically fell for this MLM of a stock.
[deleted]
How the hell do you sell?
Bored as fuck
> why he was so surprised at the loss.

He already knew he was rekt from the earnings report the night before so he recorded this video specifically to post to WSB. That would have been enough for us to fap to, but his post history is what made this legend. Turned out he was a douche-savant who somehow had managed to discover and then share how to use the RH infinite free money method to lever up to your Personal Risk Tolerance, which he had used to GUH more than his entire net worth. What a day that was....
And then plummet down towards the core of the earth
WW84 didn't suck

The Midnight Sky didn't suck

neither were great or anything, they just didn't suck
$GOEV
Market is green on Monday heard it here first
Woke up to a nice ingrown hair on my dick
Wooosh
I honestly don't think I've watched a single new release movie this year
Will it come with a Zune player installed? If yes, i want to buy 3 MSFT ev.
There’s no such thing as a stupid question, just stupid people
If you are referring to their bond mandates with their current yield, then yes LOL
“Thank you” - the IRS
Did you ever consider to use the same strategy but with long dated calls instead of shares?
[deleted]
TAN was trading at $60 to $70 for several weeks and brought the IV down. I bought calls for .75 cents and sold for $2. 

Entered another position where they were .99 and currently with $2.
Has anyone older ever seen this many people asking the government for money? Now that that they proved they can do it I don’t see it ever really stopping
u/savevideo
Gene editing has cured Dwarfism & Down syndrome it’s ethics at this point
Exactly! A few weeks ago it looks like OP couldn’t figure out what to do with his option without running to Reddit and asking for help 🤣
Guh to God.
Lol. Electoral Fraud is non existent in USA. 
In India, despite registration and voter of card fraud is commonplace.
>Same. Except I'lll be doing it sub 195 dawg. I'd be puckered af unless you plan on buying more

Proud and United we are
$ROPE
[removed]
I don’t think so- still got room roll to run this week.
Autism + Retardation = Creativity
Positions JAN15 $30c
It was a great movie. Highly recommended
Yawn. What do you do for a living? Guess what you i bet you have a lobbyist.

Also, why should i care about peasants?
Solar ETF. Has been helping me makes a lot of money as well. Not as much as OP but still a lot. Should’ve held the calls which were expiring soon as they’re up $3k but I sold for $900. :(

https://imgur.com/a/TfzCCOS
Assuming you're not joking/being ironic/whatever, it's "**martial** law".
Yes and if you go on the parenting subs and shame people for letting their kids watcha bunch of Youtube they'll fuck your shit up.

Edited to say tv for kids is fine but in moderation and monitoring what they watch
Who are you talking to retard?
give me a trial run to scrub posts with literally zero content for starters.
Haha good catch. I knew something was off but too hungover to do anything about it
🍌🐵
Also wanted to get in earlier but didnt do my DD and thought hydrogen was a bust
And wat r stonk?
Hoping for 2k, enjoy getting a free gov shutdown 💪😩
I assume it is fear because the term "simp". I mean the statement is simple and true. This sub has always been a Boys Club. But look at the rhetoric around you in the thread. Some people are going to insane lengths to "disprove" something that shouldn't bother them.
Epic
Sounds like social security, no?
Their market cap went up like 9 billion on news of a 3 year 44mil contract. That should tell you enough how this trades.
Sailboat charter.  

Give me blue water and sunshine.
I can’t fucking count in my dreams.
You know what they say: all time high? Buy buy buy
anyone watch Soul yet on Disney+ ? did Pete Doctor knock that shit outta the park again ?
Do you know what they do?
Calling all 🐢🐢🐢 gang HEAR goin to $35 soon

https://finance.yahoo.com/news/turtle-beach-corporations-nasdaq-hear-082502799.html
[deleted]
What a boring life.
It's called stonks dude
[deleted]
were you married at the time?
but this is too lazy for DD, I have to add more words. Guess I'll shoot my shot.
Started investing very small amounts a few years ago. Modest boomer style gains up to $9k. Found WSB and quickly got up to $40k in about 2 weeks. My mind was making all sorts of plans for when I was a billionaire. 

Lost $32k in the following 3 month. Sitting just under even from where I started and trying to catch a rocket again. First one is free and now I feel like it's fucking impossible!
[deleted]
Makes $100k.   Asks someone else to buy him a helmet.

Retard confirmed.
/r/patientgamers
Sometimes the safe play is the riskier play
If it doesn't, expect loss porn.
retardbets, its super exclusive though
/r/LateStageCapitalism
Are you really a retard ? Aid to Israel is not part of $900 stimulus bill. We passed a $1.25 trillion funding bill along with the Covid relief package.
Your post has been removed because a single link is insufficient DD. Please review the following links before resubmitting.

Please note that abusing DD flair can lead to getting banned.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

[How to conduct DD](https://www.wallstreetoasis.com/forums/on-the-job-with-simple-as-my-research-process)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
[removed]
/r/investing, but they're actually retarded
I thought this man was like 50 years old, I just didn’t expect that a young man can have big fucking balls.
Thcb Will go to mars
Nkla
in 1585 your people burned down a whole native village because they thought they "might have" stolen a silver cup during a meet and greet.  They just found that cup, apparently it just fell off the boat.
[deleted]
Roll it over into an IRA. Call the companies that service the accounts and asked them how to do it. You will need to open an account with another brokerage, but that is easy. You can even call the new brokerage and have them help you. They are happy to pull money into their firm. 

If you convert it to a Roth, then you need to take into account the taxes that you will get charged. Whatever you convert to a Roth will be charged at your current income tax rate of all income plus what you convert.  One is a great time if you believe that the Dems will win the senate and taxes will go up. If it is already Roth already then there won’t be taxes charged.
It’s not an etf. It’s a mutual fund
Nice
Individual stocks that have low liquidity (thus wide spreads) are harder to trade especially on robinhood where the bid and ask are hidden behind a second screen you have to click, rather than viewed from looking at the entire options chain. ETFs have tighter spreads so the price Robinhood shows is more or less the price you can get a fill
Good DD make a post bro, this will get lost in the daily thread
Yeah people should stop being poor and just be rich.
You mean they can make huge bets on folks retirement? Shocker. Its not like they let the mob buy a ton of casinos and YOLO it all or once or anything
I can’t believe someone bought my shares back in June at 85 each 😂
Other than WSB, what’s the most retarded sub
hey guys its me the FEMALE trader. Im just going through such a STRESSFUL time buying these 2 GME shares. I looked at OPTIONS but it all seems too confusing(and from what Ive read from WARREN BUFFETS! BOOK) and super risky. I dont want to end up losing ALL of my $9.38 (PREMIUM) like some of you WHACKY SPAZZES. Anyways after talking with my middle school guidance counselor for 4 HOURS I deposited $36 more. I also sold my favorite and beloved FORD stock so I hope all you NERDS buy more video games like my adorable HUSBAND does so I can make AT LEAST $3.50 in the next calendar year. Just wanted to give a SHOUT OUT to my favorite cute subreddit. dont forget to like and subscribe to my onlyfans and thank you for being such manly and brave DAY TRADERS. Hope I dont end up posting LOSS PORN LOL BUT THE KARMA WILL B WORTH IT!!!!!!! LOVE YOU GUYS!!!!!!!!

Also my therapist said I might b on the spectrum so I feel at home with you AUTISTIC RETARDS! Anyways im going to go post a SHOWERBEER with a delicious CRAFT BLUE MOON!
[deleted]
Higher liquidity less slippage
You have to remember there is a whole generation of 6-8 year olds that have iPads shoved in front of their faces by their parents to keep them busy. It’s a legit market now

Not a huge leap for them to figure out how to make some shitty content themselves and the it’s just a self fulfilling prophecy of retarded kids making retarded shit for other retarded kids
That says dec 14th retard
Nah we’re gonna rerun March 24th
Why sir
She was more that company than him.
Tasyworks if you want options
[Positions or ban](http://imgur.com/a/waiTqRM)

The 3,100 shares is microcap, sub $1bn. Can't list ticker. They manufacture drones. Went from $2 to $8 back to $6 a share. If you know, you know.

I was in GameStop, had calls and rode the entire thing from $3 to $20. Got out this week to get into UNFI.

**Edit for those guessing the microcap**: Yes it's the ticker you all are getting comment banned for mentioning. However, nobody can see those comments.
Why
It's going to disrupt major industries, and I guarantee genetics will help us combat climate change. We'll make bacteria that act as carbon sinks, and then retarded companies will pay tons of moneys to offset their carbon footprint to some assholes with giant vats of this shit in some barren wasteland just eating carbon dioxide and farting oxygen. It's going to change our world and make every industry it touches a level of magnitude more productive. This is the type of generational investment that Apple in 1996 or Google at IPO would have been.
Someone has to own value stocks
That’s where the supply is and as the article mentioned that may be the only outlet for folks who can only use cash. it’s also a great resource for parents who are typically buying on behalf of their kids.
[deleted]
[removed]
Both
good job, less retarded one. that one will print
Etoro is good
Why is your boyfriend’s girlfriend asking you for a gift?
[deleted]
[The download links should be in one of the comments.](https://www.reddit.com/r/Prettytiktokers/comments/kkh4ab/belle_delphine_full_sex_tape/)
Underrated post, we need more upvotes
PLTR
It’s gonna go up big
[deleted]
Even im not this retarded, im all in baba 01/15 220 calls and even my parents don't want me
This is the way
He’s not raising shit
just bought Dishonored for ps4 off of Gamestop, i’m doing my part
The legendary TSLA analyst himself
More than most.
Can you elaborate?  You mean they drive up the prices?
Due diligence
[removed]
It’s much easier than building your own shit and society approves
Black Monday needs to come
We give foreign aid to Israel every year. Aid to Israel is not part of $900 billion Covid stimulus bill. Quit whining.
Good DD
Do u actually believe what robinhood tells you to scam their traders???
do they give u any special deposit forms when u cash out 100k
Congrats charge your phone.
Bird is flying beyond 25K .
For the consoles, you kinda have to shop around since every store is out of stock. As for games, same reasons people go to other stores instead of Walmart. Or, why people go to different websites to buy games instead of just Steam. It’s personal preference/convenience/deals.
Guess he didn’t realize you can still see all his comments lol
A responsible investor, I like you
Same. Except I'lll be doing it sub 195 dawg. I'd be puckered af unless you plan on buying more
A really like what NP(A) is trying to achieve.
What color of lambo are you getting?
Been seeing that the fine is only up to a maximum of 500,000 yuan which is like $80,000. Don’t know how true the info is but quite a few guys saying it
He spelled stonks wrong
I’ve considered it, but I’ve got 3k shares and don’t want to miss out if it grows legs early!
Are you six? Corps have been running us for hundreds of years, not some new revelation. They've been too big since inception.

Social media is not essential, you do not have to participate and can opt out. Start a forum, a site be the news and site you want to be. And then when you begin to censor shit see that real free speech in what retards say should exist will never exist because everyone will censor something.
well i can’t lie that pretty impressive honestly hats off to you.
Please bless my Stonks
Yooo cryptosss 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀

I’ve gotten more Coinbase notifications in the last 24 hours that I think I’ve ever had and that’s saying something
Can't wait to see where my Great British Tart Contest opens on Monday. We flying right through the Xmas weekend and I love it.
Or Apple autist fscomeau
So many problems with this statement lol
F
Naw, it can't be?
I’m sure thats what Benjamin Franklin had in mind when he created electricity
No goyim, this year you must show your affection by abandoning those you love.
Warren Buffet is ahead of the curve. Only he has the power to summon so many autists in one place. His pussy analysts are now creating memes here
Positions?
plea fly again
Positions or ban
This one is going to fly to the moon
Nice job. 
Let’s not pretend you don’t already wear a helmet, retard.
Planitar pleas fly again
Congrats retard
Money
Yea if I was born rich, I wouldn't spend a single day working
Wtf
I know seniors who were told by their kids they won’t see them this xmas. The seniors instead had other seniors over.
[deleted]
Reported /s
Fucking big balls bruh. This man deserves it. respect
A graph that doesn’t need to be flipped upside down
Because they manage to accurately register and identify their voters.
[deleted]
I don't understand why people still go to college. I don't understand why people want to work for FAANG. I don't understand why people want to spend a decade or two or four working towards the C suite.
[deleted]
one announcement in the news that gene editing has cured ____ and watch this baby shoot to Pluto
It’s gonna go up
NP(a) will be soon guaranteed
Nice content bruh. I wish I knew about your channel 6 months ago, subscribed
I think it's working, look at the size of his head!
Spinosaurus
Guys, don't ever take a job with a pension. They literally just invest in value stocks. Ever wonder where all the money we are making comes from? It's the pension funds
Because you don’t like Electoral College?
damn OP deleted all of his posts claiming corona was a hoax lol
How do you turn the color to green ?
Bruh you’ve got to link his YouTube video, the guy fuckin needs the Adsense lol
[deleted]
Thats one expensive family, but hey, we shall rejoice as retards together
[deleted]
2k? That's a bit generous. I had an old college friend come over last fall for beers and dogs on the grill. He spent probably an hour talking about investing and his strategies he wanted to use. I'm a CPA with a good deal of knowledge in poor decision making so I tried to get an idea of how much he was playing with. Dude put in $50 and was up to $80 including his free stock. I spent a good minute laughing at his nonsense.
Raining awards! Hopefully I’m not too late.
He won't survive an 8-year presidency. Kamala's gonna be the first female in office.
damn. 

if you are alone on xmas, you are alone alone.
[deleted]
God this is a way better option than blowies behind wendy's for YOLO money
Yeah what the fuck???? But that’s the internet for you can’t be too mad
>
>How long until corporations are so big they can be as nefarious as they want for their own benefit?
 
  
  Sir, this is the United States of America.
fuck u, spilled my coffee and laughed so hard.... "crackhead" + lady doing the movements + the song... THAT FUCKING SONG LOLOL
may i recommend Kevin Hart? should be perfect for an WSB member 😎
i just see letters and numbers idk what the underlying even is
[removed]
It's APR and it's insane compared to other stocks
Subscribe to ride your bike
I lost bigly
Treat your butthole like exercise

Stretch it
Dudee, you got a box?!? Jelly
Tesla
Why do you assume it’s fear? Maybe you’re just not likable and that’s why you get downvoted.
Is that why it’s called booty?
[deleted]
[removed]
whats deal on US seed?

[https://www.marketwatch.com/investing/stock/seed/company-profile?mod=mw\_quote\_tab](https://www.marketwatch.com/investing/stock/seed/company-profile?mod=mw_quote_tab)
Its boxing day though for the UK Market? Thought it was closed for UK based stocks..
check now
Been there



Lost that.
Comparing a private residence or small business to mega social media companies with 1 billion + active users like it’s even remotely the same thing.
what a stupid question.
[deleted]
Bro I have the same thoughts. I really think people underestimate where gene editing technology can take us in the next couple decades. It has potential to impact pretty much everything
Up 230+% YTD $19.3k in profits. Suck it institutions.
GTFO you normie
y'all are the ones who need basic intuition.

"i'm so embarrassed i outperformed trained professionals"

fucking cucks quit trading
Boutta trade cryptos to get my fix
Bruh, at least he didn’t do anything. Biden will take away some of our free doms
This is the way
Crucifix on wall so we at least know Their parents aren’t accepting of their gayness.
I got banned for mentioning ThiccB too much when it was still around NAV. This proves mods are ghey.
Alles richtig gemacht du Autist.
[removed]
I sure hope I return 8% in 2021 in my index funds. 🤡
[deleted]
[removed]
[removed]
Your estimate is way too high. 200-250k would be in the top 1/4 of the pay scale for a dentist.
That’s $300k in shares and not 300k shares just to clarify. Wish I had that kind of bankroll 😂🚀🚀🚀
Come to switzerland. Don‘t have to pay taxes on stonk gains.
Roger that.

Here we go.
I like how op is awarding everyone who comments lol
Hello guys, 


What do you all think of MARA ?
Fuck millennials, Biden don’t have to suffer consequences cuz like it’s unlikely he live 30 years more, poor young people will suffer
ur post history tho
I love the Ip Man movies but they are not better in every way. If you're looking purely for martial arts sure but guns and blood and gore >

check out The Raid
We have a discussion thread.
That's what drives these startups that invent things, but R&D is hard and no one knows how well these new teams will work together. Crinkle failed primarily because the bosses turned out to be jerks and all the quitting and firing and shenanigans brought down creativity. Then you got Nikola which is actually a scam. 

Plus this a Chinese company and in China cost cutting is king. There will be no demand for a self driving flying vehicle simply because it will be expensive and most Chinese people can't afford regular cars. And China's tech output is actually low, with most engineering products being cheap copies of foreign products. Only handfuls of original inventions exist, meaning this car's invention would be double the total scientific output of China from this century.
Isn‘t this peak irony?
Biden has to cheat though
I’m about to get in on this shit has retard strength
Calls on WY
Palantards unite!
Why are you all so afraid of women?
Smooth-brained Chads rise up
We taking GME to $30 and beyond 🚀
🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
I was worried I might have always missed the Cathie runup
me after thinking how can I make a call option for BB
What did we do now?
I do ETFs if I don't feel like thinking. I do stocks if I feel like thinking.
Read as, " Harry not trying to bang Herion the whole time" hahahaha
Yeah, colleges just want to milk us more money, since we getting loans anyway. Plus the overpriced fucking books like $300
u/savevideo
Didn’t realize, thanks
[deleted]
looks like that was last week
I'm not. I think it's a fine stock, but it's boring as shit and I'm getting boomer vibes. Probably be a decent one to hold. Obvs a solid enough company.
Yes, that’s how it works. Market makers sell a shit ton of calls for X strike, they hedge their positions and then do whatever they can to make sure the contracts they sold don’t print.
Yeah it’s is. Social media is the primary medium of communication. By allowing the private companies to choose what can be said on their platforms, they have more power than governments and can completely suppress the truth or bury shit they don’t want ppl to know. 

How long until corporations are so big they can be as nefarious as they want for their own benefit?
Yesss, i do manage to break even at 300-310 (if you take theta out). So everything at 280-300 are just fine.
Hell yea. I'm all for that. Especially since I would try building a foundationless or pole barn on the property with no permits and tell the city to suck a kahoot if they had a problem.
> I’m aloud to do above.

Are you actually conducting business being this illiterate?
[deleted]
can you bankrupt as individual in us?
GTFO normies
Yep Richard Li aswell. Rumours that it’s tokopedia
What’s you’re thoughts on PACB?  Kathie invests and so do I?  I want to like this stock.
Shares short before: 67.45M

Shares short now: 68.13M

OP: SHORTS CLOSED POSITIONS

&#x200B;

GME STILL  🚀 🚀 🚀
SQ
[removed]
What’s harder to trade in your opinion an Index ETF or an individual stock?
At the start a couple of the airline stocks. Then Fastly, Teladoc, and Livongo. Now on to renewables.
I’m not concerned with their Q4 earnings. I’m playing the lead up into it. If we didn’t already have a short squeeze by then, I’ll definitely dump a decent amount of shares at or right before earnings. But the way things are going I expect to see a short squeeze sooner rather than later
I think puts are reasonable in the short term, i'm not expecting any significant upside until the march-june timeframe, and I think there will be good swing opportunities until then regardless of the direction
Ask if they have any stock options plans then follow up by asking if they can be puts
He bought some shares and then sold long dated deep ITM covered calls. I can’t remember the exact numbers, but you get the idea if you imagine he sold an option to buy, say, a $30 share at $2 in nine months’ time. Now when you do this you still usually have the shares because the person to whom you have sold the option won’t exercise, they will wait to see if the option goes up in value so they can sell it on at a higher price. But you don’t *really* have the shares because the option is so far ITM that it will definitely get exercised at some point.

Unfortunately Robinhood failed to take this into account when calculating how much someone could borrow. This meant they allowed someone to include the shares that they technically still owned but were subject to a call option that was almost certain to be exercised when determining how much collateral they held, together with the cash received from selling the options. So you could buy shares, sell options, buy more shares with the increased leverage you had, sell even more options etc.

Yes, it very quickly got out of hand. But it was very, very fun watching it go down.
Oh damn big Plastic got him hope they don’t ge—
>I’d have voted for a potato.

You did
Kevin and Devin.
Selling covered calls on $30 1/15 contracts so I’m fully ready to wait until after that day
Cathie's outlook on Genetics and AI combining has me convinced I should go super long on ARKG. Here is a video from [MIT AI guy and MIT Genetics guy](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=brslF-Cy3HU&ab_channel=LexFridman) \- his first of 3 on this podcast and my key takeaways were: Genes are cool as fuck. AI will do for the genome what it did for chess and Go. These companies have the potential to be the next FAANGs in exponential growth. 

This isn't all some hype to make me shoot thiccer rope like Spiderman, but industrial level genetics engineering. Need gasoline? Modify a bacteria to eat plastic and shit gasoline. Need a new organ? Farm that shit off a super pig. Need a specific drug that's expensive to make? Modify a nonspecific fungal enzyme to biosynthesize it. There isn't just one good reason to be long here, there are tons. Shit will actually be a genomic revolution. I think the human genetics stuff is the least interesting actually because of how complicated it will be and all the regulations and red tape. Modifying bacteria/fungus and shit you can culture and scale is going to be the real money. If I could go more specific on those ideas I would but I'll take the ARKG basket for now.
another COVID patient without icu bed
Such a good feel when I suddenly get one of the recurring jokes around here.
$GME  🚀🚀🚀
Pretty sure they’re announcing a new model
*" it's to make you more well-rounded"*

It's so they can maximize the tuition they squeeze from you
Analyst
An empty pointless existance.
https://www.berkshirehathaway.com

http://www.muskfoundation.org
Section 230 is overwhelming designed to protect "the average joe"
[deleted]
Actually the most retarded thing was not capitalizing on four years of potential bipartisan support to change a shitty corrupt media.

No sense making = no ability to actual problem solve at scale
B t c 🚀
yikes.  you need a biggggg spike
Really kicking myself in the ass for not investing in plug power, I was eyeing it for like a month and a half when it was hovering around $3/$4.
It’s a system that benefits the rich through lobbying and fuck peasants, here’s $600 to stfu

99% occupy movement needs to happen again
Looks like there are 1m more shares short than a month ago
PLTR
Mines like that... but in reverse
EV makes me nervous - that’s a small company as it stands, could move...
Yeah wasn't this on earnings day and the guy thought having his options expire a few days after earnings was a good idea?
Mods pleas come back
buying 110 shares Monday
whole market is manipulated and rigged its like playing the casino. MM always win
Each day the risk increases for them, they may have diamond hands but they have to answer to their investors if losses are substantial. They may even lose their well paid job.

We are not in a hurry, we can keep building pressure, so dont think they do not fear us.
I’d just like to see green one day...
[deleted]
Fuck these bitches. I'm here to make money not validate your identity crisis. Mods, ban this shit
What is life if i can’t trade
Almost
BABA 270c March/April
Let me guess- tech job? Developer?
Mods are gay, they literally act like little kids having a fight when ur gone

Also, never be afraid speaking up the truth
She's been getting me tendies
lmfao
-20k since october bro. You are not alone. -100% in rh(20k)  currently have about 8k in tda right now. Leveraged. To. The. Tits
You forgot to capitalize Personal Risk Tolerance
I’ll have to read up, thanks!
Treat your butt hole like a treasure

Keep it safe!!!
I mean I also just think golf is boring
hhaha yes
Today would’ve been Sunday 😡🤬🤬🤬🤬😡


At least tmrw is Sunday 🍝🍝💴💴💴🩳🩳🩳🐻🐻🐻💰 ride at dawn tmrw
this comment has me full chub
Due Diligence
My Mom was all worried that I would be spending Christmas alone bc of covid. Little does she now, I FOMO daily that wasn't shit
Soon...
I just wanna rave with her. 😊
Lol I’m here calculating number of shares per rise in share price I thought it’d be more $$
Mvis
BTWN is the Theil one right?
Nikola’s website is laughable. I spent 30 min browsing all their products and there is so much lack of detail. It’s like if you told college kids to create a website of a future product. Scrolling thru the job openings was funny 50-70 listing for very important positions. I might apply and if they hire me,short them with my life savings.
My uncle on facebook
Buy the dip
Being considered full time and only having to work a few hours a week is the best thing ever.
Oh look he is 18 NO ONE FUCKING CARES YOU RETARD
I wish I was less autistic. I was earning $50k US at 18 and up to $64k US at 22 before the layoffs. I spent every penny on a sports car, girls, parties, and restaurants. Oh well, at least I found a true family here.
$NNMD
PLTR
She's apparently a really popular adult content streamer through the website OnlyFans. Her fan base is pretty wild about her it seems; probably because she's attractive and makes content that appeals to them.
Take NKLA's cash, substract the costs of the fraud lawsuits, divide the result by the number of outstanding shares, and there you have NKLA's fair value. Spoiler alert: it's not pretty.
[deleted]
If we see this thing go over 50 you’ll be lucky. Half the people spouting off numbers don’t even know what short float is or how much it is.
Makes no sense. Enough stocks went deep in the minus last month. He just lucked out on his mistake.
Bought calls on MARA and RIOT on Thursday. Hope it prints.
Agree with NP(a)
$GYBER
GO DJ
Jesus and I was stressed over $25 calls for 4/16 but apparently I’m not the most retarded retard on here
PACB
7 day ban for speaking the truth on Chyna! Unreal! Mods are gay asf, come moderate this dickkk bitch
Is it Monday yet?
In all honesty this is the truth. The rest are filler courses that only serve to detract from the main course.
You don't know people that got engineering degrees, do you? I have a friend that went to school for engineering in Michigan, he knows a fuckton of people from auto makers. He, himself just got offered a job at Tesla in Cali or Texas, his choice. He'll be my friend forever.
Did you find the data anywhere? I can’t seem to find it
Anyone remember the Windows phone? Anyone? MSFT jumped into the phone market with the speed of Internet Explorer trying to load a Redtube page and it lasted less time than me when I spooled up some Adrianna Chechik videos. Not touching any of that hot garbage.
Thanks, daily confirmation bias is fine
XL I’m hoping for Nio like hype in the next couple weeks.
$PLTR retard
The great plastic coverup-
No it's not. My business my rules. Start your own
I just hadn't checked my overall balance on gme, so it was a nice surprise to know that the loss from impulse buying weeklies wasn't too bad.
And I know how you feel, you just gotta completely remove all your emotions from it. Ignore all those $0.38->7M in a year posts. My suggestion is as soon as you're up a decent amount, pull your initial investment. Then you're just playing a game With points. That's what inside at least
Cost don’t matter. Just apply for more student loans and pay for it like vacations, etc. We’re not gonna pay student loans anyway
Nio or bust
Fuck the system
So you’re back huh? Why did you delete all your posts 😞 we still wanna laugh at you 🌈🐻
Talk about the next Travis.
NP(A) and BTW(N) massive meme potential
You lucky bastard
$FKURSLF
Wish I bought more MARA on Friday. Also wish I took a new position in RIOT. 

Then again, this can all be undone by Monday. People just like to gamble
I always had the impression that on most Australian land, your average human would die within 24 hours without any kind of help. What’s the homelessness like over there? Terrible here in USA - the world’s biggest competition. If you lose the game here, you end up homeless. But, we have enormous swaths of land where being homeless is not so hard. For example, California.
[deleted]
NIO
[removed]
Stimmy delayed is bullish because we can continue to rally on hopes of stimmy

Stimmy passing is bullish cuz money
Then he'll be begging for a joint account 😂
No penny stocks / small market cap.

Read the posting guidelines before shitting up the sub.
I got 360c for September with around 20k. Down 70-80% right now.
Tldr: buy stocks with dividends and never look back
MT GANG 💎🖐🏼🤚🏼
Asia dump?
Just mask JOI as workout instructions. Everybody wins.
I’m murderous since that mod left
[deleted]
Bad postions screenshot.
STDs
so is gasoline lol... anything can be contained and controlled with enough science
Yeah I think Open can skyrocket. All my money is wrapped up in SPACs but I would be very bullish on calls if I had some money available
Trump loves golf. Like half of time being a president we’re spent golfing
24 minutes... Give me a little time.
Yea think I’m sticking with trading 212 for now, I just want Cdfs for things like gme etc wich a guaranteed winners. Also there are some really under valued stocks because of covid
[deleted]
“How many times do we have to teach you this lesson, old man.”

Looks like the old man is teaching us the lesson this time.
Google it
Looks kinda like mine. Looks like you buy on the day and forget to sell at the top tho.
Might as well cancel the Olympics then
Yeah, when it dipped to 215 i put 100k into 230/350 debit call spreads for August
Yes
Probably something else wrong with the fucking 737 Max. That plane is gonna ruin that company.
Why would anyone need DD longer than 10 words?
1.) To
2.) the
3.) moon







4.) !
5.) !
6.) !
7.) !
8.) !
9.) !
10.) !
11.) !



Oh shit nevermind, this meme checks out.
Bruh. You think we care about Biden? Lol. Anything’s better than the orange idiot. I’d have voted for a potato. 

Pro tip- pissing off literally everybody and running the country like a game show will not win re-election.
I have 200 shares at 25.70
don't bother with EU. Its bs. Just get interactive brokers.
If TAN hits 200, For another 100% gain that puts ICLN around 60 🤷🏼‍♂️
https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2020/dec/26/boeing-737-max-air-canada-jet-shuts-down-an-engine-and-diverts-after-mechanical-issue
I’m not into the gaming community, occasionally play CoD black ops 2 still 🙄. Why would anyone goto Gamestop for consoles and not get these at Amazon/ Bestbuy? Same with games? Asking seriously.
SSPK. Forget weedmaps user facing product. Backend is where it's at.
ipoc
I am cursed by BB why do I keep addi to this position!
[deleted]
If you thought snowflake ipo was high at open, better bend over for starlink
Got it. I’m in California. Different story.
Plane had to land a 737 MAX due to engine failure.
Based on how I'm being treated I must've found a good one
Jess King
I am gonna suck china di*ck, when my baba calls go up again.

Seriously.
[removed]
Why would I let you come into my house and say whatever you wanted?
  
  
  Why should Dorsey?
Damn bro that 28% might just be enough for your wife’s boyfriend to take you laser tagging
Buy the dip, short the spike!!!
I only have $700 riding on puts so it’s not like I’m fully convinced but it seems like a game of musical chairs 🪑 & blind faith in cohens plan if they even allow him to acquire GME
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/vy007vikas the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Damn u
Looking for like three stocks to go all in on that haven’t memes yet. Pretty heavy in PSTH, any others people like?
Yes pLz
If you’re using words like Stegosaurus, one of us is in the wrong place.
What is WSB pumping next week
I was waiting for a pullback on BA. I'd like to load up on DFEN and this could lower the price for a bit
[deleted]
4 year college can seriously be shorten to 2 years, like half of my classes has nothing to do with the degree,
[deleted]
[removed]
I thought I was an idiot trying to get an order to go through at 1:01 PM 12/24 not realizing the market had already closed. This makes me feel much better about myself.
what's been dead
https://twitter.com/FirstSquawk/status/1342841944934936577?s=19

>JAPAN TO BAN ALL NEW ARRIVALS OF FOREIGN NATIONALS FROM DEC 28 THROUGH END-JANUARY – NIKKEI
No 🚀 
I no buy
He would have said “thuG”
Ahh ok yes that makes sense. Still the best investment you can make.
[deleted]
Yeah, what New Zealand said. My buddy has been into hunting dogs and has a rec farm for years.  He raises one  litter at a time usually and recently upped his operation. I guess technically it's a side hustle by definition but it ain't easy or fast money and he knows what he's doing.  Not in a field related to animals, I know lot's who have animals from hunting.
🤡
*The currency we shall not refer to
No penny stocks / small market cap.

Read the posting guidelines before shitting up the sub.
02/19/2021??? 300??? risky AF !
VXX calls where it’s at
Up 370%
Your’re like a human hertz call - fuck off
poop
no that’s pretty fked up. I would just keep taking shits on the bed until she leaves the relationship.
Some event happened and let us tell you why it's a good/bad thing
https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.nbcnews.com/news/amp/ncna1252366

My 25 shares don’t feel so good. Thank god they are shares
ALPP
I can't wait for the schadenfreude

On behalf of the rest of the world I want to thank America for allowing the Uniparty to once again assume direct control.
You can convert it to cash. Just apply for more loans on some bank, take 1 course, so net around $8 k cuz you have to pay 1 course tuition
Lots of ins and outs in that field
Nah here in Texas dine in was barely closed. Wouldn’t have a business anywhere else than here in Austin. Taking care of local businesses is a high priority
I guess I better ask some of our lawyer family friends. I am MD debt free and will not be weighed down!
Nor should he
That’s the problem
[deleted]
REPEAL SECTION 230
What happened now?
[deleted]
🤡
That way always goes up!
Bro talk tough all you want. I bet you could beat me up.
PLTR
Lets do it live.
So I keep seeing very in-depth and compelling DD for the upside, and every bear case I read is some off the cuff "it just makes sense" negative thesis. I'm struggling to find any good write-ups that support the drive to bankruptcy.
It was a noble stance that the cucked majority did not understand, so he had no choice but to bend the knee.
Which one of y'all is this fr
the best part about stimulus is the market pump over 2000 dollars that isn't happening
I am dislexic, but the 240.69... Niiiice!!!
Close one, gender studies. Don’t like art and history
Yeah true that is one thing that 212 has over Freetrade.. it actually tells you the share price as ur selling 
But I’ve found the trades do open and close somewhat quickly even compared to t212, so I just have to check the price somewhere that isn’t Freetrade and it isn’t too bad. 212 is mostly alright just for stocks, I wouldn’t touch CFDs anymore anyway
Today's front page.
Real life more Complicated. Than google searches
THe more time I spend here, the more I am convinced I might be.
Lmao. They just banned me yesterday for asking how the community felt once news broke that NKLA was a scam. We can’t even save their poor souls
fuck yourself
This. Idk why people still do
Also read the same thing I hope it’s true my four BABA calls will thank Xi & JackMa
She was out of state and tuition was 90k a year. Crazy. My medical school tuition was only 40k I’m comparison in state at same institution
Used his own money + margin to buy 100 shares of AMD. Then sold deeeep ITM calls to collect big premium that Robinhood failed to detect came from a covered call position.  Robinhood gave him 2x leverage on this new money.  He then bought 100 more shares of AMD and sold another covered call.  Since the premium from selling the calls covered the next 100 shares and then some he was able  to use the extra money to buy AAPL puts.  He did this until he turned his 2k into 50k, essentially leveraging his initial position 25x.
Trump is only tweeting about $2,000 stimulus checks because he knows his fellow Republicans won’t pass it. He’s trying to convince stupid people that he actually cares about them, and sadly it’s working.
Lmaoö
Partridge died from global warming.
If I stay married it has to be replayed so it will be a financial burden on u both.  If u get divorced and there’s an asymmetry of income then she can saddle u with the debit or alimony which she will use to pay the debt.  Real life not that simple my man.  That debt is gonna be both r problems if u get married.
This
[deleted]
They aren't up. They were a SPAC that always starts at $10

They merged at $35
Not just a glitch, the most legendary glitch there has been and perhaps ever will be. And he didn’t even lose the most using it. As far as I know that was the first time this sub featured in the financial press. Never looked back.
GTBIF GTI is the ‘competitor in a healthier position’... they grew top line by 34% q/q, ebitda 50% q/q, currently net positive (incredible for company growing at this pace), great industry leading margins, $70MM cash on hand, very little debt due in next year... even if they ‘only’ dilute by 10 million shares, that’s $200M in the bank at today’s prices (i believe they have $95M in liabilities/nothing significant due near term).  additionally, GTI is incredibly well positioned in very lucrative limited license states such as NJ (just legalized rec), NY, PA, CT (all expected to follow NJ’s lead).  essential business designation (blunts shutdown threat) + favorable US regulatory backdrop = bright future.
[removed]
yawn
I play golf to - get away from wife for 6 hours - rip a pack of smokes - drink a lot of beer - drunk drive a golf cart- flirt with hot girls work at concession stands or beer carts on course who clearly like sugar daddies like me- walk around outside doing the above pretending it’s exercise

I will also conduct business out there but that secondary to above however business excuse is one of the most common reasons I’m aloud to do above.

In conclusion, fuck off, who cares if the president does it too, they have red blood running through their veins and I bet their golf cart chicks are better than mine
Gender studies, basket weaving is useless. I’m gonna help Pakistanis to learn about gender, we getting $10 million with my colleagues 😎
Trust me, you aren’t.
I am going to do a YOLO for about 100k.
Heard about wallstreetbets from /r/stocks or some shit years ago and lurked occasionally since. Bought MRNA back in March on the advice of this sub. On the way to buying a house this summer had to liquidate all my boomer ETFs in Betterment and since my broker is tied to my checking account, got tempted to trade my life savings. Made a bunch playing TSLA and AAPL during this time but mostly made bank on my old standby MRNA and new contender BNTX. 

Had to liquidate about half the account to buy the house, and recently put 5k into Betterment because I'm scared I'm getting too comfortable YOLOing my life savings into cruise ships and mail REITs.
Still seems high compared to a doctor for example. I guess she could be Ivy League who knows.
Perfect BA news to get in on a dip or dump 😈😤
Partridge in a pear tree
Industry (BBC)
I'm a Millennial and I hate Millennials
douche chills
Gambling addiction during the week, porn addiction on the weekends
I hope so too. I have a few calls to print 😩
This whole sub sucks off Cathie, where u been
Don’t do it, I spend my Saturday’s at the whole sale club telling everyone how shit AT&T is at their booth
Real autism spergs in silence, which is why the puzzle piece is about speaking
Yeah, but Trump didn’t do anything about it when he has power. He should’ve tried to stop uni from being socialists propaganda and apply free speech to these

But Trump didn’t do that. He’s weak. He tried to appease the MMs
I had loans too....a hell of a lot more than 10k.....and like an adult I paid them off. Coward
She will be a dentist makin min 200-250k a year. That ain’t even no thang.
No options or cfds only stocks 🤮🤮
He got margin, bought shares, and then essentially "laundered" that borrowed money by selling MASSIVELY ITM contracts. When RH saw the money he got for selling the calls, they didn't realize it was 50% theirs, so they treated it all as his and gave him more margin based on the total amount which grew his initial $2k investment exponentially with every step. Repeat until properly leveraged to your personal risk tolerance.
[removed]
[deleted]
What movie or show is this?
Free bands? Future looking bright to me
Virtually every housing market in the world is"overvalued". It's not enough to be right, you gotta get the timing right too
You have your religions mixed up.
He sounds like a 🤡
Again?
Lollllllll on point!
[deleted]
Thanks for the incredibly obvious post.  Think it is coincidence companies like Grow Generation have been on fire lately?
Welcome to the future where social media is the arbiters of truth. You actually have to give zuck some credit for telling the world he didn't want to do fact checking. People are just too stupid they want their own information to be tainted before it reaches their eyes and they don't see the problem in this
Fr this is need to know information u/jaydon1
Iced in
[deleted]
Boeing 737 engine problem again - right after ground order lifted lol
Stocktwats saying Chinese articles are coming out stating feds went to BABA office and performed a single day operation and that things were smooth and orderly.  Sounds like theyre saying its a slap on the wrist.  Anyone know if there's any truth to this?
FO SHO?!?!?
Trump tweets dumbass shit all the time and the market rolls on w.out him.  Dude is flopping around for two weeks until Twitter and making appearances at Bingo night is his only job.
https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2020/dec/26/boeing-737-max-air-canada-jet-shuts-down-an-engine-and-diverts-after-mechanical-issue
https://www.thebalance.com/does-marriage-make-you-responsible-for-your-partner-s-debt-4588332

I don’t live in a community property state
Double your money isn't gain? Fuck you
Whereas I've always believed the first responsibility of a Reddit user was to at least provide the very basic courtesy of reading a subs' guidelines before waltzing into someone else's home and shitting up their place.

There's no false allusion as the guidelines are clearly posted to the side.  You just need to possess a wee tiny bit of ambition and actually read the guidelines before projecting your special snowflake status into others.

But, I'll do you a favour and make sure we never disappoint you again.
It’s really not hard for me to imagine people voting against trump. People hate trump. It’s much more believable to me that people voted against trump (meanwhile maintaining republicans Senate seats and adding house seats) than some massive country wide fraud conspiracy theory that frankly has been given a lot of resources and attention and has come up as a big nothing burger
🐱
[deleted]
[deleted]
Yes!
The amendments protect the people from the government not the people from the people.
  
  You have no free speech on private platforms.
Does anyone know any EV companies that are looking to get in the market of electric motorcycles or smaller EV cars besides KANDI?
I’ll take a fat dab to that
WSB made it to Bloomberg front page. Lol. You autists are legendary.
Guh!!!!!!
Change the narrative was a God, we just couldn't see it
They only offer options on some indexes and commodities from the CME/CBOE. 
De Giro is shit, go for IB.
2nd day of Christmas
There is no more free speech. What’s next? Free ____will be gone soon too
Wtf is this shit? Is this the fucking news channel? Stop shilling your bags bro
I found free trade to be a bit messed up tbh. Thy purposely don’t put stock value on the chart so thy can scalp. Plus trades take forever too open and close
I used to work with a dickwart whose wife inherited a few 100k after her father died in an industrial accident. He spent that shit like a Real Housewife and told everyone he made it day trading. Also suddenly started telling everyone he was making more money as a professional bull rider than he was at DayJob™. She divorced him a year later and he took half and still sued her for alimony (which he didn't get)
imagine it's through PSTH?????
I keep hearing this what is the news 📰
GOD I CAN'T TAKE THIS ANYMORE

LET ME IN

LET ME THE FUCK IN

I HAVE NOWHERE ELSE TO GO
Are you really autistic if you are self aware of the fact you are autistic?
The first few bumps were shares of Hepion Pharmaceuticals. Bought that at around $1.30 and rode it to around $4. After that I did calls on BABA, OKTA, and REGI for the most part but played a lot of other stuff for smaller gains.

Currently holding shares of DCBO and In the money leaps of PRIM
Probably make more cars
[removed]
Not for out of state loans. In state I was at 250k
It's a business thing. Used to work stadium management and I'd meet with vendors at the golf course pretty regularly
There’s a buncha vids on YouTube but no interviews, always wanted to see one
Indeed. We have both separate and shared accounts. we decided on an amount that goes into our personal every paycheck and the rest goes into joint. Joint pays for all the necessities and we like to use that term loosely. Plus we invest most of it anyways.
Dont you understand? They were always one and the same. But then Daddy Cohen came for us
[deleted]
[deleted]
what else are you in? and do you think RMG is a lil high rn?
No delay, need my calls to print
I want to get into motor sports that’s the real rich mans sport. You think a set of clubs is expensive? wait till you have to buy and maintain a car and racing team
[deleted]
US is just lucky that it’s the worlds reserve currency, they can print much and not have inflation. We would’ve been Venezuela already if not for the reserve currency status, 

and that you need to buy,
I mean it’s GameStop all games are being sold directly on consoles now and days no need in waiting in line for the new Call of duty or what have you gaming systems are sold online now also Walmart & Target sells games and systems really reminds me of Toys R us & Blockbuster how can you not come to the same sort of conclusions when both business were phased out via technology
4 cents a share selling for 30$, seems undervalued
Didn’t read past AMD. Su Bae to the moon! 🚀
I agree from a consumer perspective Logitech is far superior and I am a huge fan of their products. But I just know where I work we exclusively use plantronics headsets. Its a massive company and I have been told that Plantronics has been the most consistent and had the least issues. And I have used the same headset for 2 years now no issues. They make a good product for the corporate world. And then when you look at current YTD growth they are down 8% vs LOGI who is up 95%. PLT also has a better PE and PEG. With a continual transition from talking less in person to more on the phone that means companies need more headsets. Again, not saying I'm investing currently but its one I'm watching.
The remix is also on iTunes, if you want to support the artist.

Search for "Ievan Polkka"; the one by Kiffness should be the top result.
Show me where I’m wrong gator
Our finest hour
Nice. Good luck bro
Is this supposed to be funny or something?
There’s videos on YouTube explaining how this dude, and a few others, got crazy leverage on robinhood through margin borrowing. just search for GUH robinhood
Oh, in that case try “not-from-here-trades.com”
[deleted]
Username does not check out.
Of course not, watch his videos. He now is 100% sure he will be rich in April-July, since there is 0% chance GME goes back to 16$
We still doing MT
I can't tell the autism from the dd anymore
Yea not a Biden guy, but accepted his win. Not sure why those that voted for him can’t accept that he won because of mail in ballots.
I love how lately everyone’s analysis has also included a subsequent crash. 

Gives me two opportunities to loose money
What it means to communicate today is entirely different than what it meant to communicate during the 1700s. The first amendment should be extended to be applied to social media, because that is a primary form of communication
Early close Thursday + 3 fully closed market days is like Santa came down the chimney and judo kicked me in the dick.
[removed]
🤣🤣🤣🤣 no
You drop luckin?  You deserve your chastity belt
[deleted]
I hope this is a joke. But if it isn’t, GME is the ticker to GameStop
I think the Biden admin is left leaning. They are just more practical with the approach on policy. I think he realizes that he can’t leave half the country hanging on policy. I mean the dude won the election even after he said he’s going to raise taxes on the rich.
Buddy please, I took trans gender underwear sewing
Well this sub is for retards what did you expect
We're both on WSB so I'm pretty sure we're both retarded.
Let me guess - art history major that cant find a job and lost the little money you had buying pltr at the top?
Wut
Buy shares of GME,and hold it for a few months. Literally cant go tits up, we have a billionaire on our side
I’ve told her I’ll hold my end of the bargain taking care of other costs to free her up in paying her debt down faster. I pay mortgage, insurance, bills, etc so she could focus 100% on debt. I think that’s a fair deal.
[deleted]
Plus500 is dogshit, just use Freetrade and buy stocks instead of CFDs
Same argument can be made with Apple computers. You are spending 10x the hardware you are getting.
Make volatility great again
This is great footage for the documentary they will make in 2022 about how one EV company scammed millions out of their investment
Well, future will tell.

I would love to fly to work with such a thing ;)
He has a big soft brain
Oy gevalt, you don't enjoy our anti-evil safety mechanisms?

You must be a far-right extremist.
Rich people plays golf. That’s when they talk to lobbyists
I m having the jitters , did massive mistakes last week and to recoup bought iwm 209c exp feb and tsla 670c exp 12/31. Am I safe?
I'd rather have cash
It's main purpose is still to exercise.  There's a good reason to never invest in things people hate to do, but feel like they have to.  Dieting, exercise ect.  The only exception is if the  product really does make the onerous task easier.  Like if the machine made you get fit by napping somehow(lol).  In that case throw every penny you have at it, and I don't care if we're in a bubble market.
Puts on Twitter
"Honey you're look amazing! I'm so happy I got you that PTON bike for christmas"

Dude's jacking off to the bike and I'm jacking off to the tendies.
Maybe its different per countrey? As a belgium citiszen i have none USA options except for 5 index options... thats it.. all other options are EU-options
Basket weaving doesnt pay well enough?
[removed]
Every older wealthy dude loves golf
this gay fucks 🚀🚀🚀
He has to sign the bill by today if not. Stimmy won’t be out by early Jan than the projected December 31st. The country is also facing a looming government shutdown on Tuesday and the expiration of a moratorium on evictions at the end of the year because of the president’s refusal to sign the bill.
I love the fact that with Infinite leverage this due decided apple puts were gonna make him the most money
RIOT and MARA calls
I gotta tell u something joe rogan, I smoke rocks
12 months for max gains
Not over yet. Gonna have to up my yoloing next week. Need to get up over 100% to finish the year in the black.
What’s good for the Uk then? Heard pluss 501 is terrible for scamming and we can’t use weebull or robinhood
This place is going to shit.
Dorsey controls Twitter, what do you expect?
If all generations buy and hold then the distribution of sellers leans towards the elderly while the younglings continue to purchase, ad infinitum.
[deleted]
Steve Apple
This Stimmy you speak of... What is it?
www.optionsprofitcalculator.com
Oy gevalt, thanks in advance for (((liberating))) Iran

Special shoutout to the denizens of Atlanta and Detroit
Welcome to NWO. The Party would like a word with you
It’s horrible.
Bet against the odds and you will be rich.
That may be true but if you are thinking about getting married to this woman, don’t think in these terms because it will set you up for failure. I would know because I did this exact thing. As long as she has a great paying job that will allow her to pay that debt off somewhat quickly, you should be good to go. You wouldn’t just let your spouse circle the drain is my guess. If she racked up that debt and is going nowhere, that’s a completely different story.
Congratulations!! Seems like a great year financially for you, what were the major percentage of stocks they helped with the gains
Tesla to moon. 

Only needed 3.
No, he’s not Irish
What happened?
[removed]
That’s an abnormally large amount of debt for dentistry
I need Biden to give me $10 k relief in student loans.
Tax on stock gains is 25% max in Germany
[removed]
Or just don't get married?
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
It’s interesting definitely could take off, I’ll be watching it for sure now, thanks
[deleted]
As others have said, just open a Roth IRA in addition to what you have. Everyone should have one anyway. You can maken contributions for 2020 until April the following year and the limits are $6k per year. So you could conceivably open one today and put a max of $12k in it on 1/1/21 (2020 and 2021 contributions).
Fucking Twitter is so gay now. Can’t like, comment or read anything without constant hand-holding and being warned of fake news. Bitch, let me decide for myself without you trying to sway my opinion.
I’m so proud of you!!!!
$ROPE
[deleted]
I don't get why all these Presidents like to play golf. Is it where they have all their secret meetings and stuff?
Im sure it was bat soup, surely the Wuhan Institute of Virology had nothing to do with it.
I’m sometimes wrong but I’m never right
I couldn’t get CFDs either on t212, shit platform
I hope this is a joke
Mango thinks the markets are open and Congress doesnt have to vote on such simple things.
Due to the nature of leveraged ETFs, they are meant to be more of short term plays, not long term holds. 

So if I saw good profits, I’d lock it in and wait for another entry. I didn’t mind holding if I got stuck on say a long TQQQ trade because I know it’ll eventually come back. But I get a lot more cautious when I long SQQQ because I know the market will eventually go back up and it doesn’t pay to be a bear. So if I’m long SQQQ and it gives me some profits, I lock it in quickly because we are clearly still in a bull run and I’ve learnt not to fight the broader trend. But if I get stuck on SQQQ for more than a few days, I will admit I was wrong and realize the losses instead of hoping for the market to drop.

So in short, during a bull run, buy the dips, short when the market is over-extended and do not be scared to cut your losses if you’re short. Bulls make money, bears make money, pigs get slaughtered.
Count me in
Nobody tell him

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/InvaderFM the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Why do you think it’s going to be delayed ?
Partnerships with Vodafone PT of 25+ before merger
You better delete this fucking spam before your wife's boyfriend gets home
Stonks only go up
Dentists make a ton of money though. If she lives cheap for a couple years she can knock that out quick.
Why would you want to leave him a burden when you die?
Stop asking dumb questions
I was watching a piece on India and when their elections came up I realized the US truly is even below a banana republic.
I bought NKLA $2.50p let's flush this turd.
In Robin Hood it says 6 percent chance of profit
A place that’s like a bar + restaurant but focused around playing board games for entertainment.
Delusional.
Thanks bud that put a big smile on my face. Hope you had an amazing Christmas and here's to a green 2021 for both of us
[deleted]
Hahaha I thought the "When the DD is longer than 10 words" video was post of the day, but this might be a winner 🤣
Gme
There's love for all ARK funds. All of them are incredible.
Stimmy is about to be delayed. Red by open on Monday? :(
The Chinese shills come out of the woodwork 😂 fuck the CCP and their micropenises
[deleted]
They’re not generating profits though, won’t even launch satellites that will make money until 2022
Ban
Not if I work for TSLA
[deleted]
Beautiful
lmao
Das ist der Weg
Don’t get married.
Don’t forget to sue for losses also!
No, I know you didn't, but there was even a lot of people right below you, who were giving him shit.  And of course a *bunch* of people elsewhere were.  This story was all over the internet.
ain't gonna happen kid, looks like your country is heading that way very soon
>don't understand SPAC's

Ha. I feel ya. Good luck!
He's not wrong, it's mindblowing to realize shitholes like India are more capable in this regard than the US.
[deleted]
Is this what happens to bears ?
Hes 65
Thanks for your insight. No 🚀 though so this may be bullshit. However I’m balls deep in SDC so let’s hope. 

Ps-delete this before the mods do
The best DD on PLTR so far. I'm in!!!
FYI short interest is actually higher than it was at earnings. The amount of shares available to borrow has gone down and interest rates have gone up
Everything I’ve read that debt that exists prior to marriage is that persons and not obligation to be paid by the spouse
Yes and no, my parents have a shared bank account own two homes and are milllonares. I don’t think they could get two houses with bad credit or budget and save that much money, but you let me know.
Technically everyone else that bought tsla after you made you rich
Guh
All in 🚀🚀🚀
Pot-o-gold-trades.com
Etoro
mods, if you're reading this just give me the fucking hammer. i have no life and i'm on here all the time
Too similar to ARKK. Rather buy the one with more options liquidity.
We'll see who has the last laugh. I'll be the only one with money left to buy the dip
[removed]
Chapters 2-11 all just say “See chapter 1”
Ur gonna get downvoted to infinity but I support u
[deleted]
This is a random anti Israel jab attempt. 

Israel is forever- only democracy in Middle East where you don’t get decapitated for being gay or forced into bag clothes. Thanks for trying
It’s on only Saturday fuuukkkk😩
😂
All of them need to be owned. Diversifying in ARK is the way
You think your asshole is sore ? Watch Melvin’s
I want op to lose everything lolz
It’s not lavable
Lol
O shit big F to BA holders
Stripping would have been more cost efficient. Dump her dumb ass.
It's pretty high. I think $137k-$202k AGI depending on if you're single or married. If that's you, you can always do a backdoor Roth where you contribute to a traditional IRA and then roll it over to a Roth.


Not shady btw - just a strategy.
Better call Saul
PLTR 30 1/8/21 full retard mode
In wall street, the dip buys you.
Calls it is
Only buy!
Democracy is dead. Election was clearly stolen and Americans were okay about it like sheep they are. It’s the elites that dictate what people will think and do
Mango gonna get us that $2k yolo cheddar.
Round number
Degiro does not have any good options.. none USA stock options at all
The most Guh a man has ever felt.
!!!kroW eciN
🤞🏻
[removed]
Pretty sure it only matters if my name would be on her loans. She took them out before we met.
Gtfo
[deleted]
Sorry, I’ve been banned from this sub.
Those that read this are still earning 7% pa
Yeah but I think 2000k might cause some hyper inflation 😅
200 shares only, will bail @ -10% or +25%, just playing with it, don't understand SPAC's
My wife and I have separate bank accounts and I know many married couples who do this. Regardless, that student loan will weigh both of you down if you get married. Once you get married, all income made is “our” money instead of just “your” money. So it won’t even matter if you have separate bank accounts. You will be tackling the debt together.
1. fuck ur mom
2. take her purse on the way out
3. buy tesla
Did mango just tweet the same thing again?
Fuck the ccp
He made me rich, so it's only fair I pay him back
BA puts. 

https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.nbcnews.com/news/amp/ncna1252366
Ya love to see it
Seems legit. I'm going to trade my dog for more margin on Monday.
I bought october and jan calls for both late summer. They were down the whole time, unsellable on robinhood. October expired worthless. Made 25-100% on jan calls when I sold a month ago. 3/10 would not play again. Way too slow. To think I listened to half a nymt conference call post ER to know to hold a little longer. Made a lot more off of nymt than mfa
Pleas make steel again
Why would you share bank with gf? Like gf 

Bug when u marry her you’re in with $450 k debt too, doesn’t matter if you share accounts or not
/u/jaydon1
[deleted]
Reno
Sopranos style. I like it.
BARK isn't trading yet, not till sometime first half 2021 as I understand
Open a coffee shop
Write it down and have it notarized. IANAL
I hear it’s explosive these days....
it’s pretty great to have a small one with two cards for grocery shopping
It’s literally that easy
New meaning to the term “die-hard fan.”
WSB is filled to the brim with survivor bias. All the people who got their accs wiped clean will just simply stop coming here. The only ones left are winners and those who got fuk hard but not killed yet. You are unfortunately one of the latter thats all
Is this in Russian
no coincidence the word 'autist' is hidden in your username
Stimothy
Your post has been removed because a single link is insufficient DD. Please review the following links before resubmitting.

Please note that abusing DD flair can lead to getting banned.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

[How to conduct DD](https://www.wallstreetoasis.com/forums/on-the-job-with-simple-as-my-research-process)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
You can always withdraw Roth contributions since they've already been taxed. It's the gains you can't touch without a penalty.
Chamaths biggest SPAC. that's all I needed to hear.
start a WSB hedge fun. all in 1/21 TSLA 1000c

lose it all

immediately get months of stimulus small business loans
This is the best way to do it. Then doesn’t create arguments over why you spent money on a PS5 and why she spent money on taking her boyfriend to the Lakers game
The timing of when you took that screenshot is giving me aids
Why the no love for ARKW?
Let's fucking hope so. Jesus.
If I want to leave my estate to Elon Musk when I die, how do I do it? I don't know his SSN, so how do I make sure it gets to him?
AUTIST
You wasted three 🚀🚀🚀 on a stock going up 10% and then coming down?
U mean start a private equity hedge fund 

Join tetha gang
Aunt with benefits
Vaccines are dangerous, more so than the pandemic
Still 200K at 35 with a kid and wife is impressive
Sell FDs to retards and live off theta gains
Funnel it into a trading firm llc
Shoot you're right.. maybe I'm the retard after all
Start a business
ban this low effort garbage
I think you’re ready to quit your job and do this full time!
Boomers
The summary of expected future applications I have seen estimates a $1 billion global market. Doesn't seem very large at all.
1. Sell your children
2. Buy Nio
Shared accounts? Who the fuck does that?
See reply ⬆️
Us GME holders are laughing, too.
[deleted]
What happened to the mods. All these posts are not good.
If you guys had a million to start your own business what would you do?
Anyone can do it. You just have to complete this word: f_ggo_
well good. Psth is already taken as stripe
It's says YOLO everything on NKLA calls
For her it was about finding the right types of exercises she enjoyed. She didn’t like running but she loved things like yoga. The classes were pricy but it was the gateway. She graduated to orange theory eventually and all is great.
The actual value of a stock nowadays is in how many retards will buy it. This is the only thing that matter.
To us being retards!
in a week, dont come back here asking why the vaccine didn't make PFE a 50 dollar stock
2000k is 2million dum dum
My gf is like a quarter mill. Shes not dumb and has the government paying them off though.
Yeah same
Am I using Reddit properly? Should I be replying to you in this thread? DM me I’m happy to tell you more.
>Election was clearly stolen from him bruh, his odds dropped when everyone on midnight when everyone was sleeping, coincidence?

Aliens
We could simply write to Daddy Elon, he will love it
Ya fuck Amazon. That's how I lost everything he ain't lying. I'm riding SHOP now. Join me
I think Sir jack a lot is wsbgod 2.0, the timing zjz leaves is just weird
Riot and Mara will be all anyone taks about for the next 3 months
Dental school is very expensive
Bro that would be cold blooded and hilarious
ye my Azimut S10 is better
Where did jaydon1 spent Christmas?
Pick a Pepe life story boys. 

**Reno or Full Moon?**
What?
So now that Mango is out, how long till Melania gets her OnlyFans page?
DU
$PLTR to the 🚀🚀🚀
Carplayed
I have separate accounts. My money is mine.
Rude!
i'm pretty sure they will IPO (as Musk actually said)
Source
Ticker: GAYKID
420 is the way
What’s the play
What's your basis for the PT?
A half a million?

Usd?

Did she get two phds?
Imagine...
you still in it?
Prestige Worldwide

Who wants picks and axes when you can have boats and hoes?
Could you source that mRNA  vaccines work on all current mutations claim? I’d love to read up on it.
Right there with you🥴
This
I can see why your family doesn’t like you
NIO day is just battery day 2.0, If Tesla cant present something insane to the public then what is nio gon do 🤷‍♀️
Guh, even Canoo?
Fuk
Put $135k into one stock about 3 months ago....my investment is now worth $244k :)
N p a will go meme god status, s r a c has a launch with spacex soon.  A p x t has ties with microsoft and b f t is merging with paysafe.  T h c b will boom on DA news as well
Stfu no one cares.
Ah that makes sense
🥳🥳
[removed]
Yeah dude google lady G
This is wsb, I didn't know I was expected to do any research before I started commenting.
Haha the legendary smooth brain
[removed]
I can promise you I’m not soft when I’m in the back of your wife.
And centrists are limp bizkits
Wait a couple of weeks and the Mongolian hoard will be pumping it again
We're more the 12-24 hour types around here.
Having kids (aka future slaves to China) is retarded
⬆️ *This is the way*
Up 30k on 180k initial. Id be up 60k if I hadn’t started as a gay bear. 
TQQQ UDOW CLOUDFLARE biggest winners. 
Now holding: cloudflare (net) crowdstrike (crwd), lazr (this one will be big up 5k already), MP materials, mvis (lazrs little bro) and Tesla cuz I got it cheap.
Lol I promise half of r/coys has at one point in theirs
Sometimes my fart smells so much like food that they make me hungry😖
[removed]
Q4 profit may fall short of expectations due to shortages, but it should still be somewhat profitable. I could see how the new consoles could be a beyond Q4 thing due to current demand not being satisfy due to shortages and scalpers, so the demands rolls over to Q1 and maybe Q2 of 2021.

Also then, as much as people like to say there's less demand for physical games, the disc version of the consoles are still being offer for purchase. There's still demand for physical copy of games for this new generation. Who know, maybe this is all confirmation bias.

💎🙌🚀
cnn should be banned ticker
People call me an asshole when I say I’m going to keep separate bank accounts when I’m married. Sure there will be a shared account for bills and shit but my gf has like 450k in dental student loans and I’m not going to be weighed down by that.
dip is just 'other up'
Men virginity don’t matter
4 was funny. 5 is too much
Oops. Didn’t catch the 2022. That is attractive. 

Nothing about earnings is driving this particular trade for me; I entered this trade with the intent to exit with profit by late Jan/early Feb.
True. Doesn't mean riding the waves is not a good play still. Just gotta dip out before it's too late, instead of chasing max possible profits.
If you dont double down on a chinese company you’re not american?
This meme going to the 🚀🌚, great job retards LOL!
If Elon starts making F-150’s would $F go to the moon?
Where's he spam bot ?
18 yr old more responsible then us 30yr olds
[removed]
Right wingers are gay

Leftists are retards
those lyrics deserve another ban im afraid
Will tell her to exercise and be healthy, because being fat can result to lots of disease. If not, I’ll dump
I’m sure your dad is smiling from
Heaven proud of how awesome his son has turned out
, , ,
Adam schiff arrested lol
You already know
Boooo! Don't explain!
I always likes Nigerian princesses better
Long to very long
How did you buy it just now
Imagine being cool enough to get a flair but having the gay one with random numbers
Shut your mouth little boy
Strong cope
 No.    U
Oh he knows and so does everyone else
So it’s ok to call right wingers gay but leftists are perfect angels that are non-binary in their bubble-wrapped safe places.
Priced in, Republicans will cave in anyway. It’s big stimulus vs medium stimulus
Yeah or just say you want to get fit and want her help.
i'm not interested in shorting it (or taking any short position on any underlying).  I'm looking for a positive upside but am interested in the bear case just to be more well rounded in the approach
I keep getting surprised at how everything keeps growing more and more so as of now in along for the ride. Just be aware we are dramatically overinflated and a correction could be around the corner so it makes sense to be tight with your stop losses
OR THE GUY IS JUST A LONER. NOT EVERY LONER IS GAY
Their end of year letter to investors gonna look fun 😂
xd
Uncontrollable short squeeze that takes a few trading days, very possible well above $100.

Slow burn TSLA-like short squeeze that takes months to unwind, $90 max imo.
Most users here aren’t looking to hold for a yr or two, tbh
I mean, they mine b coins. When that is unprofitable, stonk go down
No, "stonks only go up" for two, more immediate, reasons:

1. Passive buyers. The horde of 401k and IRA buyers are on auto pilot to buy index funds. They are always buying.

2. The Fed and the government printers are on.
This
Nice yea I was thinking to do a PLUG call but expiring like July next year. I also thought to do an MSOs call incase the Dems win the Georgia run off
If you short TSLA, you will seriously regret it.  Don't be the guy living in the refrigerator box next to the dumpster.
Reading the story thread is making me depressed. I can’t be the only one down in 2020?
Election was clearly stolen from him bruh, his odds dropped when everyone on midnight when everyone was sleeping, coincidence?
Lady G with the pump!
Buy some FDs with them.
Literally the whole world is pushing EV.  Check out what Japan just said.  I don’t see a republican senate stopping the steamroller.  They just passed more green energy tax credits.  If dems win they go really up if repubs win they go up up.
HIS NAME IS ROBERT PAULSON
This wasn't 2020. Do you not read the holy wsb text.

Retard.
20k of my own money, so it was a 10k gain in one year on stocks alone. Still not bad tho for someone completely new to trading. Could have been mostly luck 😅
“El chapo announced this Thursday that he is starting a joint venture with the CIA and the Sinaloa cartel. Insider says they will mainly work on EVs”
It’s French for Fiance
Could you please explain this in a simply way to Someone with 0 experience like me?
Double down pussy
It's not when you consider the months and months and months people have been struggling. We didn't have a worry in the world financially before this. Not everyone can do their job from home
His name does not check out
Just found out Lindsey Graham is 52 never married no kids


Yeah he’s gay he just doesn’t know it yet
If you can make $5M , why not $50M
sold for few thousand profit while ago
Yeah then add in the slang like “tho, dis, finna” and you’ve got an Ed Hardy type cult brewing from the bowels of WSB rejects
Nah, even if America pumps the brakes on cutting carbon emissions, here’s still other markets, eg Europe is going hard on green policy. Asian EV market is also massive. No worries.

Green energy, EVs, they’re inevitable. Load up on LEAPS.
I got banned for saying that Milton is a poo poo head
If you were investing during the housing bust, you know it can get a lot worse than 10-20%. People were investing in Lehman Brothers after the stock had plummeted thinking they were getting a deal. The CEO was saying all the right things, then it went to 0. 

I’m not saying taking more risk than SPY is wrong, but it is riskier.
[deleted]
Did he tell.you to buy PLTR 1/15 calls?
Good move.
Should’ve gotten a prenup
🔥🔥
Aren’t there limits on income to open Roth accounts? New to US tax system; thought it was the case?
Ozzy is immortal
ABML, they be recycling batteries which is biggest thing EV related so basically stock 🚀 🚀 🚀
Happy bday bro
[deleted]
GO EV
[deleted]
ABML
How do you motivate her? Hey babe let’s go for a walk. Maybe we should pick up the pace
Politicians don’t do anything

It doesn’t matter who wins whatever is going to happen happens lol

Joes been in office 60 years he never did anything

Trump was suppose to turn things upside down he didn’t do much

Obama  was hope and change, he did nothing. In fact my health insurance went up lol
sex me ms.
Seriously, who buys puts in 2020?
So what you're saying is... Jan 2023 synthetic shorts on FCEL?
Young military men In Afghanistan are election experts
[deleted]
Malleable Graham
You don’t have the stomach for this. You should check out r/investing
I wouldnt. Them and verizon just spent a fuck ton of money. At&t has an ugly balance sheet already. 

wait till final results of c band auction. if they didn't pull a miracle and actually get spectrum i would gtfo.
[https://i.imgur.com/2gYujZD.png](https://i.imgur.com/2gYujZD.png) im 21 and started in june this year, wish I would have been as autistic as you, volatility went down as I discovered WSB
Can confirm. Raw dogged last night.
this time is different, algo will buy every dip
I would note though that my positions in OAC and the gaming data business are in the warrants, not stock. I was quoting targets for the stock above. In OPEN, I have calls, similarly was quoting price target for the stock.
RIIIIDE THE SNEK
What if they refused?
With integrated chicken deep fryer. Can’t go tits up. 🐓🍗🚘🚀🚀
[removed]
Unfortunate Jack Ma has died due to a car crash. His body was never recovered. Xi = BABA puts
Did you just use “XD”
What’s the strategy behind never holding more than two weeks? If you don’t mind me asking
Im expecting that I will be taxed to death (had to take out money once to buy food for the month lol), but plan to use the maximum of my tax exemption order which is 801 european shekels a year in case do sell everything.
If I wanted to spend my life with that person I wouldn’t let that happen. I motivate my wife to exercise regularly.

If it’s just a gf that is just there then yeah prob
Somebody snek this man
[deleted]
https://i.pinimg.com/originals/aa/d0/fd/aad0fdd5af596c9c6c735ef7faf939ea.jpg
https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/1342832582606598144?s=19

Mango challenging the integrity of the election, is how we get the 2k stimulus. In case you were wondering what this is about.
Options for amazon are insanely expensive given 100 shares are 320k worth of equity. So unless you can time the split, or general increase, better off with stocks.
[deleted]
Why
say we make ev now = stock go up
Well, what did he want
What’s DD?
Probably a lot safer. But if you bought shares prior and they did a 4:1 split for example. Your 1 share would turn into 4. So you're single investment doesn't change at all until the stock price starts to change
Guys no need to downvote this man. OP asked for the most retarded move and clearly this is it.
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/Constant_Lack3821 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
You will come away from the test loading up on TSLA 790c 12/31 and think you did something good.  You’ll be fine.
Yea
u/Jaque8
Same 🤝
Lady G the name
The dip is up
This comment was neither clever funny or insightful. Shut the FUCK up

🤡

ignore the tards, can’t imagine writing a whole rant about them lmaoo
[deleted]
A ticker and a 🚀🚀🚀 is all you need

Example: PLTR🚀🚀🚀
2/19/21 4000C ganggg
[removed]
I think OPEN can get to $40-$45 if it trades at the same valuation metrics as Zillow or Carvana. It should arguably be higher. 

OAC / For Hims should be in the $20-$30 range after combination given its trading comps. 

The other one I have should be low $20s based on comps and given its exposure into sports betting and being the underlying data engine that powers DKNG and others.
BERKSHIRE HATHAWAY CLASS A
Only 420k$ 🚀🚀🚀
Could I the EV market crash if GOP win senate??? I think some few months out puts could be massive gains....
This comment made my whole day

9am
Name does not check out...
Or some college student's entire Robinhood account.
KFCar
Lol i was just waiting for it to hit 9:30
Anything that starts with P
This post made my day! 🙏
Username does not check out
Omg it's RK 😱
[deleted]
If your gf or bf got fat, would you dumped them???
I want my virginity back so I can give it to Cathie❤️
You could’ve just said crossovers, everyone already knows they’re gay
This sounds like his eulogy, he’s not dead yet.
-12 now cause One neg Is from me hahahaha, i hate those fake ass traders...
Pour some more of your wisdom juice on me daddy.
Even my baker is rotating from sour dough bread to EVs 👩‍🍳 🚀
[deleted]
RMG. EV battery SPAC. Merging this week with Romeo Power. Has options available. I’m up 1500% since November. 

Will continue to run past merger. My PT is $60 for January.
[deleted]
Those are way better odds than what I currently have.
I know. That idea would fail even if Apple was making it.
How’s spy looking next week
😎😎
PLTR 🚀 🚀 🚀
[deleted]
Thanks!!
Like a 6 but she’s good at plenty of other things. Just not driving
[deleted]
Ban this normie trash from sub pls. Clearly he has no concept of high level investing.
[deleted]
No
What's your march pt?
[deleted]
APPS and NNOMF
Groot: I am GME
[deleted]
Am I the only one that tries suck up farts with my nose before anyone else can smell them?
Mirin
[deleted]
[deleted]
All what she is getting is the divorce papers
🦧
[deleted]
You can also set up a standard custodial brokerage account as well. My little dude has a 529 and custodial account
GUH
You are to answer to your boss at all times like a good little muppet
English mother fucka do you speak it!?
[deleted]
Mines a savant; Highly skilled medical professional who cant do anything for herself outside of that scope.
The only people that annoy me on WSB are the nerds who keep recycling the same "I spend 5 minutes deciding on whether to buy Taco Bell but no problem to yeet $1000 on TSLA FDs, LOL GUISE AREN'T I CUHHHRAZY???!?!"

News flash: one of those things might actually make you more money while the other is just a consumed amount of money. You are not clever, funny, or insightful. Shut the FUCK up
So after then it’ll go up. Simple math
It’s been promising
Happy Holidays you little fucks. I love all of you retards
[deleted]
👍🏾👍🏾🤙🤙
That is true. The trading account is really just a way to get internet points.
This is the way.
Is it possible to learn this power ?
[deleted]
Yeah man all my money is on clean energy.  Enphase and plug 🚀🚀🚀🚀
Happy birthday bro!
Scuba Steve, damn you!
Yeah I guess there’s a chance it could still take a while. And Biden is promising to work with Republicans. Guess we’ll see. In the meantime.. PSTH 🚀🚀🚀
Guh
Fuckkkk
Haven’t been able to smell them for the 2 months since I had covid
[deleted]
Presidency. I read somewhere if he can convince Pence to not approve the electoral votes he can cause a house floor vote. But I have no idea how any of this works and would love to watch it for the entertainment potential.
But I enjoy the smell of my farts
[removed]
It’s my birthday today.  

Happy birthday 2020 to you guys
I am literally waking up right now from a dream where I YOLOd all my money in TGT weekly calls.  Target for gods sake!!  What a nightmare!
Dump it
'you don't have friends.' fixed it for you
Is this still something people believe?
✋🤡
So that’s why ur wife doesn’t talk
529 (my state allows $8K a year to be deductible on state return), setup a ROTH once they start making money(Max it out or whatever they max contribute that amount), gift them $15K each year and place that in a brokerage account.
I remember at the time just chuckling to myself and thinking what a retard he is, not expecting it to play this much significance later on
[deleted]
Buy Nikola shares. Can't go tits up
Lmao
It’s non collateral so might as well
PSA: If you can smell your farts, your coworkers can too
Wow
Cool?
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
Sir I’ll have you know that I am a Nigerian prince and am need of your yolo to defend my seat on the thrown from my brothas, if you were to yolo me the money to by weapons and hire men to fight with me for the thrown. this time next year I will have a 1:1 scale statue of you in solid gold made Up in your honor and will fly you here for a celebration and to claim it.
Anyone remember that really old episode of The Simpsons where Lenny and Carl are at Moe’s on a Sunday, watching the sun approach a line on the floor that means they can drink again?
🅱️EEKEND 🅱️OW
Wait there was an actual bombing in Nashville? I thought people were just saying that because Brendan Schuab had a show
Good on you for setting boundaries
Well.. this sub was fun while it lasted!
PSTH
Shoulda bought quantum leaps instead of weeklies
Lol it’s not like he learned from his mistake. He admitted a few months ago to rapid picking stocks on tv without doing DD. If you don’t want to be called out be more cautious. He recommended buying moderna while all the insiders were selling two days later it was down 16% from where people bought. That’s a pretty gut wrenching thing to see.
stfu if you’re fat
Great Lehman Bros hat. I’d wear that forever
Germany? What are the taxes on trading like there? Have you taken any profit off the table - if you have a big tax bill it’ll suck for you. But if not you might consider taking some money out in January as part of the car payment. You’re doing great but market swings are a bitch too. I’d also advise you to get a used car with a clean title. You’ll save 25-40% that way
Bump
Win what?
Nikola actually is a piece of shit and the stock price has rapidly reflected that.
Sell your house and get more
$CKSKR
She's still with me, so 2 or 3 at best
$GME
git gud dummy
[deleted]
Damn that sucks bro RIP
Do any of you guys know what the 5 year TIPS spread indicates? If you do, ELI5 please 

https://fred.stlouisfed.org/series/T5YIE
Hollly fuck i needed a pick me up
These are self flying vehicles.   
No stearing and no pilot needed.
[removed]
[deleted]
If you ain’t doubling down on your BABA calls, you ain’t American! 💎🤚💎🤚💎🤚
He knows the way
They literally don't have the tech to power the trucks, they had to rely on GM after Powercell (Volvo Spin-off) told them to fuck off since their business plans are shit 

Nikola's Director of Hydrogen Production is a man whose previous work experience comprises of pouring concrete driveways and subcontractor work in Hawaii 

They rolled a damn truck down a hill to claim that the Trucks worked
Saving for college is a waste of money. Just have them max out on student loans and hope it gets forgiven.
This Is the way
Solid shitpost, sidenote my reality check is trying to double jump
ok ok let's be serious, this shit has MAJOR potential. go all in.
Gaylord Graham tweeting out about wanting the 2k now
Where do these people come from?
I would say a 10 but she married me
There’s not a single number in your tinder match column
Non existent gay evs
3k to 20k to 30k on shares alone? JFC I wish I could do that.
What’s this referencing. I didn’t read the title.
🚀🚀🚀= buy.
EV Mario Kart
There is not a single number in the DD
70k—-> 1.5million. Charles Schwab just gives me errors on all my gains percents. But around 2000%
Good goy
Likelihood of inaction priced in?
Means everyone wants 2k stimulus except gop senate
So when it comes to saving for future children, how do you guys go about it? I know about 529's but Id rather not tie it directly to school. Just throw it into a money market account like one would do with savings and pass possession when they are 18? Wife and I are shooting for our first in 2021.
Lol you are retarded, it has risen over its ATH after an economic downturn. It lived through exactly what should have killed it. On top of that MMs are jumping in at these fucking prices, this is the floor.
I did nothing showed up
We sent men to the moon with ms paint
266 dollars a month. 8 dollars a day. Get me my monies!!
Type that question into Google ffs.
[deleted]
I have. It’s propaganda.
Stop choosing to be ignorant. Why is it that before covid, antivaxers were considered crazy, but as soon as a new vaccine comes out, people say it's some secret scheme? To what? Microchip you? Why would you not want to prevent a terrible illness?
$YOLO
He changed his comment
I'll watch.
It’s not a trend I’m betting on, it’s kinda like me watching nikola a few months back; it’s a piece of shit that people keep buying, I don’t get it but I won’t fight it
[deleted]
[deleted]
$MT
PLTR
I wouldn’t be surprised considering how simple EV is compared to a combustible engine
The golden rule is good enough to post good enough to cash out. But then you miss out on all the loss porn karma :/
Your portfolios the worst of the year
True words of autism
Retard approved tutorial
Lol. I prefer to not play this game.
Cunt
[removed]
It’s a New Years gift
[removed]
to think all this time all you had to do to destroy the world was to eat a bat

Ozzy Ozbourne had the ability to destroy our planet

instead he made it smile

good dude
Pray for some hype up to Nio day 🤞🏼
I FINALLY BROKE EVEN ON CLDR AND CAN SELL IT.
Some of it should go to US schools if all kids have your spelling and grammar.

Wait, I'm arguing with a Russian bot again. God damnit...
It’s a huge bubble that’s going to collapse this year
[deleted]
>give the money to Israel to kill little kids

People like you should be forced into some NK labour gulag for the rest of your moronic lives.
50 and as long as you can go out
It makes sense to buy shares or leaps, not 0 DTE FDs.
Children should be able to drink on holidays, so they will also be hungover and quieter the following morning.
I lived in Cali as a Washington resident and it was fantastic not paying those taxes
Dumbass
Show me the sound mathematics that led you to that conclusion and I’ll show you a unicorn with a 50 inch unicorn dick
only about a months wage for a glorified taxi driver
[deleted]
Okay
Is that app Robin hood?
[deleted]
$gme
2 grand for stonks, sign it!
Harris is a prosecutor. Put a lot of people away for weed.

People think biden admin is gunna be left. It’s a lie. Those people are very much centre and to the right of Obama
I think they misspelled fiance
Legitimately not. 

It’s a SPAC which is close to NAV with a DA for a company that is actually doing business and I was wondering why it wasn’t higher. 

Seems like all the SPACS with no actual business model are the ones pumping.

Besides, what have I said that was insider other than I work with them?  I didn’t say if they were doing good or not. I actually don’t know because I haven’t done any DD
People have been saying this exact thing about consoles for over 10 years. Maybe you aren’t so good at predicting market trends
He is me
Come talk to me when this hits $60 and I take a 4x on this.
Nobody reasonable is denying this bubble market is retarded overbullish.

But it's unreasonable not riding these mega-waves and parabolic stock rallies. Doubters and bears were saying to lock in TSLA profits when it was at $100 and look how wrong they were. And there are a hundreds of others that rallied and keep rallying. I watched a LMND bear talking how there's no way LMND ever goes above $100 and to take your profits because this is the literal high. few days later it's $130.

Truth is always in the middle - no stock goes up forever, but also very few stocks drop down 80% in one day or are possible to be predicted at literal ATH.

So, shut your mouth, you got burned and lost money on stocks. Guess what, so did I, lost quite a bit on REGN and MRNA. Lesson learned, don't trade shit you don't understand.

Good luck, and don't hold cash, it's worthless, it's an imaginary number that has no meaning any more, and is used to slavewage us into death.

EDIT: Also, fuck, happy cake day I guess. I have no ill will towards you, just tired of overly bearish attitudes when we are literally in the middle of the mooning phase which is gonna extend, in the worst case scenario, until March 2021. And I will most likely lock in my profits then, just because it's general good practice to sell before earnings... If it moons after earnings, well fuck, I might lose some profits then, but I'm OK with that too.
This wrong information. Look into the iron ore mining assets owned by X and MT.  Hint: Minnesota
Always had been interested in investing in the US market, so I put in a decent chunk of my savings in a US bond market fund issued by the local bank just this September 2020. Literally the day after the Federal Reserve pledged to keep interest rates at an all-time low for the next few years.

Pulled all of it once the 30-day holding period expired and poured all of them on TDA once my account was approved (filling out the W-8BEN gave me a glimpse of how Americans file their own taxes, very interesting). I have been placing at least 60% of my monthly paycheck since.

Half of my money is in US market indices ETFs, the rest mostly in the renewables market. A sizeable amount is for options plays, which I only limit to renewables as well. Investing in renewables in a way gives me a sense of fulfillment, knowing I'm placing my money for a greater cause.
Congrats! This takes the cake for best worst DD this year
Gimme my stimmy so GME can have it
[deleted]
[deleted]
fuck you and fuck penny stocks.
Also i hate people so I love social distancing
No democrat switches their values based on when trump feels like gaslighting the nation
Not looking good for me I’m red and they expire dec 31
GME to Pluto
My fiancé started trading first at the beginning of this year when we had to cancel our wedding due to Rona. He was making gains and convinced me to try too. So I started with $3k and started making a bit. Eventually added a total of $20k of my own funds, now I’m up to $30k. His gains are even better than mine. WSB has taught us we don’t know shit about options so we won’t go there... yet. 😂
[deleted]
[deleted]
I laughed when they were showing the lost souls and the soul was sayung "gotta make a trade, gotta make a trade"
Pretty sure the 5 years rule is for converted funds.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Psth
better start eating bats then and hope you catch a winner

go get 'em
Guh
[deleted]
Same
Psth
Which is better than 97% of this sub
If he vetos it gets bounced back. Typically with a veto proof majority (they have) they could just override him.

The question now though is whether or not the signatories will sign knowing he’s out against it. Politically toxic for majority of R’s to go against Trump, regardless. They face the threat of being primaries from the right, etc. Very touchy politics. Trump is in unique position of being lame duck but also a lot of power to destroy McConnell senate control. If he pushes it a lot, that’s that. They lose Georgia and the senate...
That's why I am making INTC my biggest position. P/E ratio is 8, so it's going to be flat when everything else bursts.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Yeaaaa I’m about to dip my cock in them. What’s your expiration date/strike price
remember Jade Helm lol
[removed]
[removed]
Where’s all my HVM and HVW at? 🤣🤣🤣🤣😘
Fuck me. I just realized it’s Saturday.. 2 more days??
Plenty of countries print money AND give money to other counties. Do you live under a fucking rock? Or just don't think very hard?
Perhaps.
I get pltr is a meme stock but it actually makes sense to buy
They say never to go full retard, but what If you quantum leap into one?

PLTR 35 1/15/21
[deleted]
I’m in the exact same boat dude.
I hope China goes bankrupt and then democracy sweeps through their land
My weed stocks need the senate to turn blue
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/RetardedDungBeatle the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Was this our first date?
Your attempts to reverse the whole human evolutionary cycle is commendable.
Anybody have a soccer stream for man I vs leicester? Tryna fire on some bets
Happy birthday
I got 185 shares of PLUG let’s go
PSTH must be getting close to announcing something.
[removed]
$PLTR
All these tickers and not one mentioned  of PLTR
If I can’t scuba, whats this whole thing even been about?
Directions and spacial awareness 1-3. Everything else 9-10.
Calls, puts, bulls make money, bears make money, pigs get slaughtered.
Just keep ur comment for urself next time. Thanks
You don’t have friends that work at those companies lol
Short week again next week you autists.
KFC going to start making EVs next. MSFT will have tons of competition.
Yeah, like bruh. Puts on GME?
[removed]
So by life savings, you mean the $150 Santa brought you for Christmas?
PSTH LOI is all i wanted for Christmas
Why would I care about a shit version of a PC that can only do 1/1000th of what a PC can do? I don’t see why consoles exist anymore beyond letting kids game without giving them access to tentical incest porn
What’s the next SPAC to go all in on?
You sir need a good ol’ sit down with r/pennystocks
QQQ yearly returns pre dot com bust. 

1995 - 39.92%
1996 - 22.71%
1997 - 21.64%
1998 - 39.63%
1999 - 85.94%

This is a fucking index fund...

Over the next 3 years QQQ would go on to lose 74% of it’s total index value. Taking 14 years to reach peak 2000 levels again. 

2000 - (-39.29)%
2001 - (-21.05)%
2002 - (-31.53)%


So, where are we on retarded yearly returns part-2??

2017 - 28.24%
2018 - (-3.88)%
2019 - 35.25%
2020 - 47.34%

.....

So from my estimation we have one, possibly two years of absolute craziness left...and then reality sets in. Like it always does. But the most explosive moves happen at the ends of cycles. 85% in 99 on an index fund!! 🤣

2021 going to be epic
No, I was completely asleep on the wheel - didn't think about it until I heard it passed. I will be a very bad Uber driver.
Bruh that movie was trash. I couldnt walk out of the theatre so I just walked out of my living room in disgust
If we get 2k Monday I’m naming my kid “stimmy”
[deleted]
Thought it was confiscated by the Feds?
$ABML
"naawww it just goes around the corner"
I think BABA leaps is the best way to go. I think we see a sharp rise once we get more clarity on the impact of the probe. I am looking into baba 2022 280 and 300 calls
Watch Soul movie, way better
Basically 2020 in one word.
If shartcoin pulls back, yes. Who knows where the next top is for that though.
Psth
$NOFAHQ
Not as trash as PLTR
You think $3,200 for the entire year is too much? Okay boomer
[deleted]
Good point. He’s either going to get the $2K for Americans to go out with some good will

OR

He’s going to hand the senate to dems and laugh at McConnell.

We are living in an alternate universe
$BAN
Happy to hear. The final straw for me was a recommended video behind all the lovey-dovey shit, a full on fucking lynching, I figured I didn't need that in my life.
[deleted]
Then hope 🥭 pulls off a miracle win
I watched WW1984 last night.

No bueno.  It was just no bueno.
NIO
SoCal = 125k base 10% bonus

27 years old
$FAHQ
Fuck. Im going to check my broker account. I better not have been holding PLT all these months...
I didn't even know he had a channel.  I kinda pictured him as a total stoic based on his "I'm posting this in WSB and not saying anything about it" style.  Kinda aloof, ya know.

He seems like good people in his videos, and I dig the fact that he's doing this for his family.  Makes me want GME to moon even more.

And thanks DFV for the award in a previous thread.
Very punchable face
Dis is de wae
I wish
Cause u and I have calls
What about ICLN?
See if you have an option for opening up a self directed brokerage account that you can move part of your 401k into.
You're right. Probably better to just get out of the sector altogether and move into PLTR.
Thanks! Appreciate the effort you are putting in.
*>1776
imagine being down 65% YTD through the greatest bull market in history
It dumped 20% last session 

It’s gunna keep dumping that until it goes back where it belongs, 0.50
NGL I was really counting on unemployment back pay. Going from 10k plus $1200 to only $600 total lol. I give zero fucks if anything passes. Happy Holidays retards
You belong here.
https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/f1e46g/-/fh4si9q

Best I could find, if you visit his account, the error is 403 - forbidden. If he deleted it, it would be 404 - not found.
9.5-10
[removed]
Smart, if true.
whats Roblox porn?
Don’t think much of it
$FGGT
That's a tricky question. I'm not really that great at it yet. I usually use short term swing patterns to figure out what I'm going to buy, but I also rely heavily on call outs from a discord group I'm in. A friend of mine told me something when I was first starting that is pretty true: "there's a lot of ways to learn, but most of the good ones aren't free". This group cost me a little bit to belong to, but so far it's helped me, including education and calling out plays that I can try out while I'm in the learning process. There's some free videos on YouTube that go over patterns to look for in options trading, too. I don't know if you've traded stocks before, but there's a lot of similarities; it's just a lot more volatile.
To be fair no Republican should be cozy without trumps support. 

I don’t think people realize how much contempt most right leaning people feel for their own elected officials (minus trump)
This guy fucks
for wasting my fucking time
See this isn’t true at all because women are terrible at everything.
[deleted]
What's it like thinking AT&T is actually the only phone company?
Is this correct? Are you a fucking robot?
You’re high if you’ve ever even thought about a third stimulus
It’s her blowjob skills we should worry about mate
[removed]
gay
[deleted]
Youre right, Boeing are screwed....
Why can't NIO just go back over $50?
Bc they are clowns without direction and got wooed with free stuff. Then, they had to shoot brown people for no reason and they didn’t like it anymore.
I seen it work!
A tranny?
ahhahahaa
Im in for 90 shares on plug
A simp for pool boys
Your wife is like a 3 but her boyfriend is really smart
Investors hate this one secret
ban
7
What's it like being both poor and dumb?
Judging by my bank account I highly doubt that.
i bet you'll be far more depressed than you currently are after you guaranteed lose that 20k
[deleted]
It is quite a lot for us poorgang
Im perfectly fine with 2020 levels of volatility continuing forever
She thinks shes at 20 which is all that matters
They have a free file program but I think your income has to be less than a certain amount.
Mango: "The Big Beautiful wall... umm Soybeans... umm China Deal... umm Immigrant Invasion... umm Healthcare... umm Stimmy Checks... are COMING!!!"
Sometimes 11, sometimes -1
Next you'll be telling us that people actually use meters and liters and shit...
Sell naked puts, much better
The #1 tip nobody has said- relax. Be super relaxed. The less you tense any muscles above your neck, the easier it’ll be. Just let it in and enjoy the experience.
Would a Microsoft EV be a luxury car or a economic car? I don’t view it as quite the luxurious brand. When I think Microsoft I think shitty Windows computers at my old public high school. I just don’t get how they would brand this. It would have to be a spin off IP and it would stand no chance against Tesla or Porche. The Windows Car™ would have to either be the lowest costing EV or the EV with the best tech. I don’t think Microsoft will have either of those advantages. This is just MS trend hoping



Maybe the Xbox car. It would be a huge meme and people would buy it for that reason
[deleted]
They don’t like truth round here parts
What were you thinking? Did you not think prop 22 was going to pass?
WUH
Reassess in april
[deleted]
He’s a WSB legend
How would you rate your wife from an intelligence level 1-10?
Ban /r/wallstreetbets
In a way, it’s repeating the roaring 20s. That decade started with people healing from a deadly disease, depression, and the stock market in a bubble.
"Overwhelmed as one would be placed in my position. Such a heavy burden now to be the one.
Born to bear and bring to all the details of our ending… to write it down for all the world to see.
But I forgot my pen
Shit the bed again
Typical"

Maynard James Keenan,
Tool - Rosetta Stoned
[deleted]
Isn't this all based on the fact elon replied "good idea" on fucking twitter to some random who proposed doing this? seems like clickbait.
learn how to spell. your spelling is fuk, so rong, dunt knuw nuting? dik
well done. next time just buy calls
Someone rang!
Why all that anger tho? 😂
Bi. Last ride I did with her she was talking at length about how she’d never been with a woman before the girl she’s engaged to.
That’s what you get for being a 🌈 🐻
You just said “what year” so yes
Apparently enough that ex can buy a new car every year with my child support.
$STD
Anyone else obsess over getting the Xbox for months and then you’re just like “is this all?” 1/8 1/22 FEYE 23c 25c
im on wsb do you think i have insurance.
fuck you and fuck penny stocks
Republicans: wtf I love 2k stimulus now


Democrats soon: the 2k stimulus is a terrible idea
paid out 29th next month
You need some oil on that homie. Your body won’t be able to absorb the fat soluble nutrients from the spinach
Say it with me guys „guuuuuh“
I wouldn't know. I have T Mobile
This sounds really promising, I have two questions though:

What if this ends up like the oil tanker where despite 
WSB predicted a strong ER it still went tits up because the market understood the only reason ER was strong that time was because of the special circumstances? https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/gd01t7/serious_on_the_oil_demand_crisis_and_why_you/

What my question is, you said the steel price will drop back to normal once supply can meet the demand, won't the market trade according to that information? That a strong February earnings for MT is only temporary and the following ERs won't be nearly as good?

EDIT: OP addressed the question above in a different thread, see https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kjg7nh/mt_update_3_and_why_it_will/gh39w8j

Another question, isn't low sales volume and high steel prices equal the same revenue as normal sales volume and normal prices? Can we really be sure MT will have a strong ER in February just because prices went up (but not the sales volume)? Selling 10 items for $1 gives the same revenue as selling 1 item for $10
[deleted]
This sub sucks now
You cant escape sucking my cock
You don’t like money??
Amd just like the iPhone 12, it won't come with a battery charger and if the windows break or crack, you have to take it to the Apple store.
[deleted]
Despacito 2 to the moon 🌙
O ya! Is it 🦓 MR. BREADFRUIT
[deleted]
Fucking best 15 seconds of TV i ever saw.
Rereading it I see how it sounds like satire but it’s true lol. Still a great plot line
ask your mother next time you fuk
Dreamt about G H I V
This is what he is referring to: https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/gd01t7/serious_on_the_oil_demand_crisis_and_why_you
HIS NAME IS ROBERT PAULSON
Time to short MARA

It’s going to $0.
>20222  
>  
>  
>  
>we'll all be dead by then anyway so it doesn't matter when they plan so many millenia into the future
They might just be working on controllers software and hard wear for them. Which I think would be the smart thing they might make one as a joke though.
Did the retard say what year?
I’m honestly looking at their premier now that you mention how easy it works.

Would cost a little under what TurboTax premium does, thanks will probably go with that!
Chinese startup trying to reinvent the helicopter? You may make some good swing trades but that business will fail.
Lindsey is such a simp
Ban for stupidity.
[deleted]
Wrong version
Yeah - all I saw was ‘🚀🚀🚀’ and ‘buy calls’....

I’m in with shares now and 💎👊🏻 while buying dips and sometimes peaks just for the rush of it. 500+ shares.
[deleted]
Quantum leap... Aka the greatest television show ever created.
[deleted]
They took out a make communications backbone hub for the southeast.  911 service for the state was also down yesterday.
Senator Sycophant Lindsey Graham is now publicly supporting the $2K stimulus after spending xmas morning golfing with POTUS.

Hilarious turn of events.

Big Pump coming for the boomer stocks this week. And probably everything else.

PSTH LOI? FNMA Freedom?
Makes it worst
How many fucking EV companies are there now?  32? Who’s next, Nintendo?
Zinggggggggg
God you are a simp
[deleted]
I lost
Calls on elons ego
To bad the sub can’t flair this type of post as speculative. Nothing substantive to share - don’t share. 

If there is more to this ‘hunch’ I’m all ears (eyes). If not stick to eating crayons and playing in the corner.
The same thing everyone says here, you only lose when you sell. Well, with shorts, you only lose when you cover (ignoring dividend pay outs). They have diamond hands and they are going aren't going to paper hand it.
[deleted]
Lmao and he has the gain flair too
How long are we holding GME for guys? When do we think it will be time to sell?
Will there be any BABA news coming out on Monday?
[deleted]
Someone pleas put this mans face on a running Forrest Gump, TAG ME so I don’t miss it, and title it “FORREST GUUHH”
Hahahaha wtf is this from
[removed]
What if the theme for 2020 set the tone for the coming decade? 🤔
👌
He probably spent $10 k for awards to flex, which is peanuts to these fucking gains
The Titanic was unsinkable.
Honestly I fail to see how $1k per month will hurt the US economy or companies. It’ll prolly help people who don’t have a job or running tight on bills. If you go to Asia or Europe, you’ll be surprised even though their median income is not as high, they don’t have the same financial anxiety most American families do. Also from a capitalist perspective, we vote with our dollars.
[deleted]
[removed]
You can’t escape the truth, it never stops
Am I too late for free awards? Fuck man
[removed]
Bullish AF on Uranium market. Thinking of being a pussy and just going all shares instead of trying to time it
im gonna have to get a CPA this year
[removed]
I’m holding gme for the reasons you said and trading 212 would not let me get cfd
Hey Job 

It’s me ______

I would like you to transfer all my 401k and Roth account money to RH so I can yolo more

Kthxbye
See retards, you don’t need to gamble FDs to get rich in less than a year
March was really rough on my mental, but im glad I didnt sell!
Trump tweeted, 2k coming boys. Bubble getting bigger ride that shit up
Take every shot we give you goy. Stop asking questions.
[deleted]
Teach me your ways sensei
Savant shit
[removed]
Imagine using technicals on Tesla
That he's Roaring Kitty?
You gotta grow some balls
Why AMZN?
Thank you
People with brain damage also outperform the general population. Coincidence?
[removed]
This kid is clearing living in the year 3000 and somewhere Elon Musk is brainstorming.
Questions not allowed, Retards!!
Guh
OPTI is the big one already up over 100% goal is 1,000% or more
SPRICH
O rly
Aiming for sept 2021, “once the virus is over” 🤣 yeeeeeah not happening until 2040 at least
[deleted]
Pretty sure they're salaried. Besides, they make the majority of their income from insider trading
Pixar never misses tbh
I’m pretty sure this was the first thing I saw on this subreddit when I discovered it.
Hindenburg research right here
[removed]
whats funny is i was playing Cod last night and this guy on the team was a fuckin retard. his username was GUH and his clan tag was WSB. I knew that fucker was retarded
[removed]
I bought PLTR 🇺🇸
Stress has been getting to him recently, puts on his cardiograph
[deleted]
You are missing the point, they invest in their country and people
[deleted]
So much this
Unfortunately, they have a cult sub reddit (r/nikolacorporation) where they'll ban anyone pointing out the obvious. They are spinning anything as positive news, like GM getting out is good because now they can concentrate on their own efforts and their trucks.

Its really sad, because these are the scam artists that rope people into this bullshit and brainwash them. Although right now it seems the mods arent paying attention, there is a lot of negative energy in the sub by their standards. Maybe you can even slip a hindenburg meme in.
Amazing how they came to that conclusion.
The Nashville bomber had T puts
Revealed what?
[removed]
There a big spike in Humble energy when the Tesoro/Humbl SPAC was first making waves
Yeah, he was at $2 million then down to $900 k and peasants were commenting like they better than this dude.

Congrats bruh. You got big balls , respect
>paying taxes
They sell it in the chips and salsa aisle, I believe.
Any reason to be skeptical of PCPL? They have a DA with E2Open

I work for a company that directly works with them everyday, they work in e-commerce and networking and already provide a product/service.

I’m new enough to the game that I don’t know how to do a proper DD but it seems like a company that probably should be trading much higher than it is right now as far along as it is
Retard alert 🚨
BtokerGe account
Hold big data ain’t going no where
There's actually an ARK mutual fund but the expense ratio is crazy high
Markets arent open for u.k
This is correct.
POOT?
BUY HIGH, EXPIRE WORTHLESS
I live 1.5 hours from Nashville and the WMT and other stores are cash only today due to the bomb yesterday fucking up T's shit. Crazy.
Depends if the market priced in the expected change. I won't make any plays on it.
We need a “where are they now,” post
One of us
calls for MT? Ive never done calls before but im thinking $30 April 16th.
Maybe if it was 2022.
Just watch Drone Racing League to get your jollies off
Sick. Supposed to snow today, otherwise hasn’t been much snow.
!RemindMe 12 weeks
G I K , T H C B , G R S V  , any spac 📈🚀
Pharma products derived from Cannabis apparently
Be nice. Merry Xmas to you.
V ERB anyone?
ETF
Tf did I miss this time? I barely leave this place for more than half a day.
had to live cheap to post gains
You realize that 1k a month is coming from your taxes which will likely be increased, right?
Palantir Christmas 🎄
You joke but I don’t think I’m holding anything but bbby lottos after Jan 5th (Jan 6th is when the big trump rally in dc is where he basically said be wild)

If something truly retarded is going to happen it’s going to happen this year
Actively managed index fund???
Monday going to be green af for UK
You're all gay
We just have to wait for the iCar SE.
yooo I’m at snowbird Monday
[deleted]
Goodnight boys
Take profits on PLTR before lockup period expires then buy the dip or hold
[removed]
I thought the point of this sub was for people to make money? Super false allusion for anyone new coming in here trying to actually make money I am so disappointed
GUH!!!!!
Good point
I am here to increase the knowledge. PLTR 1 million EOD
Hey I know who Nassim Taleb is too 🤝 nice
Started day trading US stocks from a shares ISA on trading212. Like many others the reason for this was because I was suddenly working from home. As a software dev i have lots of time to commit without risk of interruption. Currently have £25k but haven't used my ISA limit and don't need to, so I won't pay any tax regardless of how high (or low) it goes. I've moved some of the profits out into a separate investment account with long term boomer stocks, but I'm going to stop doing this until we know if the UK gov is going to change the capital gains rules. If they do then I'll be keeping everything tied up in my ISA and make early mortgage payments instead.

Fired it up in August with an aim to get .5 to 1% consistent returns per day, which I have achieved and then some. I have a watchlist of circa 20 volatile non-penny stocks that I monitor for sell-offs of 1% or more. I buy the dip at my best guess at a pivot, doubling down at each 1% if it keeps dipping. Once it appears that it has upwards momentum I go in heavy and set trailing stops to maximise profit. I wasn't sure if this method would work in a bad market but surprisingly the bug pullbacks have given the best returns.

The big risk is failing to differentiate between an institution making a big sale, and a fundamental issue with the company that hasn't appeared in the news yet. I've become more risk averse after a couple of burns so if the rate of the drop increases I bail at a loss rather than take a chance.

I rarely hold any stocks overnight except when there's heavy end of day profit taking that leaves a stock looking likely to rebound by the next session. The only UK stocks I trade are those that are highly liquid but exempt from stamp duty. There aren't many so my trading day really begins at 14:30 GMT.
Hmmmmmm 🧐
He would have more than doubled his money if he had bought stock
I’ll be rich cause I’m loaded the fuck up on clean energy 👌
If baba rises price would you sell at?
Man one guy I was testing it literally was not stopping. Like most people you run into something and you can’t go any further. This dude though, if I wanted, I could have shoved the entire swab in there and have lost it.
Nikola brooooo
Park City
exactly.
Since /u/Deepfuckingvalue has revealed himself and is going offline for sometime is he going to sell GME now?
Same 🤔
There have only been a dozen 737 Max flights this year. This incident makes up like 10% of all 737 Max flights for the year...
Zyzz brah
Part of the KFConsole line of products
where at
[removed]
Technicals on Tesla not that good tbh
That is still a fairly typical portfolio. People who have it don't follow market news closely because they don't need to.
not too risky? you think BABA is going to move that much ? for christmas your foster parents should have given you back to the orphanage
Unemployment is not supposed to be a full wage replacement. You need incentive to get back to work if you were laid off. The extra unemployment benefits along with the already in place state UB is a vital lifeline. It’s not NOTHING...I had to have it for 5 months starting in April. And it paid my bills until I found another job...this narrative that the US government is doing nothing to help people is ridiculous.
[deleted]
fair enough lol - guess I was not saying I enjoy the virus being around just my working from home 😂🤣
My step mom is a financial advisor and I usually get a $100 check from dad & her for Xmas - nice.

Yesterday I went over and pulled out a check for $1,000 🤯

I said “is this correct?!” And she winked and said “it was a great year in the market”

Decent
This
You write like a stroke victim. No god can cure your retardation.
Narrative will begin soon.   2/19's.   Once it moves, it moves.
$27 but $30 doesn’t seem unreasonable. This is the year of unending profits for the cybersecurity stocks
do the ARK funds count? one of those
May his memory be eternal
Solar and clean energy wil be like what marijuana was like when Joe will be in office. I see PLUG $100 and TAN $250 in 5 months
[removed]
You’re a 🤡 for getting your sister, mother, and father involved. Your brother I could understand
[removed]
you thinking that this will affect T’s already shit stock is hilarious
[removed]
No ETFs, only mutual funds
Don't think you're smarter than the market.  Better to catch it rising than dropping.
Is it too late to ride this along your way ?
How many holdings do you have that match some bullshit analyst’s PT? I have zero
[removed]
good morning, how’s sir jack a lots cock taste
I don't understand.  People know what 'bankrupt' means, right?
Patient 0 is the biggest chad of all chads and the most patriotic Chinese patriot to ever live

He brought every major empire to its knees by bankrupting them

He ruined the economy of the planet and opened the door for Chinese influence world wide

He single-handedly destroyed all of China's enemies

He has single-handedly created so much drama that anything China did was swept under the rug

and he did it all on his fucking lunch break of bat soup last year.

What have you done for your country?
PLUG calls are literally free tendies
Wait for the next correction then QQQJ
I hate this sub now
[removed]
6-700. Sometimes I swap for voo or arkk
[deleted]
I like how when Democrats put a bill across it’s a stunt and unrealistic but if GOP does it needs to be “accepted”. No wonder this country has moved so rapidly rightwing. “Compromise and unity” is really just doing Republican or Republican-lite policy.
A malfunction that happens to literally dozens of planes every year isnt close the same as a plane crashing and killing 160 people
He can only read in dreams.
Deliberative Diagnostics
voller autismus + android du bist echt am ende
Born 18 years ago. All-In on the fastest market recovery. Post gain porn on WSB.
You, Sir need to play the lottery.
200 a week aint nothin. Proposed additional 300 a week. 2k a month aint nuthin to write home about
Holy shit, calls on Newspeak
I was a dividend only investor for the past 6 years, noticed portfolio dropped as much as growth stocks in March and saw growth stocks shooting even higher. Found YouTube channel specifically chicken genius to open my eyes on a new way of investing as well as Cathie Woods. Bought TSLA, NIO, PLTR and in 6 months 2.2x my entire portfolio. Also learned about concentration on your highest conviction companies. Went from 25 dividend stocks down to just 2 stocks (TSLA & PLTR). Will add a 3rd stock in 2021.
weekly TSLA OTM calls aren't exactly 2 year SPY LEAP call
i don't know what your talking about, i checked the tables this morning, the volumes is low for those months, only July  @ 16 as 1.1K in volume, Using Tastyworks.
You can roll your 401k/403b into an IRA account wherever after you leave a job. 

Usually you cannot do it while you are at that job.
my man
It's when your losses go negative by accident.

Very dangerous situation to be in.
Spxu tza
Do any of you retards consider COT report during your gambling and DD?
Go balls deep in ARKK pls
The news stopped being about reporting the facts long ago
sir this is a human organ factory
[removed]
Surprised, thought most utility scale was developed on private land then sold through PPA. Scary to think NIMBY are blocking even Solar Panels.
I can only trade index funds in my 401k. Which one should I YOLO on?
i break 100k usually.
Not the same at all, retard
Nah I'm retarded, I barely know how to read. Title.say price go down, so more moon, but I guess the rocket ship will still lift off 🚀🚀
Plenty of countries print money out of thin air and it ruins their economy
Hahahah love the BM. He probably can't pay for internet.
Never
You belong here.  Wait until you get a call Monday from cc Fraud dept
My job is super flexible. My wardrobe wants to go out though.
How is your $ZOOM play doing?
Statistically the returns of the average daytrader after fees is marginally better than the market... And that is with the addition of great uncertainty and a lot of manhours. Also statistically the more trades placed the lower the performance, as degenerates make daily plays regardless if there's any good ones available. The stats still allow for handfuls of genius level traders, and you and I aren't among them.
You don’t want it
So the main purpose of stimulus is to provide billions of dollars worth of millitary arms to the middle East to kiII children or to help disadvantaged Americans?
I read this recently and couldn’t believe how outdated his opinions are. I have no doubt this method would have worked back in the day but any notion of an efficient fair priced market is dead in the water in 2020. Stocks move from hype and social media a huge factor, something he could have never foreseen.
Who's the lucky guy?
Any company getting into EV at this point is way too late. Not to mention Apple’s will cost 500k
There are plenty of us, dumbass. So quit trying to rally the troops.
It was probably my money from the calls I bought last week.
Ask me again in 12 weeks.
I strongly believe in my company. If I believe enough I’d sell all my stocks at double and dump that money in to calls.
Have you heard of PLTR?
WTF is Roblox. Is this like Neopets
We will see. I’ve read insiders have been buying up the stock which typically means good things ahead. My cost basis is $2.92 so I’m happy with that.
Sales force is July 2021
I use Tax Act because it makes reporting my bithcoin taxes a lot easier. I just upload a PDF file and I'm done.
Won't catch me in one of those death traps.
Soul movie is actually really good
hey guys, if they see u can do the job from home? whats stopping them from just hiring people from over seas and doing the job from there alot cheaper??

GO BACK TO WORK!!!
My offices are still closed but I’ve been going in cuz sometimes i just need to get out of my house.  But last official word was that we’re not looking to reopen until the summer. But i also don’t think we’re going to make it mandatory if people don’t feel safe going back.
Bannnn
It’s already a meme stock. It has a higher market cap than any of the government contractors doing way more cool data projects than they are. Look at how it compares to GDIT or Leidos or BAH and it just doesn’t make sense.
I don't think I will 👨🏻‍🦳
We need more billionaires 😎
4 th of July
This is a nothing story. Some people will panic sell on monday, we might see a 1-2% dip. get on it while you can.
NET 100c 2/19. Enter this week. dont hold through earnings
There are dozens of us
Just got an email from Roblox because some kid out there accidentally put my email in as his parent’s address. I hit verify so ol’ sport can start blowing up mom and dad’s credit card.
7!
He don’t give a fuk about that, dumbass
If you look on the fact sheet it will tell you maybe in the prospectus it gives you a better description. Its 0.75 a year
That’s nice. Won’t have a single impact considering Apple was on it since 2014 and after announcement price didn’t move
Delete this
I love the true veterans. There is zero hate, from me towards them. Nothing but respect. Hell, my grandfather graduated from West Point. My issue is with the asshats who think they deserve the world because they “served their country” aka I didn’t have a job at 18 and left bumfuck Missouri to see the world and somehow I injured myself, on my Air Force deployment to Japan, and now I get 40% disability pay, but I don’t want to talk about it as it brings back bad memories of getting hurt.
Lol also you aren’t supposed to be able to read in a dream.
$40 EOY 🚀🚀 😭
Fixed☺️
Unless it turns around and heads back to $3 which it loves to do
They got something to do with the vaccine ? Any information ?
[deleted]
35k with night diff
Suck my dick ret€rd
pleas*
I bought 1300 expiring 12/31. You're saying I'm good?
Ok makes sense then because I wondered how tf can you save that much in that age. Hope you have a nice ride in the future too
Just a counter point...the $600 or $2000 is just supplemental to ALL people. The people that lost their incomes and jobs are receiving unemployment benefits.
A lot more than you think
Your moms pussy
First time posting here... I wanna make some fucking tendies
I remember people saying this after the first crash...
I'm all about those GAINS
Fedex pleas fly again
When VGAC hits it’ll be huge
You got me at “Peter Thiel”...
What should i trade as a beginner? I have the same amount. Should i start trading Stocks or fx?
Apparently everyone is making evs now, scheme to shit on TSLA 🖕😒
Yup, inherited around 10,000 european shekels last year. Invested it to buy a car, but ill hold for now.
Same. Which could mean poverty if you ignorantly live in San Francisco, or upper middle class if you live in bumfuck flyover state, or anywhere in between really.
fuuuuck that I so don't wanna go back to wearing clothes everyday lol

I work somewhere that was largely flexible before, 0 chance my office ever goes back to a formal 5 day 9-5 schedule
Even 10k is quite a lot or am I just extremely poor
This is the way.
Just wait for the stock split and ride the monster to tendie town
Ban
Giving Tesla share owners first opportunity
Fuk u
You will bring me 2 inches? Sorry, I don't speak retard so I had to translate. That's what you were trying to say right, you have a 2 inch dick?
[removed]
What does DD mean
In a room full of retards, you stick out.
Tough ticker, but I think it’s about to 🚀
Looks like he started with less than 10k at 18
Where’d you hear the 19k break even piece?
I suggest you confront your gayness
You did a thing nice
[deleted]
As much as I love fucking around on Reddit, I can’t wait to socialize with people I know, in person, at work. No clue on when they’ll let us though.
Why would t drop? This is a stupid theory
Yes but they are not nearly as reliably or aggressively explosive as literally any amount of hydrogen
Does anyone use anything other than the deluxe version of turbo tax?
How much steam does XLE have left?
I would hardly call my comment bitching. I used an acronym. Then some douchefuck assumed I liked trump because of it. How in the fuck was I bitching about CNN you fucking splooge eating fuckface? Shut your fucking bitch mouth unless you're opening it for my fucking cock you cunt.
18yr old with 29k trading account?
#MakeWSBGreatAgain

But in all honestly, I feel like new mods are needed or soon a new sub will pop up
we WON the market. Thank you.
Yea, alot of vets think it's something they are entitled to. People like you described usually get caught. Not always though. Funny enough, we catch a lot of people from other vets, or friends who think they dont deserve it and will send us pictures of them doing activities they "cant" do because of their "disibality". 

Disclaimer: dont hate vets, im a vet myself. But lets be real, most vets are entitled asshats lol
Any SPAC gives like 1,000% return. Or buy NIO leaps for 2022
I take that back . All in JMIA
Sounds like you had options.  Well the company will do the spaceflight next month so if you can hold on fo your position
Anyone here work in an office & know when your company will start going back in? I work in a company in NYC and we still have no idea when we will go back to in-person. It’s looking like at least April-June at this rate
So you’ve never heard of Entropia Universe I’m assuming.
[deleted]
I started in January and I'm up 1,000%+ since then. 9k ---> 112k.
Yeah. Also, Ackman has been incredibly kind to the minority underwriters. Giving those jobs to smaller minority run banks and credit unions etc. Aka the little guy
You mean the... six severe allergic reactions to the vaccine reported in the U.S. out of 270,000 administered doses?

That’s 1 in 45,000 people suffer an allergic reaction to a vaccine that will save the lives of many times that (not to mention prevent the weeks and months long recovery common to COVID-19 even when it is not fatal).

Believing this is a huge concern to the stock price is like believing a GMO method used to produce a vaccine is going to invade your cells and turn you into a a mutant GMO creature: it’s irresponsible and should only be used to identify which news sources are trying to terrify you rather than inform.
Brothers in GME. Retardation proven by our portfolios.
[deleted]
Stop being a lil bitch & just buy puts already I have 7 puts lol
[deleted]
ahh this gave me more satisfaction right now than the absolute A+ shit i just took. I hope it is true, bless your soul. Except if youre a gäy bear.
This would happen nowhere in the world. Only in America, they can print money out of thin air, but instead of helping Americans they give the money to Israel to kiII little kids. News of $600 stimulus checks market rallies? Can't even get ones Tesla stock.
All American news, yes.
This is something conservatives have pissed me off on. As a conservative myself I’ve watched as our representatives have screamed about spending throughout the Obama presidency, even electing a ton of fiscally responsible people. They seemingly forgot all about that once Trump came around, and NOW they find their balls? Even all my friends who used to complain about spending have completely forgot about that complaint. There are two honest politicians in this country and their names are Rand Paul and Bernie Sanders. Agree with them or not, they never compromise on their ideals.

That being said, Trump doesn’t care about how much is spent. He cares and what it is spent on. He has been out front about this since he ran the first time. Why should anyone be surprised that he’s pissed that we aren’t spending money on the USA first? 
Also fuck you with your trickle down definition bullshit. The Trump tax cut was fucking amazing for every US citizen, poor and wealthy.
[deleted]
🐴BIO $5 June ‘21 calls
Wonder what it’s gonna do leading up to the dividend it’s next month right ?
[removed]
No Patrick, mayonnaise is not a place.
[deleted]
My point is broken veterans. It is the people who get disability pay and never deployed or injuried themselves to deserve that disability pay. It seems the overwhelming majority of the military people I know all get it for some ailment. Yet, they claim their knees are worthy of disability pay and they run marathons...
Total garbage movie
I’m in bigly on this one. Shares only.  👍👍

I got burned on my 1st set of options I purchased since the merger got delayed. My timing was off. Shares only for me but I have like 5000+. 🚀 🚀 🚀 once merger and announcements on new states / partnerships.
I’m holding $19 calls for mid April, with the steel and metals prices continuing to rise, I thought it was a decent play.
This book ist very good. But like said, this years market ignores all this fundamentals. I did a DD for my own and found a biotech company thats a bit undervalued. Sounds like palantir and technologies. But it isn’t palantir lol. The market ignored the company till last week. Wsb sais I‘m not allowed to write the ticker because of any reasons. The market is crazy 🤷‍♂️
tell me your not bull shitting and im buying calls

ps. maybe they developing Asphalt 15?
[deleted]
Started this January after my trip in Amsterdam. Btw gorgeous city with lots of benefits you really have to go there once ;) started with 50k. In the beginning i really had no clue how to value shares and just played YOLO, this caused a negative balance into my account and I was about 10k in minus. I watched Penny stock Videos and turned my 1k into 14k in 3 days, unfortunately sold at 7k. Then i started to invest big in sustainable and vehicle industry. Now my portfolio is valuet at 90k. IMO if you don't feel confident in a company don't invest!! 
Was a f*cking great Year. Love trading. Can't wait till the market opens. btw I'm from Switzerland and a 20yrs old student. How about you?
MARA CALLS BABYYYYYY
Let the dude live his bitter life. He doesn't understand boomer is a mindset as well.
Finally a post that doesn’t have anything about pltr in it smh
[removed]
congrats and fuck you
Can a retard or two share some yolo plays for next week ? Asking for a friend
[deleted]
When the Market opens I'm gonna throw my savings into Tesla stock. Lol
Lol didnt realize it was a subreddit, changed it to the right link
Ya but those are kinda expensive... What can I get for five dollars?
The only dip we buying is Salsa for Tostitos
What’s the “black guy turning his head in interest” meme from?
You are from the 1% that uses Wells?  Lol.  Can you share more about your experience using them?  I have it but the platform is slow and overall crappy.  Maybe they are better now?
Value investing == buying $1 calls.
I appreciate your response. It seems like 90%+ of the military people I know (like 50-60 people) ALL have disability pay. How someone can receive disability pay for say knees and then run marathons, do tough mudders, et cetera is beyond my understanding of what disability pay is for I guess. I see them using it for automobile monthly payments. I’m all for paying the people that deserve it, but it blows my mind how many people get it.
[removed]
Ban
Warren Buffet - 1
I still haven't heard anything GME can do that Amazon can't do better..
[removed]
[deleted]
Not what I expected
Outdated business model with a suspect, unproven pivot. Lousy financials when their industry is booming and a rare major console cycle(pending Q4 results).
[deleted]
if it goes down, you didn’t buy a stonk you fucking retard.
Lmfao
Started 10 years ago with savings from my accounting jobs, lost about $20k on penny stocks. Bounced back in ‘19 and went from $50k to $90k. Decided to try full time trading start of this year, right before the crash in Feb, lost another $15k on individual stock plays. Started to actively trade shares of leveraged ETFs which became much cheaper in Mar and went from $75k to $180k, never holding any position for more than a few weeks (paper hands but all winning trades). Am up 100% YTD.

Mostly cash since nov and missed the whole EV run. Opened a 200 share position on BABA last thu at 216. Looking to also scale into ARKK, ARKG, TAN, ICLN for a continued run up in 2021. And perhaps start to use a small % on options for more leverage.
You wouldn't have to worry about paying for broken veterans if the military took a break from its forever wars starting in 2001.
$12,000, but it has a built-in dongle.
Your example is skewed by how the minority of stocks are responsible for the majority of growth. And the fastest way to get stock returns isn't for the company to grow, but for the market to hype it up. And berating people for using past earnings to judge current profitability isn't acceptable, since the whole point of stocks is that at an indeterminate time in the future the company will be sold off for a price divided amongst shareholders. And Tesla is definitely overvalued since they would have to take over 100% of the US market to justify the current price (I have made good money off credit spreads and swing trades, tho).

Of course, speculation has its merits. And what you recommend is called speculation.
NKLA will merge with GME to deliver PS5s using low-carbon vehicles.  

Straight up 2 the moon.
Since Robinhood is like a bicycle with Training Wheels for amateur investors, I hope they put a warning when a moron exercises an OTM.  They did a good job for account deficit instead of showing temporary losses overnight after that sad incident months ago.
[deleted]
Lmao anybody who is “millionaire trader”/influencer is sketch. Dude’s karma is -11 hahahaha
Good shit 🕺
Yes, mRNA vaccines work on all current variants.  But, that headline can be used one time only.

New Variant In France
New Variant In Germany
Etc

These headlines can be used for weeks!
[removed]
>You son of a ~~bitch~~ birch I'm in

FTFY
50k live at home 10k living 40k into market
That already exists. 

1) Go to the home page for the subreddit
2) Click “joined”
3) Click the leave prompt
4) the list will generate after few moments as long as you don’t click join again
Thanks for sharing that.  GME is much higher on that list than I would have expected.
Wonderful... Think they can reach the autistic part of my brain and make me smarter?
best of the best retard «genereator» thread must be this one
Its Trade Republic, a german broker.
Fake. That's a standard usb c cable, not a piece of shit proprietary lightning. Ban for pump and dump.
whats ur position of fcel?
Is it from retards or inflation
I worked for the VA for a bit as a claims rep, and while im not saying people dont game the system, it is actually pretty hard to lie about it and keep it long term. There has to be enough evidence to support your claim in the first place and you have to be evaluated by several doctors. Lots of people claim a shit ton of things but if there is no medical evidence, you will not get approved. 

Yes, there are some people who make false reports while active, but we usually able to catch them eventually when they do yearly check ups saying "yea im great! I think im getting better!" I do agree most people dont deserve the bs claims they make who never deployed but that's the problem with government oversight, always a loophole.
Prologue: So you’ve lost all your money...
Doubled my investment with PIC/XL during the run up last week and said fuck it and went back in on Wednesday. It ain’t done yet. There’s a lot of room to run. Cant wait.
SNAFU
a thing you put chips and tendies in
😂😂😂
Can anyone recommend any deep DD for a bear case against GME that goes beyond the blockbuster surface level "I don't like it" sentiment?  Liking it more each day but cautious of confirmation bias
Thank you. This usually isn’t my style of trade but i got a call for fun.
It's a unique feeling. Completely doable for ~30 seconds. Not to worry.
r/simping
Blah blah blah elk meat....
If that bio is not SKETCHY then I don't know what is...
Sore AF from skiing day one ☝️ ⛷
[deleted]
[deleted]
It’s pretty damn uncomfortable or at least the one I got. They pretty much rub your brain with a Q Tip
Why is everyone so hyped about Belle Delphine getting fucked? I never heard of her til this thread
Dude taxes are much different. Cali has higher income tax, sales tax, 1% disability insurance tax, property tax, etc. You also don't qualify for the stimulus and a bunch of tax deductions.
Too much to get a stimulus check.
Gang gang
Gay ❄.  Lol!
That's exactly what she did in bed last night.
Puts on GE
son, I was tryin' to help and please don't use the word "retard."  I used to use it too, until I started volunteering to work with special needs kids. 
Look, GME may pop to 25 near term, but the market will not tolerate that eps for long.  If we do go into a sell off, these types of stocks are the ones that get hit so hard.  I can tell you're new and haven't seen that yet, because you are too brave.
So many basement dwellers commenting about this being cringe.  This is hype as fuck, and I'm already thinking about buying a bike after just this single clip.  There are more gains than just tendies, retards.
[deleted]
I stand corrected. I was using E*TRADE, which showed $83.7 mil mkt cap. I’ll refer to google from now on.
Well bros I’m going to get a COVID-19 nasal test today. Anyone have one? Does it hurt like hell or just uncomfortable?
Welcome to Reddit. Getting downvoted for spitting facts.
I dont see any checks being printed. There has to be a new vote first and then he has to not be a retard and sign. Then checks will be delivered sometime in 2022... maybe.
>fraudulent PMC contracts 

FTFY
Food is actually slightly cheaper in Cali cause it’s grown here... taxes aren’t THAT different, but otherwise yeah, rent is the big difference, my house is $3,300 a month, split 3 ways luckily

Anyway I live cheap basically, also fuck CA
Adam and Eve made it a while with no one dying.
[deleted]
That's hilarious. Trump is a douche. CNN was pushing an agenda long before trump came around. Wake up.
Come on man, think about it. Nancy didn’t want it to pass in the first place. She didn’t want to give trump the W, so she created the craziest bill possible knowing full well it wouldn’t fly. Once Trump lost she all of the sudden was willing to negotiate. Wouldn’t negotiate at all before. Wouldn’t change a single proposal. How can you not understand that this is how politics works? You can’t be cynical enough when it comes to these people. The left is guilty in this situation and that is that.
[removed]
he didn't look to surprised to me...my dude looked sick as fuck pre market
Nah man, both will run.. its Santa rally week all the way to Jan 1
This is the canary in the coal mine.  Expect more issues like this.  BA $150 Put Dec 2021
Just Eat Takeaway has become the largest food delivery comp in the free world after merging w/ GRUB.
Nice plot twist.. well played on multiple fronts.
This is the most retarded question EVER stop fucking asking it. If people knew this the stocks would've jumped by thousands of percents
Found a 🌈🐻
Think he was a mod here idk
I was kinda hoping she is going to fly like a helicopter anytime.. lol
Completely correct - it’s just a safe way to guarantee profits for the people not as retarded as me.
He can be doing homework and still be lucky. I think it’s a mix of both. I don’t think this guy is dumb, but you can’t separate his performance from the market back drop.

The last 9 months have been the craziest bull market since 1999. In a flat market this kind of trading approach is much, much more difficult.
[deleted]
do girlfriends moom and print tendies?🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
This is the way
Fucking thought its Sunday today and we are just a short while away from looking at some numbers that dont matter
It’s totally fear mongering
The best advice I can give is to never listen to me!
It should work against new variant.
You’re a dumb mfer
White people are inherently racist. Nothing you can do about it. 

So yeah, if you're white, it is a difficult life.
Dip is on aisle 12
PLTR to the fucking moon 🚀🚀🚀🚀
nice hedging
Anyone got a link to that Belle Delphine porn?
Rehearsing his lines for the 2021 Ant Group hype train
Ultra bullish. Selling will be tantamount to treason.

I like tantamount.
If it is not $ symbol then it is not real gains , try again at 19
Buy GILD and sit on it. 1,800 shares would cost $102,600, but would provide a yearly dividend payment of $4,896. Buy 🐴BIO for a more aggressive return. 5,000 shares would cost you $20,900. Insiders are buying it up, it has trended upwards a ton in the last week, and analysts are projecting it to have a price target above $10, by the end of 2021.
instead hes an hero around here
SF: 90k - 30k taxes - 30k rent/parking - 10k food = 20k left

Midwest: 55k - 10k taxes - 10k rent - 3k food = 32k left
U can wheel vix.
At the moment it is at 1,4bn.  


[https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/eh?ltr=1](https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/eh?ltr=1)
u/controlthenarrative
Selling to breakeven if it hits 260 and then moving all proceeds to Amazon
So does the vaccine protect against this new variant strain or not? If it does still work, why is the media reporting on it and fear mongering..? “FIRST NEW COVID VARIANT FOUND IN FRANCE”...from what I’m reading, the spike protein in the vaccine covers multiple strains and this is not an issue...so which is it?
It doesn’t help
Guh
Guh
I remember this type of sentiment on yahoo and google message boards in 2007.  Don't say I didn't warn you.  I only came here recently to see what you robin hoodies are all hyped up about because i think the market is about to roll and your "stonks" are gonna get crushed.  The music is playing faster and there aren't a lot of seats left. I decided not to short at the moment, but I did find a few others and if I were long GME, I'd be locking in that profit boys.
At least OPs parents didnt give him [this](https://images.app.goo.gl/G6sn84Tnpuz197xFA)
🐴BIO $5 June calls
[deleted]
Get a girlfriend
Net of all being is simple. It’s the idea that every living thing is connected together as a organic being, and when we did, we join basically a “net” of consciousness as all things becoming one. 

Highly recommend looking up Alex Grey’s art work and just spending a minute to go through everything. The piece “dying” is my favorite in particular along with the “artist”
Where can I watch this?
NEW Apple ID and it all works out btw
Pleas roll again
I need 1k a month, fuck Joe Biden. ANDREW YANG, ANDREW YANG!
Your calling the rest of retards and only 10 are legends? GTFO , we are all legendary retarded
Tf are you doing on Wsb with this?!?   r/investing is over here
Well yeah pocket veto and all that
Seems legit. Im in
Hidden darling. CRM. Search DD on WSB
Guh
[deleted]
Plus the ‘E’ stands for Epstein.  Invest now!
All these idiots thinking this short squeeze is going to bring the stop near 100$???? 

Anyone taking these prices serious needs help.
They’ll never understand this. I’ve tried to point that out so many times but they’re stuck in their echo chambers. Those bills were stunts and smart political people understood exactly what Nancy was doing.
[removed]
GUH,
pleas fly again

whats next?
$90k approx

But that’s in the SF Bay Area so it’s like idk $55k in the Midwest
uncle donnie says that 2k $ pay checks are being printed now which means market will soon see new batch of retards gambling on ws which means market will double by Summer ?
Is Marshall Law bullish or bearish
Also "overbought" LOOOLOLOLO, you are delusional.

We pullback to $17 in the worst apocalyptic case scenario and we are talking EXTREME RETARD panic overselling.

Piss off.
😂😂😂
Yeah its up 1000 and its an OTC stock. I dont have any shares yet. Im thinking it will keep some of that meme energy once it hits NASDAQ
Deep exhale 😂
1 google search 3 videos on youtube and 1 chart ready for a short
Have u researched how they’re gonna put the batteries to scale? Just read a buncha shit and watch like 3 videos so Im basically an Expert on battery technology
r/expensivememes
Megatendygang!
Hey guys my step dad just told me that Trump did in fact win the election due to election fraud, this is 100% fact and so I'm selling out my clean energy stocks as he has recommended. apparently Trump's only option to remain in power is to declare Marshall law, that means we need to buy calls on TJX or something
Longest weekend ever
I wonder if it has to do with the massive amount of fraudulent military disability claims.
Found Chris Sacca!
Nust need to read a few parts of the book to get it. Most the other stuff is too complext, indepth, and not what most small investors or interested in or understand
What the fuck is an investment? This is a casino.
Clickbait title, nice
You can get it, keep grinding and sacrificing and you’ll get there.
I do appreciate the places I go and things I see... but it sure loses 95% of its luster when there’s no one to share those experiences with
[removed]
Don’t give the mods that much credit.
We GME bulls already know those minuses gonna be pluses next year, go be a gaybear somewhere else, this cult is too stronk for you boi. 

Shoo.
Or krisskiss
Pooh Bear looking in the honeypot.
back to the days where random users with a couple mil can’t pump a low cap stock 15%
[deleted]
I started in november during the election and spent around 1,000 usd on weed stocks and got a 40 percent return, then i invested in palantir at 15 dollars with like 30 shares, and cashed out on 28 usd cause I got tired of waiting for the MOON

now im loaded on tesla and alibaba
How much do you all earn with your day jobs?
Wrong section, not Loss.  Mods!
Rofl he’s shorting PLTR TSLA AAPL and SPY all things American
Way to ruin two great songs
https://youtu.be/pJHL-hZOqnQ
dude i hate when the market is closed.

its literally all i think about.

ive officially gone full retard.
😢🤡 (sad clown)
This thread is dead. Not sure if its due to the holiday weekend or the Mod drama/secret society feud. 

*Shame*
For for end  dec. I se. 230-232. For end of January I see 250+. I won’t play anything longer than that because I’m under the impression that we need a large correction in feb-March.
Heat shock proteins
I know your pain.
Once Trevor comes back we'll be Gucci gang.
chugging wild turkey 101 in my underwear and becoming increasingly depressed that I will never get to pretend that I will never be asked to go undercover and pretend that some hot broad I fancy is my wife
What a legend, he will never be forgotten
Too many fraudulent fucks editing their “gains”.  Not worth the time building after so many users got debunked.
something something chimps
[removed]
I didn’t see any bad news. People probably taking profit. Cramer did a nice little pump and dump on mad money...
Guh
Other fields are crowded because too many people understand them. No one understands genomics but Mama Cathie.
Calm down everyone it was literally $30
Buy the dip, your wife’s boyfriend is buying the chips.
Sadly i only have 100 shares but if it helps everyone im happy  🚀🚀
[deleted]
It hits the G spot
I'd be interested in hearing your thoughts on why were going to take a 20%+ dump very soon.
I buy the dip, it dips more, buy more, dip more, buy more, dip more, buy more, delisted, lose everything
If he had this same play a few months later in March he would have made a shit ton of money. Still dumb
I feel pretty confident about my calls 

#red day confirmed
first time buyer loans are 3-5%
[removed]
Dude getting a GF is cheaper than a 1% expense ratio
You’ll be smashing...your dick, alone
[deleted]
I feel like being street smart will kill you in the market. You gotta be retarded to diamond hands
Damn I thought it was Monday
[removed]
puts on Melvin? GME hedge
No soup for you 😂
yeah, but i didnt
If it smells like fish its a tasty dish
[removed]
Its up 1000 in the last few months
2020-2013 is 7 btw
If everybody followed that advice, we'd be in a bubble.
The on-site investigation is already complete and Jack appears to be cooperating. Let’s hope. See how Monday morning goes
That 1y chart looks exactly how crippling anxiety and PTSD feels like, lol
Ok eeyore
Because she probably was taking a ton of ecstacy when that song came out. Like myself
What’s this ?
>Apparently when I sent him a video explaining how Nikola is fake and the truck was pushed down the hill, he didn’t actually watch it and thought I was sending it as a recommendation for NKLA

Lmao peak /r/WSB, he 100% belong here
That 1y chart looks exactly how crippling anxiety and PTSD feels like, lol
I bought leaps when they were at $119 a few weeks ago and I’m up $3k on those
What would it cost to get a live feed of your positions so that I can short sell whatever the hell you're buying... oh wait that already goes to your broker
I thought the first one was a “Space Ass”
Q1 would be reported in May-June period, I think you're talking about Q4(earnings from Oct-Dec) which is happening in February.
He would have liked like a genius
Too much diversity. Take one yolo and go for the fadeaway.
fuck t
That 1y chart looks exactly how crippling anxiety and PTSD feels like, lol
God dammit I was thinking today was Sunday 🤦🏼
[deleted]
NIO🚀🌒
Post it to xvideos
(Realized) gains are gains, they can't take them away from you even if the money you bet didn't actually exist. This was all RH's fault anyway, so they can't really punish the user beyond holding them responsible for the trades they made. If those trades made money then, well... lucky you.
Yep! But realize dividend payouts are a variable. GILD is good because the dividend has risen every year.
[This post is full of great comments](https://www.reddit.com/r/nikolacorporation/comments/kd39zj)

>My dads a retired engineer and I remember as a kid him talking about prototype engines that could run on water ( hydrogen) and have always been amazed at this possibility and I’m glad to see that it’s eventually on its way, especially here in Europe . As for Nikola, I was sold on the business model, the execution is a working progress and no one can deny they’ve hit some hurdles but I believe that will only make them stronger , it does make me cringe at times to see my investment shares plunge but then I take a breath and remember why I initially invested in the company, because I believed in their vision and thought they had the people and resources to accomplish it and frankly that hasn’t changed to date , then I feel better ...
Biden will
sir the gay bar is that way>>>>>
Yep.
They are the pioneers of working hydrogen trucks
No way their trade engine has race conditions
Elon and I are taking a break. Time for a fling with Cohen.

24k to 700k with papa (sold Friday afternoon of inclusion). 700k to 750k so far with Cohen (been averaging in as my funds clear). Forgot I bought more on Christmas Eve so up to 35.1k.

Selling CCs though, so all you autists can get cheaper weeklies, just don't wait until MMs crash them on Friday to sell.
I don’t need to sell courses to be financially free
i was reading up on market-related terms on wikipedia and fell into a rabbit hole.  good shit
Amen!!
I don think the 240c is too late. IMO. I’m bullish and see upward of 280 by mid next year IMO.
[removed]
[deleted]
$CRSP
As of 12/15, the short interest was 128% of the float.  If the shorts from 6 months ago covered, new ones took their place.

It would cost $1 billion to cover those shorts.  6 months ago it would have only cost $216 million.

https://www.marketbeat.com/stocks/NYSE/GME/short-interest/
NOVA is up 69% in the past 3 months. That’s right, 69. Looking at 420 next.
Gotcha. I have a couple different ones, and I've been considering taking the time to detail all my setups that I look for, but we'll see. For now, I'll give you one pattern I look for and how I structure a couple different trades as well as a lotto trade I like to take at the end of the week. 

The underlying principle for all of them is rooted in the Squeeze. If you don't know what that is, read the John Carter book mentioned above; he's the pioneer of the indicator. All it is is when the Bollinger Bands come between the Keltner Channels - this signifies, essentially, pressure building in the stock. When the squeeze "fires" (BBs go outside the Keltner Channels) there is a higher likelihood of an explosive move either to the up or downside. So, I take that indicator, look for stacked EMAs (I use the 8, 21, 34, 55, 89 periods), and then look for a stock to be trading between the 8 and 21 EMAs. I do this because: (1) if the EMAs are stacked it means the stock is in an uptrend; (2) if it's between the 8 and 21, it most likely means that there's been some upward movement and the stock has recently pulled back/reverted to the mean; and (3) if it's reverted to the mean and is in a squeeze, then there may be another upward move coming. This strategy tracks a lot of other chart patterns - cup w/ a handle has a pullback, so does a double bottom, bull flags, etc. They all have an upward move and then a pullback; the difference with mine is I'm looking specifically for a move back to the 8 or 21 EMA.

Now, what do I do with this setup is the real question. First, I decide whether I want to own the stock, sell premium, or go long by paying a debit. **If I want to own the stock** and it's at a good price, I just buy it and hold onto it. If the stock is cheap enough that I can comfortably buy 100 shares I will and start selling covered calls on it. If I want to own the stock but the price is too expensive, then I start selling cash-secured puts at the price I'm comfortable buying 100 shares of it at. I keep selling those puts until I'm assigned and then start the cycle of selling covered calls.

**If I want to sell premium** I look at prior squeezes, how far the price moved and how long it took to move. From that I sell a put credit spread right at the 8 or 21 EMA and collect that premium. I only enter a trade if I'm comfortable with losing the total amount of the trade (this keeps me emotionally detached and forces me to keep my trades reasonable - my biggest losses have been from when I broke this rule). I enter a closing order to buy back my short leg at .05 because there's no commissions on trades under .05 on TOS. I just keep the long leg and let it expire worthless. If the premium isn't great with the PCS, I'll look at iron condors by setting my strikes right outside that expected move. So long as the price stays within my range, I keep the credit. My exit strat is exactly the same for an IC.

**If I want to pay a debit** I rarely by outright calls. I prefer to buy call debit spreads or butterflies. I still measure the move like I do for the premium selling strategy, but my short legs are right outside that expected move. With these, however, I try to get out once I reach 80% of my max profit. It's very rare to receive that 100% profit on a butterfly.

**My favorite lotto trade** is in AMZN. Historically, AMZN sells off on Fridays, and pretty violently. So, near the close on Thursday I just sell some call credit spreads or buy OTM butterflies with the short leg near either max pain or the expected move for that expiration. I did this last week and made about $800 in 30 minutes.

There are other strategies for how to turn losing trades into winning ones (eg. a butterfly but the price goes way beyond your short strike, you can sell puts at that short strike to recover some premium) and some rules like hardly ever shorting individual stocks and focusing on the indexes or SPDRs if I'm going to short. I'd like to make a post doing a comprehensive detail of my strategies for WSB, but I just haven't felt like pouring over my trading journal and rules book to pull examples and stuff to make it good. Maybe one day.
Edit because I’m a moron
The DD I read said that its an American drone and electric aircraft company that has some sort of battery life twice that of its competitors. Im not trying to shill it. I think it has the potential to be a ten bagger when it goes public, but Im not saying its guaranteed
It was extremely stressful. I was also just diagnosed with cancer and doing chemo with a newborn.
[deleted]
But batteries is also a bomb
College towns
FFFFFFUUUUUUCK.
Nice tax break for the year though
[removed]
It is risky, but fair.
Some people consider this ability as unnatural.
Better yet - Buy what ARK is buying
>Turning down the 2000k makes the Republicans look bad. During the Georgia elections that they desperately need to win.

To be fair 2000k is a bit much.
Its an insurance claim and now they get a new shiny building full of the newest steel tech machines.
PLTR you fucking retard
And their bringing Reggie on board? Hell yes
Puts on your pp bb
To everyone saying that the ccp won't mess with baba because it's scared to ruin it's reputation, you haven't been watching china-us relations over the last few years. The amount of trade war BS and collateral damage that these governments are willing to inflict is astounding. Look at what the US did with Huawei and tiktok, or what china is doing with coal from Australia, or having executives from foreign businesses arrested to be used as a bargaining chip. It's 2020 and China still has concentration camps. You're telling me they are concerned with the optics of shafting some american investors?

 Also all the talk about their soon to be status as the world's largest economy is forgetting that that just means that foreign money will have lesser importance as time goes on. Screwing over foreign investors now might be a short term loss, not a long term one.

I'm not saying that baba isn't a solid investment, I haven't done any more dd than what I've read on a few posts, but the idea that China is scared of backlash from foreigners doesn't seem like an investing strategy that is grounded in reality.
Um this whole steel play is about the current situation and how it will affect their earnings in February and the month or two after. It’s not about the prospects of steel prices in the future.
[deleted]
You ever try DMT?
[deleted]
I have 9 shares, expect to be a millionaire soon
Plot twist: you were the bully
I am. Biden will probably invest more in infrastructure. And China is buying up all the steel. Therefore there's a huge shortage which makes the price go up 🚀

Now if MT can stop blowing up their factories. But doesn't really matter, I'm also in Vale, CLF, STLD and S C H N.
Hekkin yeah my dude. This is my new savings account, If it ever gets back up to 20 cents im gonna have free mortgage
April and March calls, loaded up, currently $600 down 😭
Your jokes are colder than my autism medication
Ride just took the scam one step further than nkla with having a actual factory... except it’s just an old GM plant... the talent from leadership on LinkedIn are Cs all day.... just compare them to Rivian - LinkedIn employees, crunchbase investors, year founded... RIDE will never bring a production EV to market
[deleted]
WSB was right again, MT blew up!
Life changing shit!
Why does everyone assume every employee is dumping all their shares as soon as possible.  The stock isn't that high. If you you worked there you probably believe in the companies success and know where it's headed.  Why not hang onto it until it's worth more.
Well done. You gonna have it for the sweet dividend on dec29?
Just remembered I loaded up on GME and NIO calls on Thursday. Feeling like I might be fuk
Peice of shit
I have about $45k in CRM calls right now, one of which is a $230c for 12/31, but mostly leaps for June 2021 and Jan 2022. So I love you for this confirmation bias.
Pinterest (PINS)

Bridgetown Holdings (BTWN) 

Grow Generation (GRWG) 

Hydrofarm (HYFM)

Sprout Social (SPT)

StoneCo (STNE)
[deleted]
I gotta tell you something Joe Rogan, I smoke rocks
I’ve got the most diamond hands out of anyone here except for when it comes to beating my meat I literally can’t stop fucking paper hands my dick starting to feel like paper too shit
its a video game tournament, they got darude for the half time show cos it was a big meme at the time
Monday........
Tomorrow is Sunday
america has really degenerated the western world
MFA for life yo im diggin those 7.5 cents per share dividends (and a little NCLH)
Sounds like something a Europoor would say.
No need. Judging from the BABA debacle, they'll fuck themselves.
Got some FEYE Calls I’m confident will print. 1/8/21 23c and 1/22/21 25c 👍🏻
It’s the non-retarded way of writing dates. Day/month/year, smallest to biggest. Not everyone lives in the USA, in fact it is used in the majority of the world.
I traded above 100% all year, then I followed y’all yards into PLTR calls.
What are you holding now
[deleted]
8,406.9 Shares of MFA, Sold at highs and rebought at lows.
if the earth is round, how come i don't fall over when it rolls ;o
8,406.9 Shares of MFA, Sold at highs and rebought at lows.
All I see is big gains and MT is highlighted so I’m going all in on MT
Buy stocks and average down boomer style. Or buy puts if you must gamble. It's not over. More bad shit served on a hot plate on the way for BABA. Would not be surprised to see BABA test 189.
Not anymore
Mitch isn’t losing shit.  The Senate loves having Mitch right where he is.  Everybody hates Mitch, that’s his job, take the hate so the rest of them don’t need to, rest assured, the rest of them are every bit at shitty as Mitch, they just can’t take the abuse he can.
[deleted]
Naw man, poor kid, I couldn't laugh at this
So did this happen or no
[deleted]
Better pump GME on monday or my weekly is going start tearing new asshole
Lol, CNN. Clearly Not News.
[deleted]
"guaranteed win" at this fantastically overbought level sounds like you're sill making bad choices. Jesus guys, wait for this to pull back, like stocks ALWAYS do. Even then, I would only trade this thing with it's whopping minus 4 b bucks eps.  I wouldn't look at it as a long term investment until they can prove that will change.
Are you gonna sell at 250 or hold for more?
Throw rocks my way but I’m starting to think this GME squeeze will be a reality soon enough.
Bezos says the n word and AMZN collapses to 0
Gimme $100
No, it’s not. 1.9B shares x $27.75 = $52B
OMG.  Yes, you need to open a taxable investment account.  It takes 5 minutes.
If BABA goes up monday are y’all selling at a specific price or holding?

EDIT: I said tomorrow because I’m dumb and 2020 has altered the nature of time
Ban
Agree 100%.  I think the issue with them is they come off kinda desperate with all the spamming with hurts their creditably IMO but overall their logic and thought process makes sense in how they pick and analyze stocks.  The 200 dollars or whatever I have pay them has yielded thousands in profits so I will renew my service.  You need to do dd even if high level though !!!
buy buy buy 

easiest way to double your money in 2 years
This sucks. I'm already bored and still 48 hours until market open. Sigh...
[removed]
some markets are open right now :)
Who hurt you
I was able to buy some 34.5 puts on NKLA back when the Citron hit piece came out. Talk about free money. Once the share lockup on Dec 5th came all the rats lept off the sinking barge. The cherry on top is Trevor going to jail for fraud. That's the true end for this company.
Shares or leaps
That's pure craftsmanship that, fair play
I fomo’d into FUBO as a yolo am I FUBAR or no?
It’s already 1yo. This is around when the first cases started popping up. I know cause I took a trip to Taiwan with some of my TSM tendies last year to check out the amazing Taipei101 fireworks and a bunch of other shit. When I landed, they had a separate line for people from countries not given a “card” on the plane (given to all passengers of a flight depending on country probably) and they were screening the shit out of the Chinese people in the other line for “flu symptoms”.
People like us, street smart...we never scared of that
Savings leads to stocks, stocks leads to options, options leads to covered calls, covered calls leads to YOLO, YOLO leads to wendy's AKA tendietown, this is the way
Gross dude
Republicans are so quick to hand the military a trillion dollars we don't have-- every single year.  Yet they can't support $2k for the little man.
Is BABA dead or is it time to buy in?
What does investments mean?
What do ALPP even do, nobody who talks about them seems to know. Its like a bot orchestrated mega pump and dump.
Hes my cousin hes homeless right now
>😏😏😏😏😏

 

😏😏😏😏😏
You know he’s gonna send it. 
GME shares. Get in on the short squeeze of a lifetime.
Checking in — did you lose your entire account as predicted by the above commenter?
GTFO
They've quite literally accomplished absolutely nothing when it comes to building a working truck
All in
Fed keeps printing, we get rich
akorn is the shit
Anyone else think that q4 might suck? With shortages and management saying the new consoles are not really a q4 thing but more a 2021 and beyond thing. I hope they make a profit but I dont know with this manegement.
I can't think of a person who's quotes are more relevant to Nikola than Elizabeth Holmes
He spins really fast and tries to chomp on Bugs Bunny.  Do your own DD

https://youtu.be/StG2u5qfFRg
NP@ to the mooooooonn
r accounting.
MT gang will be new tanker gang.

buying calls on a boomer stock trading higher than last year still in a pandemic after it shot up more than 100%.

peak wsb retardation
Better not sell at $30 - 💎🙌
They get good salaries because of the real world services provided that I could never do because I cannot math.
MGNI will rocket, 100$ half of 2021
Well i think it will take a breath with the q4 figures.
I wouldn't worry honestly. If nothing else there should be an iv spike with the amount of activity over this weekend.
You have been banned
OPEN THE FUCKING MARKET, it’s like having fucking withdrawal symptoms
Only in America you have the freedom to choose between bankruptcy and slow death, so he will definitely need that million.
This post has been debunked by a superior post explaining how this is bullshit. I don't understand either of the posts.
[deleted]
It’s already a meme stock
Whatever you do just make sure it's leaps

Id do DKNG leaps
"Gay bears r fuk"- Milton Friedman
agree which is why i stayed away from all china stocks.  i dont need that extra headache
I used to get bullied hard in year 3 at school so I peed In half my apple juice and gave it to him and he drank it all without knowing. Feels fucking good man.
A serious answer as simple as I can put it.
Trump signs = 600$ bill passes
Trump vetoes = 600$ bill passes
Trump does nothing= 600$ bill dies. 

Monday the 2000$ stand alone stimulus will be put to a vote. The thing on Thursday needed unanimous support to avoid a real vote. 90% of congress didn't show up. 

Turning down the 2000k makes the Republicans look bad. During the Georgia elections that they desperately need to win.
Depends which country you live in
The invasion didn't get bogged down, his hubris was in thinking that they could complete the invasion of the country in a few months. Either way you try and spin it, he made a decision to invade in the summer that he should have known would last into the winter.
Why are you geh?
Do people still think earnings matter?
Lol saus?
fuck u and ur PLTR puts Eric 🖕🏻🖕🏻
care elaborate?
Not all longs have equal stakes. I’m on 1500 shares of GME, for example, which is roughly the same as 15 Gen Z’s combined. I’m from the little known generation that holds it all together, the Xennials. The kids who read Nintendo Power magazine and went to Blockbuster to rent Tecmo Bowl.
of ARK a-z why is G the best one
I gotta reup on my investments dawg
Hell yeah, Im happy to hear that! I'm expating it in the middle east rn myself. Its chilly and rainy here.  Only upside is its not the worst schedule for trading the NYSE if youre a night owl.
Put the minimum you need into the 401k to get all the company match. That's free money. Invest the 401k into whatever the best option is. Then open the Roth to get rich.
On the ammout invested? Is this each month? How does that work? Never bought an ETf before.
Stonks only go up though...
u/savevideo
^ ban
But you can't jerk off to the instructors. 
At least they threw me out last time.
[removed]
Breaking News: Communism incompatible with capitalist billionaire enterprises. 

The great experiment continues.
Fuck Xi fuck China
So the SEC market manipulation investigations are all a hoax?
just buy one week otm options
Buy ARKG you’re welcome
Yep and FCEL is at 4billion mkt cap now. May not be as much of a scam in terms of deception, but has about as much hope as Nikola succeeding in the long run. Hydrogen has so many big problems, the fact that it keeps being pushed as a green energy solution is ridiculous, kind of reminds me of hydroxychloroquine. I guess people like the simplicity or something, and it sounds good to the uniformed. But the entire hydrogen fuelcell thing is a bubble caused by people who don't understand engineering. Even if they made hydrogen work economically (doubt) I'll never buy a hydrogen car, you'd have to be crazy, that shit is literally a bomb.

If you really want to avoid batteries that badly it would be far easier to keep using gasoline and offset/sequester the carbon than attempt anything to do with hydrogen. 

100% retarded and will end in tears and losses one day. That said, money can be made in the lead up. Buying FCEL a few months ago would have made you shitloads. But it's a very dangerous game.
Guh
[removed]
Never joined Facebook so my brain cells never had the chance to scream in pain before they die.
June $24 & $25 calls here
Psychedelic stocks. Already up over 1,300% one one of my holdings. Look to CMPS or ATAI life sciences will ipo early next year. There are smaller players exploding all over the place if you search off WSB but scams are starting to smell the money as well.
5 years and still no car.
The key metric is the market cap, compare it against other lithium producers with similarly sized projects and I expect you will reach the conclusion: ~10m is undervalued.
This pump & dump group better buy a lot of GME on Monday or my weekly gme calls going to zero.
Will set a stop loss order in February to get in at a lower rate. Don't blame me for it, my dumbass got in at $31
I started my subscription around end of May and  have been happy with the gain so far - a couple of them are slightly under water, but the rest have grown quite a bit, bought one stock at $50s per share, now has been in the 150-200 range after 6 months, and a few that have been doubled since then , the rest have been up 10-60% - it’s definitely not the wsb type of getting rich quick bet, but it’s consistent and I sleep much better at night
try heading over to the incel forums and telling them
Come back and tell us how you felt when she said “No”
It’s really nice to see you and your wife’s boyfriend getting along on Christmas
It's in one of the most recent press releases regarding the Fatou gold project, in an interview I think Bernard claims they are going to begin exploratory drilling Jan-Feb (gold not lithium).
Mods pleas come back
Literally just mfa?
I GOT THE SAME THING
I’m straight bear. I was just testing the sentiment of the sub. It’s bullish.
Stock or options?
Moved 2 bucks since the crash in March, yep that's pretty retarded.
Lol no body knows where Jack Ma is right now
Wonder Woman 1984 was the bigger bomb.

Yikes
Wait you've had a Youtube channel this whole time and we didn't know about it??  Subbed as fuck
Probably living it up on Epstein's pedophile island
[deleted]
Alibaba was created that day
Profit taking then
Half of nothing is still nothing!!
MOON
Maybe all the LVFs wouldn’t be on FDS if they didn’t complain so much. What HVM wants someone nagging them all the time?
Stocks or LEAPS? Answer changes depending on which.
STD has enter the room!
Wtf kind of date is 19/02? Been hitting the whip-its again?
Trying to turn 10k into 100k next year, I have 3k in GME already and buying more next week
My broker takes 4% over my 50% margin every year, I believe they calculate it over every month but I'm not exactly sure.

I can't have any negative free space, if that happens my broker will start to sell investments until it's positive again. With that comes a fee.
Oh so it wasn’t a terrorist attack but rather the colonel looking to develop a new explosive flavor for next year?
Fucking lol

>	here u go papi
Lol the ol' close your eyes to make it better trick.     I could tell from his expression he knew he'd fucked up before 9:30 hit
I'm glad you care about me more than I do you.
ARKK
[deleted]
It’s gunna be, biblical
[deleted]
Price target this week? $30?
?
Guys I’m starting to think that being a Chinese billionaire has significant downsides https://www.bloomberg.com/amp/news/articles/2020-12-25/yoozoo-games-ceo-lin-dies-at-39-amid-police-probe-over-poisoning
Thank you
hey I got an early flight
Michael Buble - All I want for christmas is you 

&#x200B;

hope you play this song when you do bro, congrats
Hey thanks for the advice friend
I can only sell the price unfortunately. What something is worth and what I can get for it is rarely in harmony.
Just roll it out or up
Exactly.
Download yo mama
The greatest trick the devil ever pulled was convincing wsb that psth isn’t stripe
In Die Hard 2 John McClane tries to stop the crash of Flight 114 by the mercenaries.  They previously state on multiple occasions that the 747 is very low on fuel, yet when it crashes it explodes as if the tanks were full.

I’m calling shenanigans.
[removed]
true haha. this guy doenst fkn breathe man. 5hrs non stop talk about gme. love his stream and such a likeable personality
If only kraken robotics
They won’t ban genius. Only boomer nay sayers like you. If you ever contribute anything to the community that is
All of them but if you have to pick ARKF and ARKG
Sign prenup you fucking cuck
GUHHHHHHH
Lol @ whoever uses condoms. Its raw dog or nah dawg
Well... Are you shorting that now?
Im the bf. Her husband wont do shit hes a liitle bitch boy
test me
I work for amazon, it’s been dead for past 3 weeks. Don’t know why just sharing what I’ve seen.
# greetings random retard scrolling in the middle of the early morning. penis. that is all.
Guuh
Bringing these planes back on line is going to cause more issues like this, planes dont do well sitting.
You mean the guy who pretty much defected to China and needs to please his CCP overlords as much as possible? So he decides to write a book saying China gud?
Who buys puts on APPL?
This is the way
hope you have her BF's approval 💫 😊
Did popeyes hire you or something? God damn them tendies look good
Put half on Tesla and half on MGNI and don’t look at it until the end May and see 25-50% gains
Mama Cathie Woods approves
What research?
Gladly. Once you all stop pretending you know anything about the markets you just for into this year.
Congrats!  🍾
[removed]
Dont tell cathy
Proposing to my gf today. 💍
Had calls for AMC and then Bezos fucked with everyone's heads (said he wanted to buy 'AMC'... ended up being AMCX), and of course those cheap\\stupid AMC lottos hit.
Honestly; Renewable Energy was and partly still is subsidized, there will be a lot of investments going on, but as operating margins are falling due to lower investment costs and a stable market price for renewable energy (Europe!) the uptick will not go to the MOON, maybe to the clouds for VWS ;)
so start a new sub?
someone get an ambulance, that was fucking fatal
Bro, I get we have fun here but you're just mean for the sake of being mean. Your comment history shows that. Try not to be a douche ALL the time
Renewables already bubbled this year... way more than tech.
Was just checking this out yesterday. Definitely getting calls as soon as the merger is done
[deleted]
Llama
Anybody listen to baby smoove lol
probably mfa
that's the fuking joke
[deleted]
Smart.  The safest place during the third wave.
Huh?
That's what they mean by stonks only go up, just put RH on portrait mode to turn your losses into gains
[deleted]
[deleted]
Fuck off
Hey, fuck you and your tendies
How are you monitoring volume upticks to find new shit to yolo into?
Surprisingly chilly today.  Wind out of the North.

Avoiding the malls and grateful for Kuwait intelligence services.   

Happy Santa found the house yesterday.

Considering everything else, life is good here.

How are you?
me too, making > 100k in ma's basement and she still cooks for me
Positions or ban
Don't know why people hate NKLA. I think it's great! Rode the hype from about 17 all the way to 93 and cashed out. Wanted to short it afterwards, but premiums were too expensive and since it had demonstranted retard strength before, I wasn't about to start selling calls
I weep over all the shares I bought and sold before this meteoric rise this year.  I say it can’t go higher, and then it does.
The mods there are probably the most retarded of all. They ban anyone who posts truth.
🌈🐻
[deleted]
Ban
Kinda gay,  but later the money made up for the butt-hurt.
Arkg is not as big as arkk
Ugh, that's disgusting
Get that spammy ass shit the fuck shit out of here.
Exclusively trade listening to sea shanty 2
Yes, it happens often. But airlines only started running maxes again less than 3 weeks ago. Also, that’s headline news—regardless of the significance, it is something people should keep in mind going into Monday’s open.
Guhhhh
[removed]
🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
MOON PLTR MARS GME NEVER GO DOWN
Never trust anyone with two first names
BABA going to reclaim 250 at open
Still bullish on ENPH?
Schrodinger's Bull?
He’s going to sign. Not to get too political, but the whole ‘veto’ and $2000 thing was all just a flashbang to distract from all the pardons.
If you had straight up 50k with no strings attached then yeah it would be investing.

But you yourself said if it drops even slightly below your buy in you are fucked which turns it into straight up gambling because you have no backup plan. If you want to take credit then figure out what amount you actually can pay back and take that sum, not a single fucking $ more.

I just hope it works or if you manage to fuck it up then you just ruin your own life and not people around you. Odds are even if this "investing" works you're gonna go all in with the next stock and the cycle continues until you lose it all. 

Good luck in your endeavours and remember it can go tits up.
There is also a shit ton of people in africa.
False equivalency because NKLA was designed to go down(hill).
Equivalent when adults complain about not receiving a Christmas bonus this year
What does that mean and why do you associate that concept with the term god?
If you're retarded, you'll go long on a MSOS call.
Alright you conviced me, it's a good buy below 20
It just needs to move to the Australian Stock Exchange. 📉 = 📈
*Stocks* can got up and down.


*Stonks* only go up.
Ohhhh shit good plan *speed dials*
options ofc
[deleted]
That depends on what or when you consider to be the first humans. The evolutionary path won't have a clear switch date and the different tribes and units could be at different states of development. So the same day could have zero human deaths or dozens completely based off how you categorize the creatures. I'm way too sober for this shit.
Why don't you ask Elon?
Any spac at 10$. All u gotta do is wait
[removed]
Already guaranteed it won't happen for years.
...the $5mill Rh account guy
[deleted]
LOL
China is still building coal power plants dont let them fool you
[removed]
Mr belfort?
aerotyne international
HPT- Hellas Planitia Time
Pleas guh again.
Really not a big deal, things like this happen all the time, it's just it's a max so they like making it news.
Stocks will be down from 4-10:30am, then will probably catch a bid
Stocks only go up

Until they dont

At which point you buy the dip
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/RPKBoss the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Tryna make me feel all “pale blue dot”-y?
Stop I can't continue laughing my stomach hurts
Nice
I hedge against everyone's "DD" that just says pray for news.
Are we gonna ignore the fact that “ we soared past 1B pages views ANALLY”?!?
It's the best place for a laugh and to make money by accident
[deleted]
Whats the reason for this GME hype? In Germany they had to close some stores forever, because they didn’t sell so much. I have friends that prefer to download games from xbox live than to buy a blu ray or dvd in a store. What’s the reason for this „GME love“? I want to understand. I don’t think it’s a value investment 🤷‍♂️
dude even this sub takes it seriously. what is the right sub in your opinion? /r/fatfire?
ATH stock price but not ATH in market cap. Number or shares outstanding is significantly smaller than in the previous ATH period.
The government basically owns it but fuck loans
737 Max: Air Canada flight in unscheduled landing after engine issue https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-us-canada-55451945
Diversinification
Guh
good man
Fucking pleas
LVM is just slang for 🌈🐻
I'd go stocks over calls tbh.

Volatility goes up and down, if you buy shares you're guaranteed some form of profit at some point. Calls give risk.
Started investing with my account diversified, somehow ended up 90/10 PLTR THC🐝
not broke if you have 20k
> As it stands, the demonstrated capabilities of neuralink are no more complex than ALREADY EXISTING TECHNOLOGY  
  
Neuralink is expected to become more sophisticated and capable with future iterations.
[deleted]
It's tesla FOMO.

They missed the boat so now they think if they just buy the next EV company they will make just as much.

I wonder how many of them are reformed teslaq gay bears, doubling down on their losses.
He mad.
The human population was very small at one point. Estimated at 3,000-10,000 though some people think it perhaps got as low as 100ish.

In that situation what you say could be feasible.

Also, watch Torchwood Season 4 - that's the premise for the plot.
its like youre thinking too hard but its making you more retarded
Whatever happened to Milton? Guy's probably living the life with all that cash
"Yes Bogdanoff, he went all in."
1919 was worse during 1918?

Gotcha
You are RL bros? So, retardation is an genetical thing?
he's a douche 

BABA will have a brighter future if jack ma goes retirement
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/joeyyyyyyyyyyyyyxy the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
START THE COUNT
Seems the CEO is acting by the book at least
WSB doesn't like spacs, so better post again with new ticker and +20$ price
I love all the children on this sub now talking about their “Christmas money” lol
Yea but since we live in the upside down I am a genius now?
Due dilligance. We don't do that here. We make Do do-diligence.
u would make more if you didn’t pull put so early
I wonder if there’s ever been a day in human history (that is history of sentience or consciousness) when a human hasn’t died
In an alternate universe where IQ is negative, you are a genius.
blah blah blah bad business model Blockbuster. You gaybears have been saying it 6 months ago and this company is now turning profitable in 2021 and about to start making more revenue. If TSLA didn't teach you airheads anything, nothing will...

Piss off.
Make volatility HVM
You don't know many companies then.  

&#x200B;

Restoration Hardware - "We're all about cheap crap from discount makers sold at premium prices."  RH

Walmart - "We underpay our employees to pass the savings onto our bottom line" WMT

Amazon - "Covid?  What's that?" AMZN

Tyson - "I bet no 43 is gonna get it first" TSN

Musk - "There's no way this stock should go any higher."  Doh!  

Also Musk - "You!  Get back to work!  IDGAF about the pandemic!  You want a job, you risk death or long term disability" TSLA

I am sure I am missing many, but do you see where any of the companies policies actually affect their stock prices?  

GME may take advantage in a transaction between the buyer and seller of used games, but they are providing liquidity in a very illiquid market and taking on the risk that Cyberpunk is not going to be updated for the earlier consoles.  

You want better prices, sell it on Craigslist.  Otherwise write a letter to the board.  Maybe they'll give more consideration to yours than Cohen's.
We’re just getting started babbbyy! I give it a year before Warren’s pussy analysts are asking Wallstreetbets for advice in the comment threads!
The defining feature of stocks, is that the advancement is permanent and the declines are temporary.

Also, the market is up 4 years out of 5.

Place your money accordingly.
Gtfo
If pltr people think employes will sell shares after the time is up how does sell the news work. Would that mean instead it will skyrocket?
Waiting till end of lockdown to move out of my parents basement
F
Sold at 240. Glad I finally got out!
All I’ve found so far. I’m being hopeful but it does say the on site visit was concluded https://www.scmp.com/tech/policy/article/3115399/alibaba-antitrust-probe-ceo-affirms-commitment-regulated-development
Einstein biggest autist ever.
bro i can never tell if ur a bull or bear
big f-en tits let’s go

or the f-en bee
That's just what we need to keep this thing pumping! 💰
>obvious or not...

someone provide DD on this
To be the best at anything in this world you have to be autistic
Anyone else thinking to hedge with some 1/8 VXX calls for the Georgia runoff on 1/5?
source ?
enph
I bought one of their headsets once and it was such a piece of shit I had to double check if it was made by Mattel or something
#IMAGINE BEING A BEAR AND HOLDING PUTS DURING AN END OF YEAR RALLY 🤡🤡🤣
Two short trading weeks back to back should be illegal
Puts on WGO
If it actually squeezes it can go way above $500 for a short time. Someone did the math... with current short interest maximum ask would be around $2600 per share if all lend out shares had to be recalled instantly.
Maybe because direct links to seekingalpha are instantly blocked?
Huge gain potential
#BULLS ARE FUCKED
Also, pretty nice ranking for holiday sales [https://stocktwits.com/snowk88/message/260983915](https://stocktwits.com/snowk88/message/260983915) above eBay, Best Buy, Nike... There is some value you can put on a brand name alone, and I think Ryan Cohen understands this too, which is why he bought at $16
i thought i was the only one who ate salad straight out the bag, no bowl no dressing just a handful.
I want some of that Nashville hot chicken
Arkk is not nimble anymore.  Finding small up and coming companies doesn't help because there is too many hands in the cookie jar now
Amen to that. I see what y’all did to gme, Spce, nio etc
Ban
[removed]
„Not too risky“ -> $BABA

Love it
It just rolled of his driveway
Can't beat them $5 cocktails
I'm randomly watching awe right now. Anyone remember that buying jets show where they house hunted private jets?
yes, ICR is in january
BABA investigation over that quickly? Nice. Let’s fly
Bullish. Bad news are good news, means more sleepy stimmy to compensate no orange stimmy
True, I literally invested all my liquid capital in this stonk. Nothing more left until next payday.
😏😏😏😏😏
😏😏😏😏
It’s an OTC stock so not sure how RH handles those, if at all.
[removed]
😏😏😏😏😏
😏😏😏😏
[removed]
Hope no one held BA calls or shares. You're about to declare BAnkruptcy.
I wish I was here back then, that would’ve been amazing seeing the legend live
This some grade a perfect DD. Fuck China in her dirty slimy pssy.
He has been talking about this for several months. They have said when he sees stable revenue which may take years. I’m all in when it happens but don’t expect it anytime soon.
How bout baba puts?
Sold AAPL 132c expiring this Friday 🤡
Who the fuck names his child Melvin.
Double D
[removed]
No stimulus, which ain’t gonna happen
Market dont give a fuk. We’ve been so cucked by stimmy talks over the past 6months that shit cant get us hard or soft anymore. Priced in.
Not when Elon takes all of us to the Moon on his SpaceX. Puts on gravity, calls on oxygen tanks
Read a lot of Nassim Nichola Taleb (read slowly actually, thought a lot though), was convinced that 4 standard deviation moves were often super underpriced.

Also woke up and checked /r/teslamotors every day first thing in the am for 7 years, and after a whole lot of stagnation felt that the fact that revenue had 6x-ed while the stock stayed flat gave it a \~50% chance of tripling in the next year as Shanghai factory came online.

Really, was looking for overconfidence. Had a room of supremely intelligent folks around me telling me Tesla was bound to fail. Figured I could easily get 100:1 odds on them doubling. Overconfidence is my favorite thing in the world to bet against, because 100:1 or 10,000:1 are easy to get when everyone believes something can't possibly be true.

Which is why I couldn't believe I found it in Tesla. I like manufacturing because it is so predictable, you can see plans 5 years out and competitors a mile away. When you see production scaling, and zero competitors, and underpriced options, that's the time to play imo.

Overconfidence in them failing, combined with zero competitors on the horizon, and fantastic ramping of manufacturing. It's not certain that the stock will rise, but if it does rise, it might triple, so leveraging 100:1 via options is the place to be.

Don't see any similar bets now, I found 1 in 8 years of investing, and every new EV auto company entrant is being valued as if it's 2030, but personally that's where I've loved looking.

Overconfidence of doubters, predictable output, lack of competitors, and a whole lot of negative media with strong conviction in the believers. If you ever see that again, look for extreme options with strike prices 4 sigmas out.

Realistically it might have been luck, but I've only played options once in my life, and if I see a similar situation brewing I'll play them again.
Sure let's get semantic about things that are bullshit in the first place. I would just think if your family grew up knowing the guy it would bring a bone to pick. Im pretty damn sure whatever is out there is permanent and wasnt invented by a guy 200 years ago. But i guess thats just me.

As far as WSB, it isnt a religion, its truth... Like science it just continues to stand.
Cheers mate! I will check out tastyworks. Have a nice holiday
All of them
If you had bought gamestop SHARES at 2-3$ you would have a 10x by now. 

Things don't have to make sense to you, to make you money. Look at TSLA, NKLA, AAPL... if you trade on fundamentals in a hype based market, you will lose out - that's some vintage level boomer strategy. Trust me, I tried with MSFT calls since July, didn't work out. Now PLTR and GME though, good shit.
Me, and floss. HVM behaviour. You’d need tic tacs coz I guarantee your breath smell like ass crack
Well, the main difference why QS is more promising than NKLA is because Bill Gates and Co-Founder of TSLA (I forgot his name) are apart of QS. Those are some pretty important, intelligent, experienced, and well connected individuals that give QS a lot more certainty than NKLA if you ask me. I’d be lying if I said I haven’t considered some leap QS calls.
Inflation and as a consequence interest rates.
[deleted]
have u seen the chart? ;)

&#x200B;

But you are right. It is more a buy and hold thing.  
Allthough i didnt expect it to go up that fast!
Positions?
G
[removed]
Aye I got flashbacks on a pussy I had to reneg on eating when I started to venture down there and got hit with a crazy stench
This


Remember countrywide
What were your best bets this year?
Lol
Zoom out
there's a healer... u/SIR_JACK_A_LOT
[deleted]
Which ARK ETF should I buy?
FB ads are scammy garbage. They'll let anyone advertise with no DD. Once a suitable platform gains any traction, poots.
EST.  Elon standard time.🤮
Calls on Nio, Xpeng, and Li Auto if true
Green when we pass 2k per person stimulus
u/SaveVideo
420
Yeah i just watched a video measuring the drones air pollution and it actually isn't that bad it seems. It's still really early though. More of a buy and hold stock play for the next 5 years. Not really this subs style lol
Probably new users that weren’t there when it happened and just upvote any explanation that makes sense to them
Dunno about the SSN...I just set up a tastyworks account
Volatility this week will be nice 😎
Doesnt sound like reddit users i know!  O wait it does
I see one of ICLNs holdings CEN is undergoing a reverse split in June. Would this fuck up their gains? I see it's on a steady rise and follows FSLRs stock patterns much more
Damn there’s a lot of sexism on wsb, I guess I should’ve seen that coming from autistic gamblers
Any reason to be skeptical of PCPL? They have a DA with E2Open

I work for a company that directly works with them everyday, they work in e-commerce and networking and already provide a product/service.

I’m new enough to the game that I don’t know how to do a proper DD but it seems like a company that probably should be trading much higher than it is right now as far along as it is
I feel you. I got in on some mfa and nymt when they both were in the low 1$ range.
~~Trevor Milton~~ Mark Russell wants to know your location
4D pharma. 

Not pumping. Honest.
Because age of a religion is why you should chose to follow it.

I am a WSBist, and it’s only a few years old.
820
ALPP when it joins NASDAQ
When we land on mars what time zone will it be in?
For you: NKLA
Go back to sleep
That's actually why he bought puts on Apple, if I'm not mistaken

He's an incel
My 11 pro is pretty decent
300k... the balls on you brother. Thicc, plumpy balls..
Why is your linked article going through google amp first?
[deleted]
Big whale on our side. Have my upvote.
Interest rates going back up
First major bankruptcy(ies) in some sectors. Not everyone can just shrug off a 70% loss in cash flow and we're gonna start getting rude reminders as the pandemic approaches 1 yo.
Mods went straight and got girlfriends.
[deleted]
Fine morman person doesnt mean mormanism isnt dumb as shit. But hey non consensusal polygamous sex slaves are cool right? At least pick a religion thats been around more than a couple hundred years.
Yeah I know exactly how it worked, loads of people saw the issue and replicated it at the time it was all over the sub.

What I don't get is why obviously incorrect explanations are being upvoted now
Spinach is the shit
\+1
:/
Sometimes I eat spinach raw without anything not even salad dressing. Just being lazy and I need the nutrients in it. Not too much, probably half a handful.
I wonder how feels like to get a Platinum Award...
Hows Kuwait, Dan?
Lol most in the top100 wealthiest women list made their money by divorce

Only exception I think is Wallmart owner(s)
Female Dating sTrategy
otm
Tasmania is a little piss island in Australia
She helped him launch amazon, helped him come up with the name and managed the financials. Didn't do nothing in that company/relationship.
I‘m pretty sure it’s called retardation
???
SUK ME BABY
Im dead
Don’t tell me it’s MT
I think this is just China saying “Hey, remember you are and always be our bitch”....and then back to normal
[deleted]
Pleas fly again
[removed]
Dump eet
 I have a feeling I know what gender u/Everyman_B is.....
stfu this is what we are talking about.  50,000 moves or GTFO!!!
Amen 🙏
[deleted]
Lmao I like how he went from being an incel to a retard
[deleted]
GUH
This belongs in smallstreetbets
How did you get your SSN? Tried to register for robinhood yesterday.
What could cause the next big correction? Bad Q1 earnings? Im expecting Q4 to do pretty well
Don’t ask me where  Tasmania is located u retards , google it
HUHUHUHUH STONKS GO *BRRRRRRRR*!
You really underestimate those Drones.   
A lot of small electric engines and propellers are much more quiet than an normal helicopter!
[deleted]
What I always do, watch my options lose value as the day goes by.
What’s ur credit score
Now that u say this with everything they track and monitor and this and that Apple is the LAST company I want a car from
[removed]
Yolo puts on spy
Because population goes up and productivity goes up with it. 

Theoretically there is some point far in the future where population stagnates where it might not apply anymore. 

No reason not to ride the train right now, though.
PUS Marijuana is about to take off on a pro pot biden admin. GoP and dems can agree on anything except for this so they'll put more effort into it than currently expected. MSOS $48c 3/19
And they're still poor.
The glitch happened when the dude would write way in the money calls and He would get the premium for writing it. The issue is garbage RH saw the premium he just got from writing the itm call and matched it with margin and he kept doing that.
 

You are right. Looks i missklicked. I changed it!

But we could make Story out of it? ;)
Are you me?
[deleted]
[deleted]
I bought it 10 years ago. Never read a page of it.
u/controlthenarrative if you're out there give me a sign

Edit: Guh
Will i get banned if i mention his name? Lets check

Zjz
Stonks do whatever tf we tell them to. Nasdaq is our fucking bitch
damn.. it’s not monday yet?
I'll take the algos over at citadel any day
Check this post out https://www.reddit.com/r/investing/comments/kjgtuc/reminder_baba_stock_does_not_entitle_shareholders/
[removed]
Don't buy first thing in the morning, it always spikes then and gradually falls back to a sustainable level in a couple of hours.
Infinite energy idea inspired by NKLA: drill a hole through the earth and drop a ball down it in a vacuum tube, receive infinite energy from the thing just going up and down forever
Please keep buying my puts so I can retire by 40.
[removed]
u/EricFundings why are u a 🐻
thanks ended even but it was a wild ride I'm used to around like 1-2 percent up or down in a day cause i usually use stocks but besides the days that I played GME and won hard a couple of days ago that was the fastest movement I've ever seen.
My bad
[deleted]
It's really early for the company, not to mention the amount of noise those propellers must generate can't be much lower than that of a helicopter. It's hard to imagine cities outside of china allowing such massive noise pollution happening on a large scale. I think Elon is on the right track with the tunnels personally.
I feel like if I put 90% of my investing money into just stocks and the rest into options next year at this exact day I would have 6 figures.
down until new years is what i hope, then start 2021 nice and strong
Chicken
Next few months that isn't some penny stock? 

GME easily potential to do a 10x. Heck for some people that got in early it's already at 8x.
In UK and started buying shares in May found WSB and my ten bagger dream was born. Set up a US account in July with $15k & up $5k. Now realise ten baggers take balls but gonna keep going. Appreciate the derogatory manner members address one another...feels like old friends.
I ain’t mad, I just think it’s fucked up you don’t print my man
Now you got it!
I can get my crayons out and draw knobs and tits over the pages. Will that help?
Guh
The metal card is very fun. People notice the weight when you hand it to them. Mine has started to peel though, I didn't realize it's was one solid piece
Property insurance
Depends on the damage
Only 60 more seconds!
[deleted]
Buffet is our bitch, he's trying to buy the dip while we push everything to the moon
[deleted]
We’re always going to need gravity. Can’t go tits up!
Its pretty obvious China invented Covid to make this a reality
Amen baby that’s on god
Bc we fucking say so 😤😤
You buy inverses when they are going down, then sell the inverses at the end of the dip, and use the earnings to buy more dip.
Buy anything that have to do with renewable energy, new administration, environmental friendly will be the best thing going forward I don’t see how people can’t see this coming , renewable energy bubble soon , fuk tech and fuk the new tech mouse
[removed]
I agree, I have family that works there and I work for the company that does their last mile delivery. They have been doing it right for the most part. As for the split, Bezos has some weird vendetta against it. Maybe a sour taste from the last splits in the late 90's. Most of the new brokerages allow fractional shares so there is no extra pressure to push the issue.
Special thanks goes out to the people who upvoted the cake! 
My softest and warmest wsb-ballsack-massage goes to the ones wo gave me my first awards ever on reddit! thank you! (no homo)
Stocks only go up 😏😏😏
"investments"
[removed]
Thats not much of a story
Its crazy i have such a "bad" habit of spending 95% of my paychecks on investments, Almost a year ago I would just by ounces of weed by the month instead.
im at work finishing up this overnight clown shift browsing the wsb thread and listening to MOTM 3
You forget this fucking wall street. We own nasdaq muthafuckas! Nasdaq is our fucking bitch.
[deleted]
[deleted]
[removed]
Laying in bed naked watching the WSB feed
[removed]
GUH
Ricky Retardo
I dunno man every comment is about them

people spamming links and shit

sounds like these wacky bitches struck a nerve
AMZN will soon buy MARS and Jeff will chill with papa Elon in electric powered e-commerce friendly space suits
Good thing XETRA opens before NASDAQ 💪
Already own it 😏😏
AMC I baby
Look at it this way: this is a business they run, not a dating site. I'm sure they have a boyfriend or someone who loves them mutually. 

Don't like it? Don't give it attention or your money. It's like anything in life. These thots run a business. Unethical, depends who you ask, but still a business.
most likely pocket veto till jan 8th since if he immediately vetoed congress would just override with 2/3rds, tbis way trump causes max shitstorm with govt shut down, and not even $600 and we all get fucked
[removed]
Your ex-wife's Onlyfans.
Where can u find the hottest waitresses in america?
Does anybody know why LEAP 30 on 1/22 is less expensive than 27 1/22.  Is it better to buy a leap that is cheaper than the current stock price?
I need more gains so I can give them to vtubers
I wouldn't be on this sub if my thought process was geared towards successful investing.
You forget boomers still own stocks
Ofc, it's a compliment
Between 100-800€
Then they still would have the shorting fees + the hedge fees. But yes - you are right (IMO): if they believe in their thesis that GameStop is significantly overvalued, they would hedge themselves and keep paying short fees + hedge.
still got 2 days to go til mondayyy 

What are you guys doing this weekend>?
I don't where you are but I know the next big disaster, the Australian housing market, we have one tenth the US population, same amount of land and 10x the real estate prices, the next big thing to short is that
Start the wheel selling puts...
you can get rich selling calls to those idiots
Heavy af. Too big
Bro you took ur time to post this and google gme but u couldn’t fuckinf just try googling it as a stock? Room temperature IQ
Today is only Saturday wtf
AMZN is a no brainer.  It has been trading sideways through the whole holiday season, even with record levels of online shopping and with all the new online shoppers brought on because of lockdowns, it’s certain that AMZN will have record shattering earnings reports that are not yet baked into the share price.  I would buy now, don’t let the analysts steer the herds into AMZN before you.  By the time they report 4th quarter earnings the share price will have most of the gains factored into the price.
I want my virginity back so I can give it to cathie ❤️
>PSTH

About tree-fiddity
I don't understand half the terms but damn these jokes are the best ones I've ever seen.
Double dickin’
Wrong question. You want to know what the next major disaster will be. Unfortunately... No one knows. But that's when these things happen historically. Cultural shifts and disasters.
NKLA is more a gravity-energy stock
Thanks. I was more thinking along the lines of costs of base editing vs ZFN although I know safety of zFN is likely better today vs where crispr or base editing is
Theres no such thing as fundamentals anymore
Ticker for the above is LBPS
This is the longest weekend ever smh. Everybody ready for the action Monday? Thoughts on end of year market movements?
I love giving Cathie my funds 😌
Fgt delight
> This sub got all pissed off at the other sub instead of letting bitter women lead lonely bitter lives with no future or hope

>Because deep down they know they are low value men or have insecurity

>So they yell at the human personification of a brick wall

>discuss

You apparently can't tell the difference between upset, and amused mockery/derision. They're lunatics and broken people, not some enlightened powerful gatekeepers that we need to defeat before we can reach the sane women.
Market open when

My shaky hands are getting out of control how
Guh
I hope so too.
iPhone 12 Pro battery life is ass. Puts on apple 🍏
skateboarding legolas was my middle school hero
Cow free by 2055
Deep ITM leaps as collateral.
Ritualised mystic reading
Gme
Too good, don’t play it if you have goals in life
Stick your finger in your butt
Puts on you autist
As soon as that vid came out I shorted and waited, it payed off... XD
No I think Keyne West said that bro
I know it's sattire, but people misunderstand the statement.
World is turning on China, I ain’t even mad cuz I’m not holding baba anymore
[deleted]
We can always talk shit on Trevor Milton though, even though he left the "company"
Already priced in
Retail and Recreation.
SQUARE
It's wall Street bets after all, 😏😏😏
I'll be going all on the stocks recommended and if just one works it should cover my losses
I'd still be super happy with a 5x, which is $77 for me. I really hope it happens and if we get a good next year, I'm gonna be gunning for it.
In all honesty I have 1/4 of my shares at a sell order which gives me my initial investment back. After that i‘ll just watch and enjoy the show because everything will be pure profit
Women not getting atttention=they start having to put forth an effort
How did you withdraw funds process?
10,000 dollar steering wheel. *Sold separately 😕
Yaaaaasssss queeeeen
That's the kind of post I come here for. Top content quality.
Furiously dildoing
Go back to your mothers basement, simp
NKLA
The issue isn't this, but state govt deeming one business essential and the other not.  Usually the corporate owned or backed business was allowed to stay open, while the small business was told to close.

In blue states, where there were stricter shutdowns, we see more of this.

This is why red states wanted to remain open.

If the business is told to close, it can't generate an income.  If it can't generate an income, it needs some form of sustainment to remain liquid.  States don't have enough money to handle this, so they'd need fed help.  But the feds have been arguing for 6 months.

In my area, they were giving haircuts while wearing masks (haircutter and sometimes customer).  But if the govt is still telling you that you must still shutdown, people are going to fight back.  Esp when there haven't been much in the way of govt intervention to financially aid these businesses.

Which tends to anger people.  Between these selective shutdowns, and with medical professionals (such as the CDC and covid taskforce spokesmen) flipflopping on precautionary measures, you get a hostile group who are more and more convinced the precautionary measures are a joke invented for control.  Right or wrong.
r/savethisvideo
Sounds accurate... what’s the issue?
WHATS YOUR NUMBER MAGIC MAN
Make u/zjz the leader of WSB mods.
Need your advice! Best hydrogen (meme)stock ?
Lol that's  what I thought until I stared looking at some channels here ....
r/GirlsFinishingTheJob/
r/cumsluts/
And, coming soon to a graph near you, valley | $2,849
[deleted]
Both they have news to release upon listing for cancer treatment and IBS treatment
That's how you scoop up knowledge, duh!
Autists can be quite literal.
I buy stocks so I can sell covered calls.
If you’re brothers you both got the bad genes lmao
Do you reckon it will be pushed up by hype or just purely by fundamentals
I agree. It'll have to spike to that level. I mean in order to spike that hard though that's insane. Even the largest M&As this year hard trouble doing that much work and those are instantaneous.
Its the next greenwich life sciences that did 2400% in a day
Everyday is a dip
You’re insane
[removed]
the collective buying power of this sub is literally feathers in a hurricane. especially considering the yolos that wipe out 99% of people anyway. even despite the fucking pltr spam (which ill admit i have leaps on too), it was obvious from the posts theres just not enough influence here to do shit lol. i mean half these people are fucking kids still cockblocked by the PDT rule lmaoo
No one wants your PS2 games.
It's when your ATH is -99%
As someone who owns 200 shares of Boeing and has been in for about 20 years this is not relevant to the stock.  Puts is a waste of money.
4d pharma when is joins nasdaq its a spac with longevity acquisitions
mmmmhh  Tesla 2  ?
[removed]
You know when they say carbon free by 2050 they mean they will have eliminated everyone who isn’t part of the transhumanism movement who are plugged into a box somewhere to power the robots or something
It’s quite possible
[removed]
[deleted]
[removed]
I don't think we get to $100 if it's a slow burn. Maybe I'm too bearish in that sentiment, but I only see 3 digit prices if it gets out of hand and starts triggering circuit breakers.

Slow burn is $60-$90 at best imo.
I might sell my berkshire boomer stock for another 50 shares of GME
Yeah and you’ll end your lineage.  So none of your ancestors will make the same dumb mistake, because they won’t exist.
https://twitter.com/nypost/status/1342558478322298882?s=19

PLUG🚀🚀🚀
> "Be greedy when others are fearful, and be even greedier when others are greedy"

 -- Dr. Parik Patel, Christmas Dinner, 2002
I got 500 shares and I’m a fairly careful and well off person.
Another night another chimichanga to fill the void
Guh
I love how the stock up emoji is red and up is red. Asia style
This sub got all pissed off at the other sub instead of letting bitter women lead lonely bitter lives with no future or hope

Because deep down they know they are low value men or have insecurity

So they yell at the human personification of a brick wall

discuss
Damn, might just go long ROPE for those idiots.
Old news.
My dad is in the Illuminati and told me yesterday that he’ll never tell me anything because I’m a “retard”
i just realized that we won't be able to shit on NKLA soon because once its a penny stock WSB automod will auto-censor it 😣
The German is 95% identical to the subtitles, who of you guys is writing scripts for this degenerated show?

PLTR TO THE MOON 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
I look forward to when this becomes a subreddit just  for rocket enthusiasts
#China set to surpass U.S. as world's biggest economy by 2028, says report 

https://www.cnbc.com/2020/12/26/china-set-to-surpass-us-as-worlds-biggest-economy-by-2028-says-report.html?__source=iosappshare%7Ccom.apple.UIKit.activity.CopyToPasteboard


Imagine believing this 😂😂😂
That's not a reproduction problem, that's an alone problem. Humans are not built to be alone. You don't need to have kids to have company or live with other people. And if you have kids, there is no guarantee that they'll like you.
Eat skittles from between cathie wood's boobs
You actually think like this? 

Simping is similar to masturbation, cost is the only difference

Edit: same could be said for masturbating in general, and it goes for everyone, not just men. Even free porn, which you're still spending time which equals money.
Nice.
$LGVW is amazing. Amazing team, amazing tech.

Imagine being able to monitor your insides and see real time footage w/ your phone... Now you can and for only 2k. This is a 10x game changer.

Plus, now the whole world can afford ultrasound. This was unaffordable up until now.

This is in your pocket ultrasound. Every doctor, nurse and midwife in the future will have this.

The consumer market is just getting started too. Imagine you're pregnant or have a tumor (or 100+ other medical reasons you'd want a portable at home ultrasound).
stupid fuck thought apple would go down like 2 days after the release of airpods
Roll out past feb earnings...
No motherfucker the fake company with fake products isn’t going to make it — they shouldn’t even have a stock ticker, the IPO should’ve been reversed, or something
#He bought puts? 😂😂😂😂🤡🤡🤡🤡
DD literally said feb (after earnings) - june. Pretty sure you be fucked.
There is nothing diligent about your incoherent rambling, but i think we agree that pltr is a great long play
Ew 🤮🤮🤮
[deleted]
So fucking bullish for stocks
30$ call for March exp here
BABA 250CALLS ARE GOING TO ALLOW ME TO EAT TRUFFLES LIKE WAFFLES
Lol we are in 2013 4 years early. After 2009 because info travels fast n its clear we getting low int rates for a decade and we on the brink of tech revolution just go long arkg
It literally is
Best DD ever. I’m all in
BABA CALLS TO THE MOON!
Seriously?
Who else ate food today
But remember that shorts will unravel and these are huge blocks your betting on staying intact. I mean 100 is, imo, optimistic. Maybe it'll touch?

Basically the market is dynamic and it isn't how much you hold for but who will fold around you. The people who got in at 9 for instance get their 10x at 90, a ways away from your PT. And that's assuming they will stay until 10x. I see a large sudden spike and with a hedge set a huge unravel at one of the quarters, say April, when contracts expire. 

Still I think the price will definitely hold for a few months which will slow time for the Cohen bet to take hold giving you greater chances at your PT if he is swift and doesn't fuckitup.
How has evolution given them an imperative to be pregnant exactly? Childbirth has been the leading cause of death for women right up until the middle of the 20th century. 

And what is this mythical biological imperative, anyway? Cause I seem to have magically lived 35 years without encountering it.
Agree 100% mods are retarded for letting it get this bad.
Hahaha, this
They say "first one's free", you confirm that rule. Then they follow it up by saying "There's nowhere but down from now on"

Luckily, you were a smart retard and bought GME. Buy more GME. Buy all GME you can and see that money multiply.
Lmk when you find a broker.
Just did some research on QS looks like another Nikola, buying puts months out
SpaceX has been floated for at least a month.
Yeah this guy could've been at 15 million by now. What a dummy.
[deleted]
I'm wondering the same
Oh yeah it's Christmas so cool yeah haha yeah OPEN THE MARKET U FUCKIN CUNT
[deleted]
DUMB

DUMB-DUMB-DUMB

DUMB

DUMB

DUMB
Iron man suits coming soon
over 440% here lol
It’s not even in order.  This guy trying to make it look bad, but in reality he had a good yead
doing the opposite—choosing to not reproduce—has brought the natural and instinctual into the personal or cultural domain, going against biological forces

it's why all these chicks end up alone and hopped-up on anti-depressants
*How I, and all of my work and technique(not luck), won the powerball*
How about nikola? Should I load on the dip?
Everything’s priced in alr, how would it plummet?
[removed]
Don’t wipe your ass and you’re in that pussy for sure. Just make sure you don’t pull out or you’re a LVM
unless the stock tanks faster that you manage to make your money back selling covered calls though..
I'm honestly not sure if this is a joke or not.
Promise 😘😉
That game good?
Promise daddy? 🥺🥺🥺
If this causes a dip, then WSB is more powerful than I thought. That, and will buy another 100 shares if it goes below $21.50, with $18c/March exps. This shit happens literally all the time, and every where, across multiple raw materials.
Why is it not a good idea? If men stop paying attention to women then men win. It’s easy, just learn to jerk off instead of throwing money at dumb women. Men can regain their place as the choosers in the dating economy if they can just learn to not simp, women will have no choice but to step down from their delusional reality and come back to earth
asked this question before the who HVM thing came up but with this new knowledge in mind...
 
do you all think i have a chance with Iggy Azalea?
$60+ is doable without the squeeze - not guaranteed, but possible, if we get good 2021.

I am talking theoretical scenario where SHTF and we get MOASS.
People get more and more retarded everyday lmao
I don't know. It's hard to pay attention to stonks when I can just give my money to Mama Cathie and eat Nutty Bars while playing World of Warcraft.
That’s wild. What resources did you use to risk half your net worth into TSLA calls? 100 baggers aren’t Fucken easy at all lol.
You can still buy $1 McChicken
They vote on stimulus early next week, it will get passed and we'll fucking moon, lmao
[deleted]
See, my strategy is to buy the peak and expire in the dip. Every time.
Excuse me did you just call me a retard?
[removed]
Nobody tell him
How not? lmao stimulus isn’t getting passed, government shutdown. have you been trapped inside jerking off for a week or what
Stall & distort. Don't expect them to concede without a fight. The more we go sideways, the more they can squeeze their way out of this with minimal losses, maybe even slight gains. These fuckers are manipulating on an industrial level, doing complex spreads and smear campaigns to back it up, so yeah, expect a lot more red days resulting from nothing but hedgies driving the price down.
GME won't reach 100. Still, I'd go for 60 or 70 at the best. That is pretty good and will be an ATH.
I’m bored. What y’all up too?
I bet your grandpa crossed your name off his will lmao.
Please keep us updated
Guh
I have a limit for shares at 201,195,185 and 175. I can see it going down more in the short term but this shit is a steal at these prices. I’m sure none of these will ever fill haha
He’ll be remembered, but DFV shall be known as the KING
You been selling covered calls against those shares? Good way to bring in some extra gains, worst case you miss some potential gains.
The GME pump is some of the dumbest shit WSB has ever got behind.

Imagine pumping Blockbuster in 2007.
Company got exposed as just being an idea essentially
Ban! Make wsb great again
I'm not white knighting, this just sounds autistic, and not the good kind 🤦🏻‍♂️
What’s that
Because it won't plummet, lmao
Guh
That album was a whole lotta ass
[deleted]
No need to tag this as satire. This whole sub is satire.
Come on man don’t white knight lol I already have a good woman I’m doing this for y’all’s benefit
I'm a sick fuck, I like a quick fuck
I like my dick sucked, I'll buy you a sick truck
I'll buy you some new tits, I'll get you that nip-tuck
How you start a family? The condom slipped up
I'm a sick fuck, I'm inappropriate
I like hearin' stories, I like that ho shit
I wanna hear mo' shit, I like the ho shit
Send me some mo' shit, you triflin' ho bitch
You can just Google it too its there
Yoooo just checked, what the fuck happened to them?
Jesus Christ an actual company providing the literally solution to climate change gets shot down I don’t care about what foreign policy says or does this company has patents and the answer to sustainable fuels and there’s gonna be enough traction when moron Joe passes the green new deal and dems win the senate to where this company surpasses Tesla and amazon in market cap downvote me now see you in 5 years
[deleted]
GM wants all of their assets when they finally fail as an independent company. 

GM has the industrial horsepower to take the leftovers and use them to augment their own EV programs.
Gonna laugh at you when the bubble pops
The Italian word for a bassoon is Fagotto. Which I think translates to firewood, those poor bed post instruments. 

Anyway, the D stands for Delight. Why exactly they're called that, I dunno. They should be called retard rockets, but maybe someone was thinking of how rich Liberace was or something.
[removed]
If you fucking sold like a little bitch boy it would be worth showing a loss better be holdin on
Shits gonna get fucking nuts in your life if you ever learn to read
[removed]
Stonks go 📈
Bruh wtf you talking about lol. Normal recommended down payment is 20% (anything lower requires mortgage insurance), but even if we take 10% that’s $55K lol not $20K

Edit: I was not aware of First Time homebuyer deals, so I was wrong with my statement. However, overlevereging yourself that much could still make it difficult to keep up with the monthly payments, especially if a tenant leaves or you cant get a room filled
Fat dicks
if the company actually does go bankrupt further OTM is the highest yield strategy. For example, right now the lowest strike put for 21JAN22 is $2.5 with an ask of $0.55 (see [here](https://www.barchart.com/stocks/quotes/NKLA/options?expiration=2022-01-21-m)). That means max gain at expiry for each option is $250 for each $55 invested, that is, roughly a \~400% ROI. Compare it with e.g. the $10 strike put at the same date which has an ask of $4.10. That gives you max gain at expiry of $1000 for each $410 invested, which is a meager \~140% ROI. 

Of course, this is all assuming you hold to expiry and the company goes bankrupt.
No one does
[deleted]
Who Is this motherfucking gay retard??
# thread is buried further down than BABA calls
Y'all surprised FDS exists? This whole fucking website is full of incels.
They’ve actually done this for years
Yes, looking forward to a strong year for PERI!
Why is literally no one talking about how the casino is gonna plummet come Monday
Considering previous heights during console season, and the higher shorting, it’s gonna be ~$100
I thought Alibaba was China...
[deleted]
Also hold up,.....  Who the fuck watches porn on reddit lmao
https://youtu.be/XR_zPI7DPD0?t=169
Yep, you belong here.
LVM = Large Vindictive Mammal = Bear
You got your wish, son. Spice Girls cds and an Elton John action figure.
Have been with GME for some time, but now I seriously consider to average up at current price levels. I believe at least 30-40 SP should be achieveable even without a takeover and a squeeze. Hard to find comparable value in other stocks
The only thing this lot is up against is itself. Institutional shorting can and does last *years*. And much like shares going up shorts don't lose money until they sell. If this goes up to 200 in a day and goes to 15 the next they made money on their 16 short. 

The console cycle is a large event but it is only an event. Most of you didn't care GME had a ticker a year ago, remember? Everyone knows it and this game is long. That's why Tesla shorts are so wildly confusing; They're just burning out due to capital weight but that's 60 to 2500 not 4 to maybe 50 or 60. 

TL;DR: Melvin will be fine. You have no opponents. Just enjoy the earnings and move on.
100% gain, but only started learning about investing in Dec and options in June.. bring on 2021!
Lmao we don’t do that here only puts and calls haha
Clearly he's a dick. If he was gonna do that, he could at least buy her a vibrator.
I bought shares 🤡
[deleted]
[deleted]
lmao
Have more episodes I guess?
You guys buying puts on BABA?
9 months is fine. I just wonder why someone is spending money on nails and rings. Like Jesus, there's got to be something practical and useful that you can use to pledge your love with. Sincerely, does your entire life revolve around how pretty your photos are?
You don't want to zoom in.
[removed]
[deleted]
The party told you to reject the evidence of your eyes and ears. It was their final, most essential command.

I would think about deleting this before Mr. Powell is informed.
Started on March 16 of this year. Bought my first Spy put and was up 40% in about 5 minutes. It was pretty intoxicating. Unfortunately it set me up to believe that stocks do in fact go down. If I'd just bought a fuck ton of calls, or even just shares, I'd be up massively right now. Instead I spent the next month or so losing money being a dumb bear as the printers ran.

Managed to lose about 80% of my savings before I finally converted. Only finally hit a profit going all in on NIO and PLTR. Though I've gone back into the red all-time with some dumb  PLTR 12/11 30c. I consider it just an expensive lesson, which I'll recover from soon enough. Building a more balanced portfolio of shares to sell CCs on, and only YOLOing on the most convincing of DDs with at least 3 rocket emojis.
> Five years in was successful until trading clinical stage biotech

What happened there? Lessons learned?
He already is
> Women don't actually have any kind of biological imperative for being pregnant. At all. So if there's a problem, it's cultural or personal.

Lol only a million years of evolution / natural selection.

This is such a dumb statement
Someone should make a game: Ad for PTON or ad for whore using images from PTON ads: 

https://youtu.be/XR_zPI7DPD0?t=169. Why the fuck would she lie on a bed?!
Reading this post makes me question life. If this guy is in it, maybe I really should sell all my PLTR calls.
So an LVM is basically just a Ber?  Starting to understand now
Yo I still don’t know what FDs is
20/10 chance the sub is all dudes
Just woke up from a nightmare that I was holding NKLA calls
It’s not a fuckup, it’s a *long-term play*
Thought I was only one who liked the first one best.  Loved how mysterious it was for lack of a better term... others were mostly fight scenes.
You're reaching.
Any of the Chinese EV except Kandi. 

There is still uncertainty with investor confidence (even though the three Chinese EV are compliant with the SEC), the BABA shit might set them back a bit, but once the uncertainty clears, they have a huge addressable market that they can dominate (assuming Tesla doesn't crush them)
No penny stocks / small market cap.

Read the posting guidelines before shitting up the sub.
Leaps my G. Learn and join the gang
Wait until they tell us about the parking "stand"
It’s not quality though. New phones have worse lithium than previous models. 

Apple just charges more for last years innovations.
for real.. hurt me a lot this week
It's DD.
Congratulations! You deserve it for diamond handinf it through thick and thin. Not many people have the conviction that you did let alone the knowledge base to assess a company like this. Hope you get to buy some tasty chicken tenders for the family.  

Also subscribed to your channel. Congrats
Your post has been removed because a single link is insufficient DD. Please review the following links before resubmitting.

Please note that abusing DD flair can lead to getting banned.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

[How to conduct DD](https://www.wallstreetoasis.com/forums/on-the-job-with-simple-as-my-research-process)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Buy your shitty shares and go beat off over them with the people in r/investing
[removed]
The bike is a prop to make the performers believe they are not whoring out.
CSIQ FEB, PERI April, SGMO June I believe. You?
Y’all asking positions. True retards know it’s doggy that’s how I’m fucking his wife.
As long as we keep 🐍we are untouchable
[removed]
Ticker?
Please ban him
[deleted]
Women don't actually have any kind of biological imperative for being pregnant. At all. So if there's a problem, it's cultural or personal. Why the hell anyone would be desperate to destroy their body and their finances, I have no idea. 

And I dunno, LVM who can't find women seem to turn into incels or want to commit violence of some kind. That can't be healthy.
Why hide your market value but show total gains along with the percentage?  You got $162,554.88 in shares and you should be buying GME shares with that ;(
More like 100k he was leveraged 50k from almost nothing using an infinite leverage loophole.
WSB is gaining negative attention. Imagine if yesterday there was a WaPo article where they blamed this sub for being full of misogynistic male. You think Reddit will give a two hoot about your (correct) argument ? 

WSB has already been referred as sub full of homophobic lingo.
U r gay
Omg this loser breadfruit is still alive
Can we do the same with incels so I don't have to read dumb shit like this?
What is the play for these boomer Hedgies? Trying to understand why they don’t cut bait after the current growth. Asking for my wife’s boyfriend.
GME will drop to 15 and maybe even 13 before it goes back anywhere near 25 or 30
Calm down, sir. It's the middle of the night in America, people wont reply now.  

BTW, it doesn't matter how good the fuel is, as long as governments are not subsidising it, it wont be successful. Major cities have already committed to prohibiting ICE vehicles in the next years.
I heard that when you buy your fifth bike, you get a sales person -- they call them Hors -- for an intense demonstration. 

How many Watts is she cycling?
u/savevideo
Was this live steamed?
Simps already get shamed for buying porn
now do all in options you cunt
Did he ribbit?
What position do you suggest?
[https://www.investopedia.com/terms/h/hot-waitress-economic-indicator.asp](https://www.investopedia.com/terms/h/hot-waitress-economic-indicator.asp)
[deleted]
[removed]
They're handling it well. Good PR.
BIg bRaIN tIMe
The man is crying because he got 30% return, it would take boomers a lot of years to accomplish this
exactly. this is good tho, because we have too much population right now anyways
27 lots shopify
Mmk. People thought cohen was stupid to compete with Amazon and other retailers. 3b later.. He sells. Now worth 9b.
Yup guh = when you fuck up so bad you immediately look for a ledge to jump off of.

I believe the story is he got away with not paying his debt but his account was closed and was banned from trading.
Alex Karp cum save us
I expect at least one comment in the morning trying to refute why this company won’t 100x by 2025 if not you all have really failed my expectations not that I had any to begin with
puts on the world population. the japanese were always way ahead of their time.
It’s that woman from the GTAV side missions
Guys let’s make simp shaming a thing so onlyfans and twitch hoes go broke, let’s see how high value these hoes are when they lining up to work at Wendy’s
I have a Roth from my employer, just boomer mutual funds making 6-8% yearly gains. If I was content with retiring at 65 I wouldn't be here. I get an employer match, which I'm not sure if I should just ignore or if there's a way to transfer into a yolo account. I like free money.
Someone link me where all this HVM IBM shit is coming from i feel out of the loop.
What does a kidney go for on the black market?
PERI TDOC
Went to collect their LGBTQ stimmys from Pakistan.
Hey! I think I sold you those lmk
A few weeks ago I had Butter Chicken at 3AM, woke up the next day, had forgotten about it, and my throat felt fucked up, so I thought I had COVID and got tested.

Then I remembered.
Sir this is a Wendy's
FOUR or HBI. BRK.B is starting to look good too
[removed]
They don’t let you post without mod approval so we can’t really raid. Mocking other subs isn’t against the rules.
Someone please prove me wrong why anything even EV is better than isobutanol I will shut you down
[deleted]
BABA shareholders own a stake, through American Depositary Shares, in Alibaba Group Holding Limited, a Cayman Islands-registered entity,[10] which is under contract to receive the profit from Alibaba's lucrative Chinese assets.[11] BABA shareholders do not have a proprietary interest in the chinese-registered Alibaba company's assets, only its profits.[11]
[deleted]
I know it sounded like I was bullish on ethanol, but it was quite the opposite. Look up its history in Brazil and you might rethink about isobutanol. I like the idea 9f biofuels, but unfortunately governments have huge influence in energy markets and right now, they decided to use EVs as their go-to distraction to the fact climate change is gonna kill us all (EVs or no EVs).
Use a mirror
Tesla stocks holding since Jan 2020 and dollR cost averaging Uber, Hertz and some cruise before Jun 1 crash. Loss after Sep 2 Tsla drop.
BABA shareholders own a stake, through American Depositary Shares, in Alibaba Group Holding Limited, a Cayman Islands-registered entity,[10] which is under contract to receive the profit from Alibaba's lucrative Chinese assets.[11] BABA shareholders do not have a proprietary interest in the chinese-registered Alibaba company's assets, only its profits.[11]
11/10 chance they're both hideous with no self confidence
Stop mentioning that god forsaken sub or WSB will be banned for brigading or some other made up charge. Where are mods ?
Im not posting any more DD just know I graduated with the same degree as some of these guys and this shit makes absolute sense they have the patents they have the vision and they are damn well ready to scale the shit out of their model I’m in 50k in this company will post position when company takes off don’t worry I have more for this sub after I make millions on this stock
i have both. plan to roll as much gme as possible into psth once i sell for 100
[deleted]
Lmaoooo😂
[deleted]
[deleted]
Tbh, FDS is just the social consequence of the widening of the sex gap that all dating apps and OnlyFans have caused. When men can access the top chicks in the market by clicking one button, or if they are ugly, jerk off to their favorite internet thot, why would they even think of wifing one of these ridiculous hoes. They keep thinking they will find HVM, but that's not going to happen. HVM are meeting HVW like never before, because the market has become much more efficient. And since LVM prefer to jerk off to a computer than bother with a relationship that will not satisfy their delusional expectations, LVW are just fucked. LVM will actually survive this, because they can still jerk off and be fine, but LVW will really go nuts when they find out at 35 yrs old that no one will impregnate their eggs. It's their biological clock speaking, and its very upset
FDS is nothing but LVW with IBS and ADD looking like they take HGH with FAP never WAP
What dip?
Congrats man
Post positions or ban. Not talking about sex
positions either. That might be confusing.
Correct. But he technically owes the money. The glitch was an infinite loop to leverage basically borrowing money and then borrowing more using the borrowed money previously as collateral. Start with 100 bucks and after a few iterations you have a 50k loan and then lose another 50k.
I'm already 170% on GME on margin. Other 20% is PSTH .
Underrated comment
Yeah, I understand the basics of the shitstorm events like that, but it's legit hard to come to terms with those prices when the current one is just $20 XD
Get in retard 🚀
Always thought he was a cock breath with his broke back mountain looking outfit
I would call him a simp but i just donated 6 bucks to a cam girl so im living in a glass house atm.
👆Nominee for WSB fucked up hall of fame.
You got it wrong, LVM🙄🙄
Withdraw cash limit, buy TSLA FDs.
[deleted]
You underestimate how retarded people are
Ethanol sucks lmao you can’t achieve net neutral with ethanol nor can you supply half the worlds feedstock while also producing LITERAL FUEL with biofuels ethanol is dead isobutanol will reign supreme
With all that money, can't you get your dick sucked 2+ a day instead of the jack off? Or are you just bring frugal at this?
Fuck you congrats positions or ban
9 months late. It needs to happen on the first date
So if Ma is going, wouldn’t that be good for BABA?
I don't expect my 300 to sell, but things could get really screwy with circuit breakers stopping trade and resuming. Keep in mind, assuming it happens suddenly, that it will be a multi-day event. That's a shit ton of shares to trade at exponentially higher prices with circuit breakers causing more panic and confusion.
HVM = Bulls

LVM = Bears
Open up a ROTH IRA. You can deposit up to 6k a year to fuck with. No capital gains tax if you leave the funds in your account until 59.5. (Which obviously is the hard part.) after 5 years you can draw principle out and leave profits to multiple tax free

Edit: As corrected you can take principle back after day 1. 🐣
Everyone should have a Roth IRA account. 

Do your risky stuff in there
I disagree. Jul 16 C 20 is safer. It's (currently) ITM and cheaper plus has no theta burn risk if playing Q4 but a better gamma for the ride. My guess is you'll make money no matter what so you'll want the sweeter delta and better gamma love. 

The APR is too close though for my taste but a one to play a run-up if you're into super gamma.
I took out a second mortgage for GME 🚀 🚀 🚀 jk, but 4 real buy GME 🚀 🚀 🚀
Ahh Scottrade. That brings me back. I miss those commission loving ducks.
Oh I get what you were saying in that first comment now, didn't read it properly the first time...

No, I know, I've seen the most recent short interest, it's bigger than it was before, which is fucking insanity.
Good for you, really.
she holds the upper hand
Ethanol would like to have a word with you.
He was until this trade. My point being is odds eventually catch up with heavily leveraged retards thinking they are autists.
[removed]
r/WSB = HVM

r/investing = LVM
Life hack: When you want to jack off to something but the post nut clarity has been recently tied too much to shame. Just donate like 6 dollars to a Venezuelan chick to spit on her own tits while she fingers herself like she hates her pussy. That shits not only hot but it can also maintain a family going through some tough times.
My thoughts is that I’m down a lot of money right now
I was balls deep since 15, bought the dip at 13. Tried to day trade at 17 and committed to diamond hands at 20.
It’s perfectly ok to understand, but after you’ve lost/are going to lose someone close to you, it’s more important to realize that to be able to live life and feel is such an underestimated blessing in disguise.   Try not to let the investing/money mentality of assigning value to things intrude on the way you value your own life and the hassles you have to deal with. We were never biologically meant to deal with shit like that.
[deleted]
pffff lmao XD
tldr: doesnt buy his gf a christmas present but spends $450/month on onlyfans
Im actually glad we are not allowed to trade with options in the eu.
Calls on their divorce
Went to watch some Porn on reddit..somehow got shown a WSB meme of $PLTR while scrolling...thought the meme was funny..did about 6 mins of DD on Palantir..Yolod my like savings of 50k into it..my first investment ever...
That convinced me to buy Puts
Dear calls, you still ain’t print or mooned, I hope you have a chance
This is the only way.
Dang, I thought I was greedy with my $155 target, but apparently that's gaybear attitude. Gotta reevaluate my thoughts then.
That's what that sound is.
Sell 10% at $1000 and see how we go from there
so u don’t make this in one take home portion of a paycheck after taxes?
Post>report> wsb> NO BULLSHIT


Ban for life no respect for cucks like him
CLDR
I have a 403b from a previous job and a 401k from my current job. My 403b is the majority of my retirement savings and has made 8% over the course of a year. The 401k has only been active for a few weeks and is in an "aggressive allocation strategy" yet still somehow puts money in bonds. Most of my options and yolo trades are done through an etrade brokerage account. Until this year I have been able to claim capital loss, so it hasn't been a tax issue. Right now I might make $10 profit when I file so it makes sense to move this shit into a tax deferred account.
[deleted]
tldr
“My now fiancé took me to the nail salon just a few days before proposing to make sure my nails were done for the photos. It only took him nine months to propose! He always knew I was the one for him. Your HVM is out there ladies!”

9 months?!!
Ban


jk all hands on deck bud, just promise to 💎👋
GME 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀
Short interest grew, I'm not gonna run around the web to grab every resource for you. Take it or leave it.
+132% 🤙 the only positive thing in my life from 2020 was stock gains
Totally HVM
Yeah thats cuz a lot of women dont realise their pussies reek. Some women are unlickky and hve really smelly ones - and they cant smell it themselves and men dont tell them. You expect me to go down on that while gagging for air??

Like you gotta deep clean that shit it makes me tear up. Anyway that relationship didnt last long
[deleted]
We are low value men here so we don’t wipe our ass after we take a big pump.
Expiry /strike?
Do I sell my PSTH shares now for GME???
Agree, post your position man
iborrow only tracks Interactive Brokers platform, it has no data for Robinhood, Vanguard, Fidelity, TD Ameritrade, Schwab... It's no longer relevant as a guesstimate tool.
[https://www.reddit.com/r/FemaleDatingStrategy/comments/kk5puk/absolutely\_speechless\_scrotes\_doesnt\_get\_gf\_an/](https://www.reddit.com/r/FemaleDatingStrategy/comments/kk5puk/absolutely_speechless_scrotes_doesnt_get_gf_an/) 

HAHAHA   WHICH ONE OF U WAS IT ??
Buy Ford $F
All these hypocrites, working for couple of years in a garbage company like FB until their options vest, then they trash everyone and everything
Idk. I do lol. Also wash my face twice a day do bro. Minimal effort in taking care of yourself. Eating healthy is much harder.
[removed]
lmfao
So basically you're going to use your only two original thoughts to follow the herd. "Big Steppa" indeed.
im all in on pltr, but you write like a cuck and i cant take you seriously
Any undervalued plays you think will pump soon?
Can individuals do something like an NOL carryforward? Hypothetical of course, since my stonks are up bigly
I literally said it in the last sentence, you retard.

It's definitely worth the time from a UX perspective. You want to prevent server error responses before sending the request if possible.
I am confusion
This place is wild. Someone suggested the same thing a month ago, and was beaten to shit (pussy, retard, gay, real traders risk real money, etc).. I don't remember ONE positive comment. 

Now, nothing but "what a great idea..."
Idk but apparently I checked the price on apple 14k times this year.
Weekend Dow is
It honestly gave me a good laugh 😂
Goodnight my boys
**Almost everything a man says is projection and/or self-serving. It's time we stop accepting their word at face value.**

Been telling this girl I’m interested in that I find her interesting.... according to this though...

#Im interesting!
Low effort link with no DD is not a DD.
Clearly they have value if someone is paying them dude. Money is money, whatever weirdass moral judgements you've got on sex.

Trading is a real job, therefore anything that makes money is a real job. YouTube channel,   
Twitch stream, onlyFans... seems pretty real to me. Don't be jealous that they're not blowing you dude, that's creepy.
Market definitely overreacted, BABA by $350 next year
You fucking god. What the fuck.
What happened to him?
Which one of you did this?!
Think your logic through. 

If male active managers in an industry dominated by males wanted to be paid even more why would they specifically put out and confirm propaganda that makes them look less skilled?

To say this is to also state that the rise of index investing is also propaganda and that the studies were put out by morons who simply want to undermine the human spirit. 

Male active traders are being attacked!

The fragility of your ego is showing.
Well you can go 100 stocks when your young, I think the bonds thing only applies for old people
I'm not saying I wouldn't... And I didn't say it was a bad option, making shit tons of money doing mundane sexual things, that's the life. But 1) just cause you make shit tons of money doesn't mean you have high self esteem, and 2) most of these girls probably lived harsher lives, or were met with obstacles they couldn't get over, and are left with limited options, thus turning to camming/onlyfans... that sort of "failure" (maybe not getting into college, maybe dropping out, maybe having no job, maybe having a bad relationship with parents/boyfriends) could easily lead to low self esteem..
Ok.
[deleted]
Between 350 and 9000 hours
This should be played in history lessons in schools
[removed]
Are you me? I lost about 500 gambling on BB. my PLTR is flatline. MT is bleeding. Thiccb and stic tho are keeping me green for the year!
[removed]
task failed successfully
Seems like getting wet over a 31.5m contract was a bit of overkill. 31.5m barely covers the cost if of a screwdriver and 6 screws in the military. They land a bil contract or 5, then its a big deal. Till then, I'm in with calls/shares going full retard on this bitch.
Why are you going to any other sub?
Well this also means more demand for GME consoles. They will sell every console they have becuase demand is so high.
Nike factory
graham became a technical trader later in his life.

technical trading is bullshit- enjoy
GUH
Calls on $HVM. Am all in.
The only dip I get is when I ask my girlfriends boyfriend for money for tendies and get honey mustard sauce for dipping
[removed]
I'm seeing a lack of gme in this thread
Fuck that FDS sub is cringey af. They are the female version of incels
I tried, could not
Amazon also sells pet food and accessories, and Chewy (the ex company of Cohen) killed it. Also you have to understand that we are a very small % of the people playing games. Practically the 80% of the non gamers that I know (but that still owns a console) goes to retail store to buy things.
Wonder why they are smiling. Must be their $5k baby dick gains 🤷‍♂️
No it's not, you had to write contracts against the stock to get infinite leverage. You couldn't just keep buying more stock - how would that even work? Think about it.
I also said "in the best case scenario", so I was providing the best possible estimate, because I know realistically it's probably not 10%, but apparently you just decided to be a dickface and ignore that part.

So yeah. Fuck you shithead.
🥰😭
Is the market open on the 26th?
Use it responsibly and congrats.
How many total hours do you think you spent watching your stocks?
who the fuck brushes their teeth twice a day?
Gains are gains, man.
So she's basically a shitty woman dating shitty guys.
If you point the screen away from you, then you should be able to read it
Probably went paranoid thinking about all the child support he ditched for baby Yoda
21st chromosome so big you can see it with the naked eye
u/savevideo
Buy boomer stocks and underperform nasdaq for the next couple of decades
No those were all natural buys, short interest actually grew as iborrow ran out.
This is the tough part. I have more buying power now, but I am scared of dips cuz when you have so much of margin in a play... a tiny dip can fuck ya.
Well, used to work for Intel (hah) and got my first stocks that way through their EPP, made about 50% on them over the years just by holding, then before Feburary, rumors of an upcoming market crash everywhere convinced me to sell in Jan, good timing.. crash happens, then i think to myself, hmm , good time to buy back in? maybe put it all in QQQ? oh there's a leveraged ETF! TQQQ? but i do some "dd", and everyone an their mother on youtube and the internet is saying that we're not done crashing, bear market rally blablabla.. i ofc listen to the idiots and put 30k into SPXS and some puts.. 2 months later and i realize, ok no crash, take out the 13k i have left.. been trying to break even ever since, came close a few times, main problem is ive been trying to do it fast since i have to pay this huge tax bill i didn't know about.. and that's been killing me. shorter expiry plays.. (& tech dumping on vaccine news..) never play under the duress of time.
half that sub must be trolls baiting other men
Yes, by selling contracts against it, not just by buying more shares.
[removed]
Jeezez bro, this is the dude that just vetoed giving everyone free money. 99% sure the only way stimulus will go out is if they override him.
He was testing Luke
I went through and upvoted all the guhs for my fellow comrades
OK fuckface, let's use your numbers then.

If every WSB user owned $83 worth of stocks (that would be 4.1191 stocks) of GME, that would literally be 10%+ of all shares out there.

You'd be surprised how many silent users here have hundreds of thousands of dollars to throw into something and they do keep up with WSB memestonk mania.

Sure, not all of them are all in, a lot of people here don't own a single GME share, but my own microdick position of just 231 shares covers for 50 other members' not having a single GME share. I see hundreds of comments of people owning several thousand GME shares. That fucking adds up, REALLY fast.

If every WSB user who does own GME stonks owned just \~$1,400 worth of GME stonks on average (69.4789 stonks), it would take only 100,000 people to own 10%

I don't know the real stats, nobody does, but if you can't see how a 10% estimation is possible, you're a bigger retard than every GME gaybear combined.
the comments where he’s explaining how way over leveraged and in over his head he is, and someone gives him gold lmao
Thanks maybe I’ll put my $600 in aapl
I got banned from this sub because they got fucking butt hurt from being called out. Nikola is worse than a cult. That sub is pathetic.
You lost me at intelligent
i'd jerk off on camera for a million bucks a month idgaf

thats more money than most CEOs make who the fuck could say no to that?
Sounds very HVM. Congratulations
Yea, analysts have already said without a squeeze and assuming GME is profitable again and experiencing normal growth online; A $50 price target is completely reasonable.
No. Does anyone actually agree on the definition of God?
Uhhh that’s a HVM
Then buffet yoloed non-stop all his career, buying near bankrupted companies, see geico that was 40% of his network at some point ( he yoloed in a fucking chocolate makers company, buffet is full of shit he was the 70s elon for the boomers, ppl buying anything because buffet name was on it) berkshire has no vision, im waiting to short it the day he died, like im fucking ready for it, fuck him, he slowed apple and everything he touches. Idgaf my puts are ready
Guh
Gotchu fam, AAPL 3 Trillion market cap by July 2021 confirmed
how do you feel being exploited like that?
20€ gain, beats lossing everything
I got 2023 leaps on Etsy
Puts! On aapl!!!!
I read many articles in the Economist "The World in 2021". Although there is no direct mention of PLTR, all the important things happening in 2021 can be a plus for PLTR. PLTR is all AI, helping in allocating the vaccines, cybersecurity, optimizing green energy solutions, and many more opportunities to tap. 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Please don't do this. Maybe you're new. This short squeeze discussion has been going on for months. Buy shares or long dated calls - if you're willing to pay the premium.
“This is soo disgusting! Whenever there is a bad personal hygiene problem anywhere 9 times out of 10, it's a man! Not washing your arse is so gross, yet it's normal for men to leave skid marks on their undercrackers. I just do not understand them. Not brushing teeth and flossing? Very common too. I have never had a boyfriend who brushed his teeth twice a day like he should. They are like little children.”

🐻
Got approved for the amex gold today. Sounds dumb/childish but honestly was always a goal of mine to get a nice metal card with really strong benefits, coming from a family that wasn’t the most well off or good with finances
Up whatever Tesla will be.
Did they keep the oil? How did that work out for them?
I have my first 1/3 selling at 100, my second 1/3 at 200, and my third at 300. Expect to see circuit breakers and massive jumps in prices every time trading resumes. I'll probably change my first 1/3 to 150. No sense leaving too much on the table.
Just offer a bit of the old nose sugar and you are in the roll, no need of fancy/cheap restaurants
Being in a relationship with a glorified cam girl is a pretty cucky thing to do, so of course he’s going to look like one.
Sums it all up pretty well. 

https://imgur.com/qNmIK8m
Easy
I love this sub so much
I can’t
He's gonna grab a stack of cash slap his dick with it and say boom my parents thought I was dealing drugs
Big sausage pizza
Depends. Lube or no lube?
oh, it's good alright
gme bb ride that Train
Short interest of 135% has nothing to do with what returns would look like. But... what it does mean is that when shorters need to buy back shares to give back to peeps that lent them the shares... there won't be many shares available for them to buy: Simply put, demand high as fuck, supply low as fuck.

I'll let you figure out the rest and jerk off to it.
Apple headphones max cost $599 (after tax), proposed stimulus might still be $600. Im just saying look into it,
[removed]
I'm not saying she doesn't live a great life full of riches and wealth... But If I made money only through my body/appearance I would feel unaccomplished and shitty.
[removed]
Buy. The. Dip.
🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
renewables. 

clean energy stocks and ETFs

icln

tan

fslr
What are your positions?
Haters will pretend there isn’t another comma in that number. you keep filling that bag my dude
That’s how you use a pen. Excellent fucking writing ✍️ god +retard = you 🙏🏽
My new favorite song
If I’m lying I’m dying, I was watching “ebony crackhead” the other day lmaooo. This’ll be interesting.
No, this is the way. People who traded with TA over fundamental analysis were the ones that were successful this year.
Most of it but if bots are programmed to turn off when RSI < 30 or RSI > 70 or when some moving average condition is triggered, then you can expect volume to decrease at those times because the bots are turned off.

But any news pretty much negates any TA so it's useless long term.

Also the weird ass line and TA patterns are mostly useless. Most flags don't mean shit and can break either way. Equilibrium patterns can also break either way

Using support/resistance to make asymmetrical bets with stop losses is probably its most useful application IMO.
I am, there is no limit to my retardation I know
r/femaledatingstrategy
Why is yoda such a fucking freak in episode 5/6 compared to 1/2? Only 20-30 years have gone by.
Haha.. yes it is. I put 4K early this year and rest on margins.. played it safe with just stock trades (basic fundamental valuations).
Yolo it all to gain it back
I'm hoping that you are trolling but I'm not the cure for your loneliness.
Nope, it is a very valuable tool to assist with buy and sell signals. Take this chart for example.

[https://www.tradingview.com/x/qbjUhWUg/](https://www.tradingview.com/x/qbjUhWUg/)

CRSR is at the bottom of its channel, looks what has magically happened every time this has happened since October.
heard she makes a million bucks a month or some shit, seems like a pretty fking good life to me

too bad i was born male and have to rely on you fucking retards to make me rich instead
Baba 300c 1/1/21
[removed]
xD
Why he gotta be black?
No Chad is going to wife a thot
You are just jealous of their success
They're upvoting it because it's literally something that was possible on Robinhood premium, and people did it
Please tell me you are not talking about Trump
Instead the govt shuts down lmao
"There was a lot of uncertainty around the company earlier this year and how the pandemic would affect it. With liquidity no longer an issue and vaccines in store for 2021, as well as a carryover of business from new console restocks, there are few fundamental catalysts that could send the stock down. Sure, there could be some profit taking here and there before Q4 earnings, but there is another floor on the stock price: Ryan Cohen. Once he made it clear that he is still willing to buy the stock at $16 with his latest 13D, I do not see how shorting the stock can be profitable. "

Shorts better cover soon, cause the higher this tide rises, the further they sink and drown..
They are painting themselves into a corner...
WSB found r/femaledatingstrategy

(Might have spelled it wrong just search it) 

Enjoy the comedy
Up 6 million? Soooo... you had negative money in January? How'd that work?
Buy coke
So wait, am I going to get my Badger or not?
crack whore confessions
I mean she didn't really say anything that was completely cringe, the FDs sub is way worse.
Missed most the night what happened
I take my dog out as late as possible so she doesnt
Apple can get more than 5% of EV market share in the long term.
Need life to create life, its a natural law
Yes. $18 is very possible.
Incel Take: All these "hot af" onlyfans/cam girls date ugly dudes because their self esteem is in the basement. Pretty standard for girls that make money dancing in front of their iphone and shoving a cucumber up themselves. They know their life is a piece of shit
That’s exactly the point. You just described every gym’s business model
that was funny as fuck 😂
And not being able to sleep after.. cat but in the same boat right now
Got in GME because of this retard, thanks!! 🤘
I absolutely love this FOMO generator. I decided to give it a (very stupid) try, picked the first on the list, put 30$, and did +340%, then proceeded to 0$! This is genius! 

What goes UP with violence WILL go *UP AGAIN* **OR** *PROBABLY DOWN*
[deleted]
How can it drop with all this DD? That's your thinking?
Selling cars has nothing to do with a thread about Apple selling cars. Damn dude you’re right you’re a fucking reddit genius. Good luck with the gains bro.
You modafakas made google all these terms and ended up in these fucked up subreddits. 🤮

Let it be Monday so we can focus on FDs, stonks, gain porn, loss porn and fucking bears up.
I watch prostitute porn. I was hoping for something different Lol
How?.. lol
Those don't sound like options, you mean calls or puts right? 🤔
Fd is a lotto call. Not necessarily a weekly.
guarantee half the posts are trolls shitposting

some of that shit is too absurd to be believable
You liked it don’t lie
I wish my username was HighFuckingValue lmfaoooo
Would absolutely love a Monday morning discount here.
Anyone else’s dog in a routine of waking them up middle of the night. WTF
You're literally too stupid to realize you're proving me right. 

At no point did I say anything about Tesla being disrupted. You know why? Because that has zero to do with selling cars. In fact it doesn't even matter towards anything I did say.

You're bragging that you're "contrarian" in an echo chamber.

And no, it has nothing to do with you "making fun of me". I'm more just disappointed you likely couldn't hold a conversation beyond, "nu-uh, I like them!" And that's the whole sub. You think way too highly of yourself.
Give this man a thirty day ban 👆
[deleted]
Good point checked it out and you are right bunch of beta cucks there, saaad
FDS is actually a gem. Shit is so fkg funny and they are not even trying. A comedian could base a show for men out of it and it would be so good
I don't think you understand how large institutions are. Stocks don't notice retail traders, I promise. Not the Wall Street level ones, anyway. 

There aren't really 1.7 mil people here anyway, that number includes people who lurk or forgot they had a reddit account or just read and don't trade... there's only 30k active in a day it seems like.
Make sure you don’t wipe your ass, bitches love it when you don’t wipe
Just so you know here in the USA, GameStop sucks, everybody hates them, and nobody shops there.
Net of all being 🙏🏻
OH SHIT. THERES PREMIUM HAIRSTYLES? LFG!!
Be like that sometimes. Also you bought it in March when literally everything was starting to pop off? What was the thought process? Oh everything is starting to shut down like parks, businesses, travel, and sports better throw money at spy
hookers
Yea fantastic. Can't fucking wait
Off the charts and not even fucking figuratively. Charting software would probably have a hard time keeping up with all the massive green dildos cause by the wsb autists buying in
FDS would love a HVM like you.
life savings in puts on Apple. He really went full retard. He’s modded here right?
Likely smart move by her - gives all the fans hope and her more dollars.
I believe in the net of all being.
Guh
[deleted]
[deleted]
If we lauched a rocket on the opposite sides of the world you'd say one goes up and the other goes down more all about persititive
Hey man, I’ve struggled with depression a lot. You know what helps? Just smile. Get in your car, go for a drive and smile. Keep fucking doing it until it sticks. For real. Life can suck but it’s up to you to create inner happiness.

Try some Saint Johns wort too. 30 days and you’ll really start level out a bit. It’s not a cure all but it balanced my mood enough to take a better stride away from depression.

DMs always open zero judgement just vent if you need.
Pleas
I'm sure this is fake af but if this is a real post, you win
> hairy ass-neckbeard

***

^(Bleep-bloop, I'm a bot. This comment was inspired by )^[xkcd#37](https://xkcd.com/37)
Holy shit this Indian food fucked up my stomach
true. the last one would be fine if it wasn't so fucking long too. cut out the long drawn bullshit i could watch it as an adult.
bruh i thought bella Dolphin would be fucking some chad not this hairy-ass neckbeard looking cuck
isn't q4 we scheduled for march?
BAN. THIS ONE RIGHT HERE MODS. 👆
Well, take them up on that and buy Amazon. Not the Stock, the entire company.
Take a fucking joke u simp
Weeklies
I’m all about saying how Trevor Milton is a crook, but don’t bring his faith into it.

Not a Morman, but plenty of fine Mormans out there.
Lmao fuck got em 🤣
dollar ?
Fkin dimb slut

Just made that up but sounds right
But he used fancy words like "downward price action" and "thesis" :(
Do you have a 401k through your employer? You may be able to create a “rollover IRA” that you could move your funds into. This may be limited to a certain amount of your 401k though. For example, my companies 401k allowed me to move over half into a rollover IRA. My 401k plan only has a few “freedom funds” that are pretty rubbish.
according to the folks over at /r/aviation engines tend to have some niggles when coming out of long term maintenance. this is a nothing story but I wouldn't rush to buy back into ba. the global aviation industry is in the doldrums and will be for at least h1 21
VALE 🌘🚀🚀🚀🚀
Hit me up if you want the canadian wood watchlist
Why did I click that expecting to see a community about people who are short on the market🤦🏾‍♂️....
A place where guys don’t wipe their ass
Wtf is going on with this thread? I think we’re hitting peak retard right now...
Hey, there's a market for it, can't blame these women for capitalizing
I need to start buying egg nog year round to put in my tea / coffee in the mornings, shits delicious
i will soon
Highkey this is up there.

This is hands down top 3 for me right next to the oil tanker guys that signed up for delivery of 10,000 barrels of oil for profit and didn’t know how tf to accept it or store it
Its so beautifully written it reads like a 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀 poem
Thank you spy!
guys pls I need ivest advice how do I buy a stock and when do u get rich I need 2 know bc I don wanna wait a long time for money I have things 2 do and ladies 2 please
/r/gaybears
It’s actually 4:20 to be precise 😎
towers has always been the worst lotr mate. Shit is so corny, especially the extended cut
😔😔
Where can I buy this stock???
What Category should I should I start my edge session with(nothing gay)?
VALE 🌘🌘🌘
wtf is FDS
[deleted]
Probably mild green?
Cathie said that Genomics will be the next fang just a week ago, so you aren't too late yet.
While we took the saturn V to the moon you got on board the challenger space shuttle. Rip
Most of it, honestly it's a bit easier to go by market sentiment. The TA can just help confirm the extreme ends. Aka the market is short term oversold or overbought. But in the long term, nah, stocks just go up
Depends on the definition. Something that created us? Yes. Is that thing a single being, a set of circumstances or some other setup? Not sure
*T'was the night before the squeezening, and not a bear that stirred.* Because they all had gone bankrupt shorting GameStop.
You can hope for an Aquisition before the bankruptcy
So VALE to the MOON 🌝🌝🌝🌝?
This might’ve been the funniest night on WSB next to when 😴☕️ told 🥭 he doesn’t know how to finish and he replied back by saying, “you’d be surprised.”
American women are completely lost in space.  What I hear from my sisters about their friends and acquaintances is beyond comprehension.  Completely spoiled rotten with no conception of reality.  No hobbies, no interests, just vapid and stuck to their phones.  Constantly seeking attention and validation. 

I’d probably never date an American woman, and never an American white woman.  Good luck to them 🤷‍♂️🤷‍♂️🤷‍♂️
This bitch is for sure on FDS
I still feel bad for her😔
That 69 though
Wow way to be time zone exclusive
GUH
This is prime way to bust your balls without busting a nut. Look at GME's daily volume

Horrible advice for someone asking legitly

Also Monday is gonna be an overall shit show, esp for weeklies with the stimmy being cockblocked by the lame duck
I hate how realistic this one is.
If you did that mistake in march you would be up 500%
lol
How I imagine the avg FDS woman looking like: 

https://www.reddit.com/r/WhereAreAllTheGoodMen/comments/khewkp/33f_single_mother_looking_for_a_goodman_to_trear/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf
This is basically every stock. I like to wait until 9:50 - 10:15 to buy.
Yup
Smoke DMT and let’s discuss...
Jesus Christ, no ear protection?
Sacca can’t spell ballsacks without thanking WSB for not destroying him yet
Thanks for your voicing your opinion Eduardo
Jesus christ
Throw the life vests overboard and best swimmers win
[deleted]
I believe in you bb
no
Pocket Veto
Honestly, safe play - FROG, prolly gonna go up a lot in the next week or 2 and can't go much lower from here. also SRNE
this is theta decay on an FD retards, watch and learn
[deleted]
I know how many shares there are. But, I was hoping you would answer and realize that there is NO FUCKING WAY WSB owns 10% of GME. 1.7m users have $140m invested in GME? Get the fuck out of here. Dumb ass.
People who don't realise that Nikola is a dumpster fire: 🤡
the first LOTR aged much better than the others. too much corny legolas skateboarding bullshit
I can’t give you an advice ... i am obviously biased...
Because we are LVM because we subscribe to onlyfans to empower queens who will call us incels if we don’t simp but they want to marry HVM and you can’t be a HVM of you don’t have money from spending it all on their onlyfans and...and....oh I guess females are impossible to please after all
Never trust numbers after a name, then look at history, lots of bots pushing gme and pltr
Something about a dolphins bell sparked this chatter
Mostly but not entirely

It makes a lot of assumptions
TUCK HVM IN!! 
TUCK HVM IN!!
TUCK HVM IN!!
What price we buying baba at?
If you had only put this into 1leap TESLA expiring 2021 you’d be sitting on 250k
Why yes I do believe in JPOW
Sorta in a “we are all part of God” kind a way
I mean, im not gonna lie based on that description he sounds ljke hes lived life to the fullest
Do you actually believe this life around us could have came from molecules evolving over millions of years
[removed]
woah bro, everything alright?
SPY is 15% so probably not
Same
[deleted]
I bought warrants postmarket on Thursday at $4.90 (maybe an hour after you-know-who's post, but not because of it. I've had my eye on this one for a while). [I'm up right now.](https://imgur.com/a/cmxSjDN)
No
It’s 4am on the day after Christmas bro
An anti virus software creating pedo with cocaine-induced paranoid schizophrenia lol.
Lol moron I’m literally posting about how TSLA will have competition on one of the most pro-TSLA subs and you’re calling it an echo chamber because I made fun of you? Damn bro you’re right you really don’t belong here lmao
[deleted]
red BABA everything else green
All I need are rocket emojis🚀🚀🚀🚀
Does anyone here actually believe in god?
All I do, baby 😎
Damn, that’s rough. I had people beg me to sell before close on the Friday too but I’m a dumbass
Remember if you’re 10% green YTD then you’re doing better than most hedge funds and all boomers.
Weekend Dow is blood green so I’m going to have to say monday will be blood green as well
Why everyone talking bout simping and only fans
kind of the WSB anthem
i got no issue paying for real sex but paying for fucking porn is just lame
Buy at the top 🔝
I’m sorry, does that shit say 19 years of age????

3 CHILDREN!?!?!? 👀💀
Spoke spinnin, gold grillin
Liquor spillin, Cadillac pimpin
Keep ridin, car slidin
That's cool 'cause I'm Cadillac pimpin
You're all HVM to me. 

Night.
Pudding snackpaks with my mates
Is technical analysis BS?
For sure let me see her face
Same
Nice, i was up to 35k at my peak too from netflix puts in Sep. couldn't sell right before close though and next morning stocks ripped up. downhill since
Blood green or blood red Monday?
Wendy's is a place right?
University of South Carolina jams hard to it
Haha I got it to match Robinhood. That's what these things do right? They're for playing robinhood
That seems like an incel sub full of LVM. Stay away from there
downloaded. Thank you!
Oops ur rite, I just really want to....
Not in a million years.
Why are you hiding your total balance? It's $11,417.5... we know it 🙄
I wonder what FDS SMELLS like 👃 


*I just want you to think and picture that smell bc my retarded brain made me do it 🧠*
Stfu
Fellow retard from r/pennystocks
Gotta try at least, this is the key to victory
as long as they have a market they will eat 

its the oldest profession in the world
missed the entire plot of that shit as i spent the entire time hypnotized by  Steve Buschemi's teeth
Ahahahahahaha full circle achieved
Would you wife her up? 👀💍 

https://www.reddit.com/r/WhereAreAllTheGoodMen/comments/eok8qp/heres_what_you_get_to_enjoy_after_3_kids_and/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf
It’s lowkey growing on me lol that mean I’m bigly gay
No brigading
What amuses me is how much of an echo chamber this place has become. It's like a safe space. Disagreeing with you doesn't even make me bearish. This sub is trash now.
Pornstars used to have to work on a couch for their position, now whores think they can be one with a webcam and onlyfans account. Make Porn Great Again.
[deleted]
I’ll never understand man 

I want a fucking Ferrari and a $5MM+ house

Every penny matters to me. Too cheap to be buying retarded shit like that
Boring has potential imo to be very profitable, they're still in learning mode though. Regulation is always the hardest part with things like the Boring Company and hyperloop. I'm not a huge fan of Pete Buttigieg but apparently he's very interested in making travel more green. EVs, potentially pushing for high-speed cross continental trains, hyperloop? I'm just spit balling, none of that will happen soon apart from the EVs which will dominate the road within 10 years.
Bro, you're obviously making calls on hash stocks.
Which ones and should I hold/sell?
Thank God
I mean the lisa frank holographic case is hard body karate but still some shit just looks gay
Meh, there’s always been those types of bitches, I guess they all just congregated to that vile place. Nobody’s tryna bang those stinky hoes anyway, clearly. Now if you’ll excuse me, I’m gonna see how long it takes for me to get banned over there.
Nah, he was banned from reddit a while ago, spewed some incel or racist shit irc
Why the fuck not, big leverage and trade almost 24/7. Only dorks day trade ETFs and get nailed overnight
You think that's bad? I bought a mint green phone on purpose 🌈
Supreme Court has deemed Christmas a secular holiday so you’re good
This is what ANAL GOD meant all along

The Ultimate repellant against FDS whales
He is one of us boys!
Again, give us a price target
Exactly!!
I'd wanted to get into stocks for a while. Started in Feb 28. Bought air Canada and AMD and that shit dropped so fast. Someone in a discord I was in was talking about GNUS and I fomod at 1.3. sold at 2.5 and rebought at around 2 to sell at 6.5. that netted me 600% and made my account green for the first time. My stock account is up 40% YTD after being heavily red due to the crash. I'm down 2k experimenting with options but slowly digging myself out with AMD monthlies
Okay, not getting into sexist rhetoric or whatever, but here are some thoughts on the matter. Performance in financial industry is measured by $ and nothing else - how much you invest, how much you lose, how much you gain, what's your annual bonus, etc. Investment banks and hedge funds wouldn't refuse hiring a good trader (a really good one, that'd make shitloads of $ for the firm) just because of a gender thing - it's always about the returns on investment and human capital is not an exception, therefore all the best male and female talent is already hired. Now show me how do women rank in overall performance trading for their companies and what do their annual bonuses look like, do they outperform male traders? Are there any big female traders' names in the industry at least worth mentioning and what are they famous for? Exactly. Thank you and goodnight. "Study shows'. Well, your study is nothing else but propaganda biased BS backed by anything but your desire to pledge allegiance to a feminist flag, you Warwick Biased School.

Don't get me wrong, I don't have anything against women trading. In fact if they can outperform men (which they can't) and prove trading superiority and do that with their astonishing track records (btw, haven't seen a single one yet worth mentioning) instead of propaganda articles, I'd be among the first to acknowledge and praise their success. But without proof and track records, get.the.fuck.out.of.here.
Spy puts in September on the riskiest shortest date expirations
wont happen
how old are you?
After RH let a kid take 3k and leverage it into 1.7m of amd calls I think you're highly overestimating RH's abilities my guy.
Damn now a want a pton
Alright so just did a DCF of GME and got a price of 1165 and a low of 645 on perpetual growth and ebitda growth avg of 905 based on their oct 10-q . We’re going to the moon 🌚🚀🚀🚀
I don't know what you heard about me  
But a bitch can't get a dollar out of me  
No Cadillac, no perms, you can't see  
That I'm a motherfuckin' P.I.M.P
Mine is light blue and I thought it was cool looking but apparently not lol
Pleas build today
you'd be surprised how good people are at hiding their simping. guarantee plenty of cucks in here pay for that shit

got a friend who always bitches about feminazis and simps and recently found out he is subscribed to fucking bella delphine lmfao
Okay 🌈🐻

RemindMe! 2 years
You weren’t listening. You would have made money if you did what we said, retard.
Time for us to take over onlyfans! The year or reckoning is upon the thots!
You buying into this 'double-digit-percent' chance we see some retarded upward momentum next week/month?!

I'm a half-believer, still.

For the haters, I'm not a gaybear, all my cash is in just 1 stock, GME.

I'm just not sold on the MOASS hype personally.
Ah, dammit. The emojis are literally what they indicate.

I guess I really do fit in here.
I ran to my ," forget the past", closet to look for my glowsticks and Vicks!
[deleted]
Do itttt
Damn howd you turn 1k into 37 in a week?
This is beyond you.
I’ll double down on my speculation friend. 

For its vaccine contract with the U.S. government, Palantir has created a software system known as Tiberius that could identify high-priority populations for receiving a COVID-19 vaccine, according to the Wall Street Journal.

HHS has stressed that the Tiberius program won’t have access to sensitive health information.

Officials anticipate that the Tiberius system can optimize the delivery of vaccines to facilities administering the vaccine.

A management system like sale force could tell Tiberius how many vaccines the hospital has ministered and how many vaccines it has left to minister. TIBERIUS could trigger a notification that a certain hopsital needs more vaccines - AUTOMATICALLY 

All automated. PLTR ISN'T COMPETITION HERE.They PARTNERS. They are a DATA MINING company. 

https://www.pharmaceuticalprocessingworld.com/palantir-developing-data-mining-tool-to-optimize-covid-19-vaccine-distribution/

Background: 10+ years in sales and marketing strategy.
ATT ordered me a mint green phone instead of black 

Catch me on queer eye next season
Steve Buschemi is a HVM
Night HVM😘
He’s an 👽
Yeah if you wanna live in a big expensive city like San Fransisco, LA of NYC it is, but pretty much anywhere else you can buy a family home for about 300K
Up 150%, $150k profit
Bye bye retarded alien 👽
I’ll slide my dirty ass like a dog with anal gland problems across any thots carpet
I still celebrate Christmas though. Just for the season and gifts. Not for 6lb 8oz sweet baby jesus
[deleted]
Imagine not knowing it’s a spy kids quote LMFAOO
Dude just shit a model 3. Ez.
Facts are facts. 

I'm sorry your man ego hurts but men aren't the best at everything. In fact female active account managers, on average, do better than makes at all levels including institutional.

But if it helps soothe your little souls males do tend to take more risks which does often produce greater streaks of returns. So who knows, you could be the one make who makes it versus the thousands who don't dragging down your average.

Now quit circle jerking and find some money instead.
Wendy’s*
This is true
Yeah I honestly think his other companies (except Boring) are way more enticing
You know the rules, no CC
Well someone fomoed
I don’t like this
Guh
Alright, goodnight retards.
it would ultimately be the transfer of power from the simp to the chad, with women being the vehicle of that transfer, a perfect replica of genetic evolution
That feeling when you show your dad your new phone cover and he says it looks gay 😢
imagine believing in god
It's not simping if you're fully aware going in. I think.
[deleted]
I highly doubt the vast majority of guys on here pay for that shit 

Pretty sure all of us would rather have 1 more spin at the casino than pay for shit you can get for free anyways

Ur gonna want to target r/dividends and r/investing for your movement
You lost me somewhere, but agreed - the fed do be pumpin money and lowering interest
It's just hard to say with this market, AAPL P/E is around 30 right now if I recall correctly... That being said I have more confidence that Apple will continue to make steady growth compared to Tesla. As far as Elon Musk goes I'm just as interested in Neurolink or Starlink.
Should I be buying or selling puts on this?
[deleted]
Bruh you need puts on that
Explain that to theze gAINZ SON
He meant something more like this https://imgur.com/gallery/MyfBeYS
MT 🚀🚀
I just dropped a log and I ain’t cleanin up the splinters
Compare it to Chewy and you will realize that it's not. Chewy trades at \~7 times sales, Barkbox trades at \~7.6 times sales (at 18.50 a share, warrants price it cheaper if you want some easy arbitrage) and it has a higher growth rate and higher profit margins than Chewy.  (they trade at \~15 times gross profit while chewy trades at \~27 times their TTM gross profit). Chewy has grown their revenues 33% (comparing TTM revenue to 2019 revenue) this year, probably a bit more once Q4 earnings comes out. Barkbox expects a CAGR of 40% for the next three years.

Pets are also a massive secular growth play.

EDIT: And don't forget it's a SPAC which automatically means its prone to be worth two or three times its actual value lol
Wot n’ tarnation happened here
[removed]
Guys we need to start spreading simp shaming so we can make all these onlyfans hoes go broke. Garuntee you all of men learn to stop being weak they will control the game, women will be clawing at your groins before the year is over garunteed. This needs to spread for real, hit these bitches where it hurts....their wallets and their egos
🚨LVM ALERT🚨
[deleted]
Playing the long game....fuck everything up so bad that a dem gets elected and blamed for Gyna supremacy....wait four years, boom US emperor for life
There are people who didn't vote for them that need these checks
I'm sure their minds would melt once they realized men own the platform and they're working for them.
I have an idea but it is incredibly immoral... but would be le epic 4chan style soooo
You should just get a job as a corrections officer, they'll suck you dry for extra peanut butter, but as an inmate they never let the sexes mingle.
God dammit
[deleted]
Yeah I think people just sorta have tunnel vision on this, so I’ll just put my money where my mouth is
Earnings????? Who the fuck is worried about that in a hyper low interest rate liquid fed pump ev-roided tech high demand real estate increase of options volume $700 a Tesla share mystery spac cash flushed ipo market right now?
Look at the downvotes here.

These guys are getting cucked by Cohen, but somehow it's our fault for noticing that Gamestop is the Blockbuster Video of gaming.
I like the certainty. 

How'd you get that date?
[deleted]
Yaaaaaasssssss queen
Kings DO NOT CAVE IN TO FDS 

DO NOT WASH YOUR ASS !!!
As long as u have money they will still love u !!!

Do not wash your ass !!
calls on LVMH
[deleted]
You're over simplifying the problem. Debt incurred today has to be repaid. Granted the US has massive leverage internationally (that T rapidly drained) but passing every millionaire boomer $2k has to be repaid somewhere with millennials losing social services.

Not that, that has bothered the GOP when it favored them ($1.5T "trickle down" tax cuts? Lol). But it will soon as they turn into fiscal conservatives once B is prez
That's just mean. That'd be like taking WSB from us. Let the retards be retards and the hoes be hoes.
Please make this real please please
[deleted]
"I know kung fu"
Proto simp. I’m pretty satirical, but nah this is real.
I wanted to go to bed but I just spent 2 hours scrolling through that shit.... what the fuck.
nah we need that shit to IPO, imagine the cashflow from all the simping
Gina set to become number one next year at the rate they fudge their numbers
So you’re betting against Apple’s engineering and marketing team. Lmao good luck bro!
Change flair this is FAR from DD.
I FINALLY GET HIM TO TWERK ON TIK-TOK AND HIS COLOSTOMY BAG HAD THE NERVE TO LEAK AND IT WAS AT THAT MOMENT I KNEW HE HAD NOTHING TO OFFER ME AND IT WAS TIME TO LEVEL UP!!!!
[deleted]
hot girls dont browse FD
Was this one of those recent DD from the dildo guy or whatever his name was, or something from ancient history when this stonk was $11?
Onlyfans IPO and we could both win tho
You can engineer anything but selling it is a wholely different game. You don't have the right group in mind (which makes me think you don't know much about this sector or the niche) because it is Marketing & Accounting that's your real problem. "Build it and they will come", is over.

As for your second point that has zero to do with the average turnover of electronics as a sector. TVs for instance have an average life of 7-8 yrs versus phones which are turnover over on average 2-3 years. That short span of tone combined with a high price is what keeps this sector and niche afloat.

Apple doesn't make microwaves or long-term, low-cost items for a reason and that's a good thing. It keeps valuation and profit high. Cars are the antithesis of this. They're generally seen as long-term, low cost (i.e. ROI must be good, you'll buy a shiny iPhone before you'll pound yourself into debt working at a midrange job to drive a shiny car, generally speaking) items used almost exclusively for practical reasons esp. after dating and mating seasons are over.
Oh it certainly is, I just sold off my Tesla shares for 4k in profit, that's not to say shares don't reach 700+, but at some point they'll have to come crashing down. 1300 P/E, I'd only consider that I'd Tesla had a monopoly - maybe they will in a few years, but with all of the upcoming EV players it seems unlikely.
[removed]
Lazy / fantastic thinking
Real talk bro.
His pain makes me feel better
When you start looking at options  pay attention to the volume as well as the bid-ask spread. Don't enter into positions where it is extremely expensive to get out of.
Got sucked into that rabbit hole for the last hour. Yikes.
[removed]
dude, those are the easiest to pump and dump. Make her feel special, feed her ego, play kinda submissive, fuck her good for awhile, then become a men and dump her. Easiest play
100% in GME shares, 3500 at 10.88
And?
whip it out
Nah. Look at my history. Used funds from Gold in a similar way and I got away with it. Had he made money , RH would've never been the wiser.. But neither would he and he'd keep going until he lost it all.
Imagine the level of estrogen fueled rage we could invoke if we could somehow get only fans taken down. God that would be amazing I would throw away all of my money just to see the aftermath of dumbass chicks with no value having to go out and get real jobs
Lol beat me to it
Bro I haven’t taken a solid shit in months 😭
Calls on PLTR, when you're a millionare you can Fuck models 20x hotter. In the butt.
You can’t change her. Especially not as a LVW
Gyna set to fuk mangos dumass rona response

https://www.cnbc.com/2020/12/26/china-set-to-surpass-us-as-worlds-biggest-economy-by-2028-says-report.html
Chinese stocks are worthless, the only real shareholder is Xi
Not sure is satire or confessions of a proto simp...
FALSE BRITHER. THOSE OF US WHO WORK ON THE LINE AT GM ASS EMBLY WILL ALWAYS BE HVM. ASK MY WIFE NANCY. HAHA.

-RICK DAVIS SHIFT SUPERVISOR GM LORDESTOWN ASSEMBLY
Is 25k the top for cartcoin 🧐
dont be a simp. she wont fuck you anyways and you'll just feed her ego even more
Tell her you take big shits. Females love a bad boy.
.. I just realized something..  
Legally Blonde was written by..
"I can change her, bros"
Pump and dump her like a true chad the shit in the bed to make her leave so she can complain about it on FDS
What a weird ecosystem for everyone involved. I just never understood the appeal
November was my first month of trading i made 20% return, i don’t do options and don’t  buy stocks that especially find on this sub, and its working out pretty good
I voted Trump because fuck anti-gun Biden, but I never liked Trump and voted against him in the primaries.  I can't wait to vote against Trump again in the next primaries, and I hope he gets absolutely slaughtered.
1. Nothing.  It expires worthless and u lose the option. Edit or ur broker will exercise it.
2. You can sell it or exercise.  If you do, you now own 100 shares at your strike. End of story.
I live in the Bay Area (same county as Tesla factory) and honestly I think their market position is insanely overhyped. Just imagine how many rich losers in San Francisco and San Jose will buy this car when EVs are normalized.
PLT is probably up because all of the retards here buying it thinking it is PLTR
fr all the simping is what brought us shit like FDs in the first place
By adding two zeroes at the end.
It goes up when u turn ur screen upside down
Balance Sheet Next Quarter

Assets
- Retard's Cash                                            4,200,000,000
- Vending Machine Recievables                                   37

Liabilities
- Accountable Payable (wife's boyfriend)        100,000

Stockholders Equity
- Common Retard Stock.                          4,199,999,037
[removed]
Honestly didnt realize how much money options could get you. total gamble of course tho lel.
Real talk tho, there’s this girl I really have a crush on who talks shit about men on Facebook constantly. She also gets a lot of likes on Facebook and Instagram and it’s obvious that it feeds her narcissistic ego. She’s really hot tho and I feel like I’d be a good influence on her. Should I make a move or nah?
In a weird way, he might be right, this jump from $16 to $20 might be part of the slow, TSLA-like short squeeze that takes months to unwind and peak.

I'm down for it, as long as the stonk go up.
Forgive me, but I’m from the Midwest and I’ve seen what happens when foreign manufactures compete with American ones. Bringing manufacturing in house will just likely drive up costs, especially with the upcoming administration.
So you're complaining about both: the Dems passing a small bill and a large bill. Blame where blame is due
Dadoyyyy whahshksoiidube 😩😩😩🤯 isksndndjdjn sjuwhehus 🥵🥺🥺🙃
Not a yacht, big boat=/=yacht. Fucking tuna masturbator or something
[deleted]
The FAA put out a AD for the Max's engines around six months.

The AD is serious and flagged as potentially shutting both engines down during take off/climb out.

Aircraft are most reliable when they are flown regularly.  My prediction is that, over the next two or three years, there will be at least one max 8 that goes down taking everyone on board to their end.  That one inevitable outcome will doom the max 8.
Yeppppppp I’ve been saying this for years
[deleted]
female neckbeards
Goddamnit I actually wanted to sleep tonight
🥲
[deleted]
[deleted]
Tesla is very far ahead of the competition, but a lot of companies have the cash flow to catch up. The real question right now is, will Tesla's mass expansion of in the coming year or two be enough to hold their lead for more than 4-5 years while legacy automakers catch up?
[deleted]
When is Pfizer releasing the next update on the phase 3 trials? I could see market crashing if the vaccine group reached parity with the placebo group in terms of infected
imagine thinking that shit is real

half the posts in there are just trolls shitposting at this point lmao
Slavery isn't a moral hazard you imbecile. Go back to eating crayons.
Tegridy's Christmas Snow
>So much hate from that woman

Who said that?
..
These sound like LVM questions
This *is* the way.
Edit fuck I fell for bait
The last quarterly report I read they are working on NASDAQ for 2021🤞
Ok, tripling down on this one. April / July calls for maximum leverage. PT is $120.

Always wondered why Cohen went up to 13% and why now. That information wrt RC being an insider is very interesting.

Edit: shares and PT around $50 after doing some DD
That's a gay bear. You buy puts or short, you're a gay bear. You don't buy PLTR, you're a gay bear. You share any genetic code with even the fucking toilet at Citron, you're a gay bear.
Back dat ass up.
Doesn't matter. T doesn't know which is which

https://www.businessinsider.com/trump-2000-checks-stimulus-veto-spending-bill-what-happens-now-2020-12
Nah but most of those spamming cucks are probably not even allowed to drink or they have a curfew
Your insurance company would like to have a word with you
[deleted]
Because being a bear is a mental illness. There I said it
Just installed a new battery on my iPhone. You know these greedy pigs are already draining me like im
A thief! For real fuck apple. They are so unimaginative they do buybacks milking old techs trying to be « hype » last product i buy from them, cant even have the aux cords that’s fucking outrageous, im so privileged that buying an iPhone is like one of the worst decisions i ever made
I would love for a girl to wipe her shitty taint all over me... these girls don't know what they're missing. selfish bitches
Porn is degrading and only incels jack off, but buy my only fans and empower my wallet since my nude photos are art compared to all these “basic bitches”. If you subscribe to my only fans I’ll stop calling you a LVM and just a simp instead
It physically arouses me reading it, though. My nipples literally got hard. Male tears are my kink y’all.  
----
Wow.
So much hate from that woman
It’s a power move
So female dating strategy is basically the female incel group?
Lol ya I’m doubling my position after seeing all the butthurt Elon fans
Wait the crew that just spams TSLA, PLTR or Bears R Fuck is the less degenerate crew? Damn, I feel attacked... You're def a LVM 😂
The whole PLTR family. Love it lol
Y’all don’t do that?
Me too now brother
“this man is probably leaving skid marks on her bedding. Nah this shit nastyyy. And dude has the nerve to be the little spoon, ass all the way in her space. 🤮🤮🤮”
“Because being a man is a mental illness. There, I said it.” 

Damn you can’t even respond to shit like this on there
1. What happens if your calls expires in the money?
2. If I exercises and buys the shares, what happens to my option gains? Do I get to keep it?
There’s a massive difference between burning it and hiding it.

I mean I assume we are talking six figures here?
0 only1parkjisung or whatever the fuck his name is will save us
If you went back in time inverted it would actually be a gain - I just watched Tenet that shit fucked me up
I have AAPL 140c 3/21 @7.70 - might place longer calls, but haven't really seen the point because I'm holding 25 shares of it at the moment.
If you eat Applebee’s on the reg you’re probably immune
My vote points dropped so hard like that one spa stock at the airport
Dude you’re assuming there’s like one block of consumers that all buy cars at the same time. Guarantee you 10 people in this thread are on old phones and Apple is doing just fine. Again, even if they had trouble selling they have almost $200B in cash to bleed lmao.
Same post 10 days ago and deleted. Fake
To be fair, that's also a bit why he advises against meme stocks.
Real talk imagine risking corona to eat at Applebee’s
Which he is suggesting he might do, against iran. Don't put it beyond him
i wish, getting bored of all this fd shitposting already
How good are the soup kitchens in Maryland?
Chances we have a mod announcement in the next What’s Your Moves? thread banning FDS talk?
funny thing is my ex would actually get mad at me for not talking when we were having breakfast in the morning or some shit. Whatever you do, they legit always find a way to complain
I’m always down to start a war with bitches this dumb lol
Weekend Dow is
Used to be a 2nd/3rd grade math teacher before I sold out and became a corporate tool who does math for evil. Instead of learning to invest, I learned to gamble. Although I made money, probably would have made much more with investing.
[deleted]
Chill
White label manufacturing baby
First they came for redbook, and we did nothing. Then they came for Backpage.com and we did nothing, then they took down craiglist, and we let them. Then they came at WSB...
When the govt suffers, companies that depend on the govt suffer one way or another
What the fuck happened to this sub, what is this garbage
In Bovine it means;

Hey-bik-boi
Do you even understand what this sub is about??
EVs are much easier to make than ICEV, less parts, less manufacturing required. A lot of companies have been doing that whole skateboard concept sort of thing where you just toss a different frame on the same skateboard (batteries and wheels).
retard simp
Lean hog futures aren’t up right now but they closed blood red. Yikes
Do you honestly think Apple doesn’t have an engineering department working on this? 😂

Also, plenty of people use slower older Apple products. This “annual cycle” thing you’re hung up on exists in nearly every consumer industry and most people don’t buy the new model each year.
[deleted]
Missionary but let's just stay friends.
Simplified:

Many people buy the new i-item annually. That is the current cashflow.

Many people can't buy a new iCar annually. This goes against their current cashflow.

For Apple making a new model annually wouldn't be profitable. To compare Ford to Tesla for instance the product line of Tesla is significantly smaller but the current 'for-the-pubic' flavors of Ford are extensive (price friendly) vs Tesla which has only one or two models under 80k. 

You can't think of this from a consumer's vantage point.
This is getting a little too real
Live stream your SpecOps mission if you do "the deed that needs getting done."
Someone who washes their ass.
6.942% to be precise
Thanks to u/weird-lie-3228 for being the first post I saw about fds
Use all the charmin you need.
Imaginary coins
Is the market open tomorrow ?
Im not familiar with this particular one, but video game ETFs have been killing it this year.
Rule number 1 when committing fraud, always stay involved in the business
So some MT product is on the moon....🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
They go over your assets in a very basic manner... they can’t do anything about money you don’t have.

Try to be halfway intelligent about it, and try to be a decent actor but yeah, it’s not rocket science.

Also refi the house and pull out any equity now, rates are low.  “Spend” that money too.
I can get behind that one way or another. Positions?
What is LVM
**Fist on Chest.  We buy FDs.  We don't wipe.  We only take our dates to chains**!
-------
*This* is the way.
Cuz we're freaky in the west and have a desire for unspeakable kinks.
Then imma start a business of riding on a moped with a bat and swatting down the drones, reselling the games on eBay
> magic marker

Just add more cheese, or certain types of fiber.
Mango has puts ready for Monday to cash in confirmed cuz we fuk
[deleted]
Wait how do you find the recap on RH?
Why is this getting upvoted, what's wrong with this sub?

Even RH aren't dumb enough to give infinite leverage just by buying more stock.
can’t wait for the daily thread on Monday when the  less degenerate  crew is active and has no fucking idea what’s going on
Ya they just have to come up with the design ideas and get someone else to make it, poach some engineers to oversee it, and slap a sticker on it and go. Infinitely less bullshit than TSLA model.
Multiply the number of outstanding shares by 0.1. You're a big boi, you got Google to find that info and put it in a calculator.

And I know you got access to both the Google AND the calculator, because you're on reddit, so you're either using a smartphone, tablet or a desktop computer, all of which have both of those things.
So, straight to the butt stuff?
What are the qualifications for a stock to be on your watchlist? Is it based on personal knowledge/interests, market cap, sector, etc?
It's not below my target bottom yet. CCP had just started the probe. I'd speculate they'd flex more muscle gradually to teach this lesson. The market only had a day to react to this news and the volume was 14x the day before. I'm anticipating more selling. 

If I were to speculate on buying timing, it would probably be just after 12th February, the next Chinese New Year. Folks will cash out to spend on CNY. Then only it'll start picking up. 

2021 will be the year of the Ox.
[deleted]
Yes and dont wait till the lockup period in q1 21 ends. Sure. 

All in NOW
He probably uses webull
Yea they are gunna slay it working at Starbucks eventually getting fired for complaining that all the guys who come to her register are LVM lmaooo
Very true only LVM don’t have prison number flairs
Depends. 787 dreamliner has a Rolls Royce engine option and a GE one.
Got a Caldigit TS3 Plus and a 4K display for Christmas. Probably still gonna trade off my phone 😂
His credit score is a 2 lol
FDS makes me feel psychotic. I must be a LVM
Who tf is john mcafee?
All that is so frustrating because we all know stock go up, but godamm... don t look at the sp500 since all time because we fucking deserve a correction.
where tf are starter homes 2m? Get the fuck out of there lmao
Cryptos a cult and John McAfee is the leader. Buy the dip=drink the cool aid for them.
NKLA is taking an asshole-pounding with a cactus lately, but Milton likely hasn't offloaded his 88+ million shares yet (possible two business-day SEC Form 4 lag).

Maybe counsel advised against selling or Mark Russell has serious dirt on him---like that he shits and doesn't wipe. Low-Value Milton (weekend memes)

[https://www.secform4.com/insider-trading/1731289.htm](https://www.secform4.com/insider-trading/1731289.htm)
Goodnight QUEENS! 👑 Know your fucking worth and keep slaying!
💅🏼💅🏼💅🏼💅🏼💅🏼💅🏼💅🏼💅🏼💅🏼💅🏼💅🏼💅🏼
Not without checking lean hog futures
Am I allowed to wipe?, I feel if I’m not allowed to wipe this experiment is gonna get outta hand real quick like
[deleted]
Rich yeah all my savings in Tesla and square 

#CHAD
If you shit yourself you better not wipe or you’re not welcome here
Buy the dip
[deleted]
what the fuck kind of bank requires 400k downpayment for a 2m home lmao

your credit must be shit or something
This fucking guy
I'd let them decide which 2 get it and watch them come to a stalemate over the next 5 months while I get rescued
Love seeing the original haters of the FDS movement now converting and laughing with us
[removed]
nope lol
[removed]
People lost lots In this bull market too
Real talk from someone divorced, get smart and hide your money now.  As in, “spend it on something” but really have a friend you trust hold it for you.  Or hell, pretend you lost it gambling but actually bury it in the backyard, whatever.  Get it out of your name.

Then stop being nice and accommodating and watch what happens

Also never fight with her.  Would you fight with a toddler? No.  Just lay down how it is, and that’s it.
Confirmed
shit man i thought you threw down the draw 4 pick a color card my bad
Facts. #nevergofullgaybear
Bro literally EVERY car manufacturer puts out a new model of the same car every year, you don’t have to buy the new model each time 😂😭

Also, upkeep is less expensive, because again - EV not a traditional automobile.
I’m crying laughing! Isn’t it great to see someone lose at life
Where else did you think that username comes from
[deleted]
[deleted]
OMFG MY CHEST CANNOT TAKE ANYMORE 🤣🤣

I’m gonna be the guy that shit himself before doin it if you boys don’t stop 🤣
Hope you guys had a great Christmas :)
[deleted]
Weekend Dow is blood green. I can finally go to bed
Why would you uno reverse card me bro?
As long as the sex is great and that I am having a great time hanging with her, I am not really conscientious about making up scenario of her being mean to me in my back. I am also not poor or anything, I have a good job and own a few real estate properties just not worth high-8/low-9 figures like her dad.
They removed my post about him that slipped through over there so seems they agree
That's just it, I don't see Apple building factories like Tesla is and producing a million vehicles a year, they just need to put stickers on other cars and maybe they do some battery shit that can be produced in factories they already own that can be retrofitted for it.
[deleted]
So how many is 10%?
You can litteraly see the blood rushing to his face. Incredible.
Wow.
I never said they couldn't make one. I am saying it is a product outside their sphere of expertise and influence. Dyson is an engineering company. That's literally what they make: products that don't annually cycle.

Apple specializes in products that have significantly lower lifecycles. I mean it is like Amazon breaking into building jets; it isn't that they can't but that it just doesn't make sense for their model and cashflow.
Thanks bruv I’ve been leaning on cardinals spread.
Meh ive held calls too long to stop my life changing gains, too greedy.  Let's find the middle and get financial freedom!
who are you?
[deleted]
Saw it an Seeeeking @lpha article lol
[deleted]
Stonks
Report back.
Yes TSLA has mediocre profits, while simultaneously building and spending huge amounts of money on bringing manufacturing in house. This one time cost won't be on the balance sheet next year. Instant boost to the profits next year and reducing costs.
I’ve been playing parlays on teased down overs and spreads and have been pretty consistent. Cards win imo I took em -4 and O48
Lmao. Are those dates cherry picked from height of tech bubble to recession dip?
Shut up boomer
Bruh you’re anal god. Can’t get any gayer than that
we intellectuals are too sophisticated for those juvenile jokes, especially in a shit-posting community
LVM = CCP

HVM = Jack Ma
I want this book so bad
She’s forcing you to adopt the provider complex. Break free from the trap.
I started trading July 2019 with 5k. Made pennies until I entered the options market in November. Started making considerable money from $SPCE then in early March I launch my portfolio to 150k on $VXX calls. And on that quad witching day in March I launched my portfolio down 56k lol. But I took out enough to pay off my debts and buy a 2020 Tacoma. And now I am up 160k on the year. This was life changing for a fast food employee. Thank you WSB! This subreddit fucking rocks!
Don’t fat finger buy by mistake when you send it (lol)
IBS = OBESE
This is the way
💯 

Goodluck brother 🙏🏾
[deleted]
[deleted]
My standards change..  
 
Friday night when i want to nut a HVW has an acne free face, big tits and a fat ass.    
Sunday morning when I am thinking about my future wife my HVW is a smartie who can climb a mountain with ease, smiles and makes me laugh.
Ewww what a nasty woman who thinks like that 

Man this is the fault of USA politics toward escorts and sex work 


In Colombia , Spain and tieland 

PUSSY is so so so easy to get 
It will have you so angry why u suffered in the USA or ever bought a only fans 


Put it takes a man who needs to set sail and find that land !!! Go travel men !!!

SEE THIS BEAUTIFUL WORLD 🌎
For the sake of investors, Ma should just give Xi as many blowjobs as Xi wants and then the stock would be golden.
Lol exactly - they’ll build a whole ecosystem into it using existing apple products and interfaces
Congratulations on earning the fame fake of this sub in exchange for real money
[deleted]
Cosmo Gaymore
I don't have a price target. I'm holding as long as the major trend remains bullish. My stop loss is around $870.
Exactly
HahHahahahhHH
No you
Who are you?
Bunch of high maintenance bitches HMB fuck that place
Puts on your undies
Excuse me we don’t wipe
Me on female dating strategy: “y’all hoes got any locks for today’s cardinals 49ers game or what?”
Last smelly ass guy comment: he should probably take a probiotic. Maybe dude feels like he has a magic marker up his ass when he wipes and just can’t get it clean
[deleted]
[removed]
[deleted]
Holy fuck my head and chest hurt from reading all this shit and laughing too hard 🤣

I need some water and a 5 min breather 

BRB QUEENSSSS 💅🏾❤️💅🏾❤️💅🏾❤️💅🏾
If you’ve never had a prison number flair, you’re a gay bear.
Price them out of stocks like the boomers priced us out of houses.
[deleted]
Your sacrifice is appreciated comrade
I just lit my tp on fire
Thank you.
Idk people are keeping it fun and lighthearted its xmas night fuck it
Freetrade
dont forget about Sue Bae
This doesn't really matter, aircraft divert all the time for various reasons. I'd be more worried if someone told me MCAS failed again and another air craft took a nose dive.
Ikr. Be a part of the change you wanna see or stfu
Agreeeeed
Why are you guys wasting time on this shit? Any woman like that is going to end up old and single or at best get with some weak willed and desperate loser. It’s the female equivalent of “elbows too pointy.” They’re just bitter.
You guys better put as much $$$ into the market as possible before the zoomers start looking for jobs. Make them buy stocks at ridiculous prices.
It is the turnover I'm thinking about. You may buy a phone once a year for instance as an average consumer. Very few individuals can or will buy a brand new car a year. Let's imagine that the projection was good, 5% bump in year 1, that car however is expected to run 10+ years and as battery tech gets better the cost-of-upkeep is only gong to drop. 

The concept of overcharging repairs isn't going to fit well here nor is a continually evolving product.
I’m going on a “ will not wash my ass “ protest 🪧
[deleted]
Secretly these people do. Come here for the humour. Loss porns could just be on these people's "whatever account". Also, just know OTM in itself isn't even that bad. The idea is the same. If the stock goes up enough, you get out. But, it is OTM weeklies that we call YOLO. That is when you can get really wrong.
That’s my dream queen
RK streaming 4-6 hours to 30-50 people shows that his skin in the game was really "deep" in this $GME play. But... I never expected that you are  [u/DeepFuckingValue](https://www.reddit.com/u/DeepFuckingValue/) , dude! **😳** Well played!   


Would just like to sincerely thank you for making me feel that I am not fucking alone, crazy and delusional for betting the farm on this $GME trade since August. What a ride it has been. Cheers!!  🚀
What’s your price target?
Quick uninstall Robinhood
Try "Reminiscences of a Stock Operator". It's crazy how much hasn't changed in 100 years.
Bro you must be 45 and have 2 kids with a name like that. Respect it. Gg
Yeah but less valuable
But are you excited about $?
We need to combat these female “queens” I say we use: 
LVW = low value woman 
HVW= high value woman 
Example: cathie wood is a HVW
[deleted]
 Fuck are you weirdos talking about HVM and wiping your ass after you shit?
[deleted]
To get extra tendies brah, bet against the market and you win big. But for real 4 hour chart is looking bearish to me. Next level down would be 125 then 120-115. 

I could see tech shrinking a tad in near term but I'm still bullish for tech.
Stimulus news is still not good so not good for tech either.
I guess I should’ve put /s. I’m fully aware of how bad it is.  I post about it everyday.
Ban
[deleted]
Aye for real tho I seriously think that could be a legitimate reason
Value investing doesn’t ever change. You pay cents for dollars, that’s it.
“If you buy my only fans you’re a simp, but if you don’t buy it I’ll call you an incel”-female logic
8/10 chance she’s a fucking whale
I might personally not wash my ass for a few days/weeks/months and assess my wife’s reaction for science
It won't just be the car, it's the whole apple interface. Say within a few years they sell a million vehicles after partnering with a legacy automaker. They'll then sell premium features to a million people, and then sell the iphone 16 to them which is required to enter the vehicle, and then sell them actual apples that go for $999 per pound.
I was banned the other day, but now I’m back.
Expert cocksmithing
[deleted]
u/savevideo
[deleted]
Would love to pick your brain, this is what I'm looking to do. What kind of techs do you use? Any indicators? Or just support/resistance/candles/patterns? What time frames are we talking?
Pics or you’re lying
Bank heist
Oh, I don't think ALL of the bearish news is out.  I fully expect them to do reverse stock splits for a while and eventually wither up and die or go bankrupt first.  Either one.
[removed]
[removed]
“☝🏻 Yes. Nothing sexier then a man that knows how to shut up. Unfortunately men think we want to listen to them ramble on about their dumb video games and whatever stupid bullshit that pops into their heads. Like no boy be quiet. I’m not some yes girl.”

Holy shit, imagine being around this person let alone date them.
Its not a price I'm willing to pay
That sounds so horrible dude

Maybe explain ur goals in life and be like hey, we can put $x amount of dollars towards our dreams. 

Half for my dreams half for yours. You spend ur half however you want idc 

Idk man some people just autistic with spending. I’m Lowkey dealing with the same with nails/lashes/ drinking/ going out shit 

Enough is never enough 

I’m making slow progress tho

Just gotta be smart about it and try not to piss her off bc then all they do is shove their head up their ass and scream
[deleted]
As hilarious/astounding as this fds stuff is, and as much as the reaction to it is exquisite shitposting you’re actually completely correct and have made an astute observation. Also though, it’s 3:30am, so chances are high nobody will remember this shit on Monday.
Bruh just hop on the apps if you are attractive. If not work on being attractive first. I also crank my standards low af so Ill knock down a fat chick and wont think twice about it
[deleted]
Shout out all the soldiers linking female dating strategy sub. I think I found my new home
People want consistency and status.
[deleted]
Feb 2, 2021. Mark it.
What’s a boomer
OK BUT WHY ARE YOU YELLING?
I love the comment section its more retarded than here its beautiful
That assumes they would issue new stock. Which could backfire badly for current shareholders in the future.
Lol
[deleted]
What’s a subreddit
She's def a keeper
Puts on our LVM assholes
fucking love chamath what a genius
“negative 39% return of the S&P 500 during that brief 10-year period from 1999 - 2008.” 

BRUH WTF OMG LOL
Small street bets might suit you better
Found the Canadian/Eurotrash. WTF is boxing day
CFDs on stocks i know less than nothing about but have seen mentioned once by you retards
I see you have learned from Chris Nolan's Tenet
4 hour chart is looking bearish🌈🐻. With a fall in price, the stock could break resistance and fall to 120-115. 

But good news could easily break my whole theory🐂. So I know nothing🚫🧢. Good luck
No offense but does DD mean drawdown or does it mean something else?
No.  Google it for us instead.
Exactly. TSLA’s entire product is the stock and Apple has the cash to just entirely take over their market share when TSLA isn’t as cool in 5 years. People aren’t gonna tolerate faggy Elon tweets and mediocre profits forever.
HOLY SHIT. ANY ONE OF YOU BOOMERS ASK WHAT HVM OR LVM IS AGAIN. YOU JUST HAVE TO SCROLL. FDS MEANS FEMALE DATING STRATEGY AND ITS A SUBREDDIT. HVM AND LVM MEANS HIGH VALUE MAN AND LOW VALUE MAN. ITS THE LINGO THE SUBREDDIT USES. WSB IS SHITPOSTING OVER THERE AND STARTING A WAR. QUIT ASKING
I hope for this scenario, so i set limit sells between 100 - 800 €.
Because it’s Reddit. Also, never knew either existed until just now.
[deleted]
Fuck it I’m in
I dumped my boyfriend because he didn’t know that I wanted Chanel instead of Gucci, such a LVM. Leveling up queen yaaaaaasssss
She’ll give a great rusty trombone
r/all at 3:35am? Nah
If Dyson (the vacuum) can produce a working electric car prototype , Apple sure as hell can too
Hey man, don't call retarded people retarded. It's in bad taste. You call your friends retards when they're acting retarded.
I’m bear on pltr, here is my reasons why:

>!SIKE BITCH 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀!<
They’re always the ones “spreading positivity on y’all’s feeds” at the same time making degrading remarks towards men and “broke mfers”.
I'm in for $20k, or about 60% of my portfolio. I might sell my other positions, but I'm okay with not getting the maximum out of it.

When it goes 🚀🚀 I know it'll be life changing money regardless.
I’m all in, ordering my lambo next week
If i have to wash 🧼my ass to be a HVM 

Then no !!

SOMETIMES THE PRICE IS JUST TO FUCKEN HIGH!!!
He’s busy sucking dick to make back the money
all the cOol kIdZ are busy raiding female dating subreddits bro
You a cuck
I was reading shit from the female dating  page and it turns out I’m not a sex god and I got a little peepee....RIP
I don’t usually read so many words on WSB, but I’m still drunk from Christmas so thanks, was an interesting thesis
-----
**We're here sweetheart!**
Because attacking men is ok but attacking women is a hate crime
For sure, or you just don’t live up to it because of competition and it comes crashing down. TSLA is not AMZN. Never will be.
Hertz? I need to get my money back from those calls
NO YOU DID NOT 🤣🤣🤣💀
fiancé
High Value Man
Ban
[deleted]
not available on RH.
Just cheat bro seriously. You'll feel better and if you get caught just tell her the truth. Idc if i get downvoted get out there and have fun.
I’ve been out of the loop. What are the cool kids buying? I’ll buy anything but NKLA.
Male. Most Financial studies are conducted by males. And this is very, very old information and was known decades ago. This is just "news" printed as filler.

Reasoning never changed actually which is that women just tend to not be as emotional about the assets all-things-equal and were also more patient. And it's true in management too. They're also less prone to gambling.
Rainbow teddy obviously
We are all up and drunk/high, but you know all those fupa having bovine fell asleep watching Virgin River on Netflix with Cheetos on their floppy tits a couple hours ago. They can reassess this in the morning after a few Krispy Kremes
wow bro your ass must really smell
Elon Musk is an LVM, I'm sorry. I don't make the rules
Holy lawl...
🤣🤣🤣 MY CHEST HURTS
He sold at the top.
🐻 - LVM

🐂 - HVM
Always has been. But everyone on this sub drank the kool aid because “lol elon is daddy!”
I lived in the condo that her parents bought for her for a few year. I guess I probably am some type of bitch. She is still amazing thought, I don't plan to ever get married so hopefully I am fine.
[deleted]
Holy fuck dude you were right. It was so bad holy shit that story was absolutely horrible made no sense I’m so disappointed
Just wait until you find out they can make money on their second rate onlyfans too
I used to do this when I was a kid, yes.  
Now I just ghost them or tell them my life needs more space.
Haha.. Trump must've thought Tim Cook was the founder of Apple and named the company after himself-hence the name Tim Apple.
[deleted]
100% GME shares, sell covered calls at 35 dollars until all your shares are gone. FUCKING EZ.
Why is r/misogyny banned but not r/femaledatingstrategy ?
[deleted]
basically wasted the year....2020 has been shit
How are mods able to manipulate this? Doesn't seem like they are
So it needs to be written by Thomas massie(look up his end the ed bill). Except he'd never write this one
Woah, an award from u/Uberkikz11 himself! 

From the GME OG Extraordinaire - what an honor!
[deleted]
This is very tame 

All they’re doing is reposting stories from another thread 

It’s gotten way worse WITH mods supporting it lol
Fuck all you hoes? Damn bro that's some next-level insult right there
[deleted]
Dick pics wit da boyz 🚀
4chan v. Tumblr all over again by the sound of that
Question is:  
***Did you level up this week***?
-----
Lmao probably gonna moon ngl
YES !!
JUST GOT BANNED FROM FDS 

For being a super HVM 

That’s more street cred for me :)
East coast has lots more women than guys, so men don't have as much competition, which benefits unattractive guys. West coast has lots of guys than women, so women don't have as much competition, which benefits unattractive women.
but what if up every time §
Do you think Cathy Woods will see me as a HVM if I don’t wash my ass?
To any NKLA bulls, I have Arizona oceanfront property to sell you at great prices.
fr but who doesnt want those massive 500% gains?
I try and always trade with current events like covid in mind, and I make modest returns.
##YOU DONT GET ANY RESPECT BECAUSE YOU ARE FUNNY BUILT AND ACT LIKE SUCKING DICK IS A MIRACLE. 

(IM TALKIN TO YOU STEVE)
Ordering off the Applebee’s menu I see...
MT 🚀
If I was in that situation I would start hiding money. 

If she’s too retarded to take care of herself you have to do it.

I’m literally getting chest pains thinking of getting stuck where I am and all progress stopping bc my girl wants to be a dumb bitch and max out her lifestyle 

Keep growing and the lifestyle grows with it.

Never cap ur growth. 

Srsly start a new brokerage account or something just for yourself so she can’t yell at you or try to increase her spending even more
Eh. It's been pointlessly misogynistic for years.  Though admittedly more this year.
Lmao. I still remember exactly what hotel room i was in and what I was doing when this came out.  Such a WSB classic.
WSB will destroy them there’s not gunna be a war just a slaughtering of pigs
you ever want to break up with a girl but feel bad so you do things on purpose to try and get her to break it off. i imagine not wiping your ass after u shit would do the trick but if that doesn't work try shitting directly on them.
[deleted]
yeah but usually its moderated to a degree. now theres no moderation.its going off the rails
Good thing you won’t be allowed to post without flair
DD is a waste of time, everything is already priced in. We in a casino with better odds.
I just see GME and PLTR everywhere.

It's turned into Stocktwits
HVM behavior
Can you please explain this? I’m fucking lost.
I just when to r/FemaleDatingStrategy and said “fuck all you hoes” get ready for war boys
They also have a FDs handbook?
Isn't that basically Tinder
Apple specializes in consumer electronics. An EV is simply the most expensive consumer electronic. Heads of automobile manufacturers have frequently spoken at CES shows. EVs are not very similar to a traditional car when it comes to engineering, and this is something Apple will use 3rd party manufacturers for.
r/all nerds popping in to see why the subs going off:

Da Fuck They Doin Ova There?
I’m not saying it’s gng to happen. Very unlikely but w CCP, there is a possibility
WSB coming in at -10000 on the moneyline for that one
Stfu melvin
[deleted]
What if the Nashville Bomber did it because he had puts on ATT expiring next week.
[deleted]
Perfect as in.. GameTheoryOptimal so.. break even at best?
You're a genius Mortimer!
oooh fuckity fuck
What is 2LV's the new FMK?
[deleted]
Need a website that will use your image and show you a woman with the same attractiveness. Some of us don't have sisters to compare.
You're going to perform better if the *other* people trading are retards.

This is why a woman's place is in the kitchen.
we leak into r/all and front pages of Reddit Everytime a few big gains are made 

You’ll see with time 

Then we get an influx of dipshits wanting to be overnight millionaires 

They play options without knowing shit. Lose money. Leave.

Repeat 


Happens like once a month.
[deleted]
GE makes the engines for Boeing 737 max and most Boeing planes. Airbus’ engines are mainly sourced from Rolls Royce.
just looked it up... some sort of aussie stock. I thought we didn't do penny stocks around here?
what the fuck. Kayne West just released a song about the stock market

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xuXQMab\_X0Y](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xuXQMab_X0Y)
Nice
The talk is just to drive the price down more
Then i'm extra retarded often hahaha.
SPACS are a gift
30 minutes of time with your mother.

Problem is, the price has been rock-bottom for years...
I can't wait for the inevitable meme war between wsb and r/FemaleDatingStrategy
Cryptos
There’s never been a better time to be an average or better looking girl. Literally post some pics on social media and boom you got a sausage fest
A true fucking retard.
[deleted]
Nice save
when these LVMs dont wipe their ass or clean their apartments or shit why do FDS women stay with them?
[removed]
Ahhhhh. Thank you 😂
I think a lot of it has to do with Tinder and other dating apps. They’ve gotten used to picking the cream of the crop but neither side wants to settle down.
thanks for making it clear buying a call option means youre bullish on it
Supply and demand.
Da fuck is a hvm
Bro?
Omg you can do it gurl. Yas queen
Asshole
Cheers
[deleted]
🤣
Apple first ev car is probably gonna cost 200-350k. Apple is always about quality over quantities. 😉
Amazon prime saved my ass by ordering on Monday and got it Tuesday next day delivery
Those type of message freak me out. My gf and her family are loaded thought so I guess I should be all right?
Literally just asked this. Low/high value man
Damn it just realized. Eh fk it I'm not going to fix it so people can judge me. See you guys on monday
He tweeted “no such deal” in response to a tweet that implied there was a completed/firm agreement in place.
[deleted]
Damn man. 

That’s my worst nightmare.

Hopefully she’s fades out of it and stops caring what others think/ stops burning your future up for nothing
[deleted]
He’s either going to be wolf of Wall Street or like Eric from margin call
Cars aren't phones. I don't think Apple knows what they're doing. None of Apple's current products are long-life items. And by roll-out a 100k iCar won't be a viable price. Even the Tesla fans here aren't actually paying 100k for their cars now in the modern line.

Apple simply doesn't specialize in this kind of product.
They sure did. I think it was last quarter that they had around 30k in revenue, solely from those panels on his house.

And yes his brother is a concrete worker who is somehow in charge of setting up a national hydrogen infrastructure network 😂. To be fair his last job was something a little more tech oriented but still  

I can't wait for the future documentaries they make about this scam of a company.
Bro just give me your money. Ill be your "money guy" and when she wants money she has to give me a nice tug and blow. That way at least one of us is getting our dicks wet. Can i get an amen?
Looks like I’m floating comfortably with a few extra
I planned to get dual-motor, but my Canoo gains are making me get the tri-motor.
Wear two life vests so I’ll definitely be afloat when the rescue boat arrives.
Fucking women, I just wasted 15 minutes of my life reading women complaining, instead of 15 minutes of being verbally nagged, 😂 lol that it's a women only sub is hilarious, like any guy would care to read about how they are queens and deserve HVM and shouldn't settle for LVM. It's easy ladies, if your hot,  a guy will be interested, if not you gotta settle for flawed. There FDS are as about effective as my DD.
Feel for you bro.  Start the process right now.
Queens leveling up
Bears went from HVM in March to LVM the rest of the year and counting. That’s alright they’re gay  and don’t like sweaty heifer low tide beefcurtains anyway
That's assuming you even live long enough to retire
[deleted]
[deleted]
McConnell, Graham, Pelosi...
Only two life vests...
Your Decision...
I've seen it on other social media, but it's very possible it's just WSB-ers using lingo in the wild
Read up on USO first. It hasn't tracked oil since April so even if oil recovers USO itself might not move very much. I also imagine there will be a lot of of selling pressure right at $40 because of everyone who piled in around that effective price and then got double screwed from the March contango and the reverse split.
Not a bad idea, I think averaging down would be the way to play this, BABA hasn't stopped falling yet.
Hahaha got damn 😆😆😆
It’s amazing how delusional chicks are nowadays. A 6/10 chick working a minimum wage job truly thinks everyone in beneath her all because her Facebook profile pic got liked by a few dozen dudes trying to hump and dump. It’s amazing how badly they think of men meanwhile they are so susceptible to narcissism it’s astounding to anyone looking from the outside in. This new generation of females in the dating market are in for a very rude awakening when they hit their 30s and the chads don’t want to hit it and quit it anymore
“Trust me ladies; a HVM will think for months ahead about what to get you for Christmas. And he'll get you multiple things. You should never be a man's afterthought. Your self respect deserves better.”

Meanwhile you get J. Crew socks and a $15 gift card to Bass Pro Shop.
You fail to mention that $AMZN fell 95% from its peak in 1999 to its 2000 lows and that it took 14 years or so for $MSFT to get to all-time highs after the dot-com crash.
It’s been 2 hours and I still can’t figure out what in the fuck they mean by 

LVM and HVM

All I know is 

LVM = r/WSB 

HVM = r/dividends
Ugh. Men manage to turn me off so MUCH.  
-----
Lick the clam sweetheart.. plenty of females for you to choose from I am sure.
[deleted]
How tf you gonna prempt the shit when it already happened?
Hahah yeah I have. Like slices of salami, cardi B style.
That dude not wiping his ass should get a clear rear. It is life changing smelly gooch dude if you’re out there somewhere and get this message
At least I won something.  I lost years bro.. years.
Yeah. I will test this next tuesday, something to look foward to.
The ones with large areola’s. We call them half dollar coins cuz they were the biggest
BEARS AND LVM
Yaaaasssss Queeen Go Off! Perioddtttttt. 💅🏾💅🏾💅🏾💅🏾
You got my interest
Until u find out those fuckers are rich in Japan 🇯🇵
[deleted]
You won't need a home because you'll be on a yacht or in fancy hotels with extravagant women..? Where we're going, you don't need a house.
Real shit here.. this is why you're a store clerk sweetheart.
If I remember correctly, nobody still working loses their pay, it's just deferred. Including contracted companies. Palantir will still get paid, just might not be on the first
That’s just Mount Tendie erupting
Respect we all got our type
Everyone knows candles are candle-scented
It is just overbought like most stuff, sometimes it takes awhile to grow into your ridiculous valuation....like 10 years
That was my signal to buy, minimum downside from $16, yet it traded at $15.40 for the entire rest of the day on low volumes.
Sekiro
🙄
“ cock bigger than a horse “

Dame did that make your asshole wet
[deleted]
[deleted]
The goat
It's a fairly well-known financial meme account.
He’s probably the guy not wiping his ass
Hey Bud. I live and work in Boomtown, USA still. LUCKILY not in the oilfield. Oil might be a smidge higher but no sign or a recovery. But if you're bullish, double down.
No, reddit bans subs for content, especially misogynist content
shits always cringe on the weekends
🌵 🚀 🚀 🚀
What are they? For real after I saw these nipples I had to google it and found out they were called eraser nipples lmao
Finally beat DSIII again since launch, including the optional bosses and DLC. Contemplating if I want to go NG+ or start Sekiro
The girl is a minimum wage cashier at a bookstore and has the audacity to call men buying presents LVM’s. These bitches are living in a false reality
Buy stocks when housing prices are low
They have boring products but the new laptops seem great
No u need to own Tesla and square stock 

And apparently wash your ass
[deleted]
50 that I bought Tues... but fuck I got in too late I’m already regretting it
Nah reddit is not a place that allows male safe spaces. if this keeps up it'll bleed into normal activity on the sub and then it'll be much more part oft the culture here and eventually reddi tadmins will do a take down. its a slippery slope we don't want to go down.
$MT 🚀🤑
/FDS talks about men the same way /DoorDash talks about $3 10-mile tipless deliveries
As someone who works in renewable energy investments, this is bullshit - PV and wind have shit returns without any incentives. Wind can be alright for pension funds if you achieve economies of scale but PV the more there is the worse it gets (check out the duck curve)

I’m big on a fucking oil and natural gas comeback.
[deleted]
Found the guy with a bunker on the mountaintop
[deleted]
This, make way more issuing new stock to folks than product
Orange juice
I spent 1 hour teaching him options last week. 

He was not deserving of the help man. He’s an r/investing pleb to the core
This book against WSB policy!
This guy fucks......has hand.
You mean that $pltr is a good choice for my portfolio? And it isn’t overvalued? All ipo stocks normally sink after some months?! 🤷‍♂️
[deleted]
I mean some of them are big girls.
[deleted]
[deleted]
I'm 100% into GME and I jerk off to the future when we start squeezing. Of course I'm going to say to sell EVERYTHING and go leveraged 100% into GME.
Let me beat the horse a little bit more he’s not even decomposing yet!
What’s with this gay HVM/LVM bullshit? Shit is so cringe
FDs
I prefer gay crossovers
Lmao they got me the same thing
Gotta have serious money talks before the ring bro

Can’t let the ass distract you from what really matters 

Eyes on the prize💰👀
The heck is happening here, lol
“I work a seasonal job at a popular chain fragrance/soap/candle store. 99% of the time our clientele is 99% female. The last couple of days the flurry of frantic males has been stunning. Most of them have no idea what kind of scents or products their gal even likes.”

Their girls like ass stank duh.
I am not that excited about a car years out
I think you realized that being a gay bear was the problem
Same except I didn't marry her.  Didn't mean it wasn't just like a marriage.. at least I didn't have to deal with paperwork when I finally took my balls back and left.
[deleted]
this HVM/LVM shit is cringe
I bought all my gifts on Christmas Eve. Everyone loved them. No traffic in stores that day. HVM alpha move if you ask me.
surely there were warning signs looking back with hindsight?
Only if your salary is 9 figures, you’re over 6 foot 6 and pure athleticism and chad with a cock bigger than a horses so she will actually feel it in that whale vagina
Have you dated the half dollar nips tho?
Did they actually do that before??? Hahaha

Look at their balance sheet it's some of the worst shit I've ever seen, 900+ million in cash from common stock, and literally just 60 million for their plants, which has already depreciated $9 million lmao

I'm all for meme stocks but this is a bit much, PLTR is just overvalued euphoria, this shit is a scam lmao
Damn I don't have any sisters. I'll have to borrow yours
I'M FUCKING DONE WITH HIM

Every day when he comes home from work, he just looks at his phone. He says he is ''investing'' and working on his ''business'' to make us money. He is always too tired so we never have sex. I have tried everything to get his little soldier up, but he keeps saying he is too stressed or too tired because of all the work he does to feed the 150 kg Cheeto-eating whale that I am. 

I am so done with him, I deserve someone that will actually pay attention to me. 

And so do you girl
AINT NO TOPIC BITCH JUST DONT BRIGADE OTHER SUBS AND ITS FINE
NRA. Never Red Again
Hate to say it but even mentioning ev pumps money in they should not worry about selling phones and just pump stock they would make more per year, look at tesla...the main product has been stock market cap is what 3 million per car ever made?
I read this book. Actually bought a hardcover. Compared the technicals to the current stock market and they did not match jack shit. Dumped this book at the bottom of the shelf and enabled options trading. FTS attitude.

So the book goes into detail about how to look at companies, analyze patterns etc and at the end says if its too much hassel, go and  buy the Vanguard etf. Are u f kidding me?!!
Like showing all fancy ingredients to prepare a meal and then telling the reader you can order the whole readymade meal online too. 

Hell yea im pissed. Wasted 4 days on it.
Why?
Because lots of tech nerds
Options, SPACs and I poke penny stocks when I’m feeling extra retarded
brb i’m preemptively buying the rights to produce a movie about the nashville explosion
Her hobby is working out (her arteries)
I'm aware
I mean, youre probably right and they wouldnt tell the truth if they did.
Wrong

All of Earth: Great for dating if you’re attractive female or HVM make (confident men, lots of cash, etc.)...
[deleted]
[deleted]
I’m not really into them
I’m almost in tears laughing
[deleted]
I rather die than live anywhere but the Western United States
lmao. Hesitantly at first
Thoughts on $OTGLY? Coworker wants to go big on it at opening.
[deleted]
Just put it in GME from the start
Watch Corporate on CC, trust me
Still over valued
Everyone’s shit posting and some rando is asking where the mode are at 3AM. Lmao
Half of the book is about bonds lol throw away that boring piece of shit haha
I dunno, he fired a nice torpedo at the gop keeping control of the Senate with his 2k number. If Mitch goes for it, the fiscal conservatives aren't gonna be keen on him staying in power. If he doesn't, then he loses the moderate conservatives. Either way Mitch goes, keeping his power just got exponentially more difficult
No retard that’s the south evidently where you’re from
Why wouldn’t the west coast be good for attractive females
It’s Boxing Day
Welcome aboard!
[deleted]
I don’t live paycheck to paycheck. Does that make me an HVM?
It's hilarious. They've just been pushing the same dirt back and forth for months now.
Wtf. 22 and single mom
Pleas drive again
Meh good luck
Maybe
Good thing it’s 3am the day after Christmas 

Fuck da police
I didn’t know that it is only in europe a real „lockdown“. The borders are closed and you aren’t allowed to travel. In the states everything ist normally?
On all fours waiting for his Wall Street sugar daddy to make him feel “special”...
Where you date your sisters
Down 30% but glad you up fam
[deleted]
Bro stfu. 

Anything goes on weekends. Markets are closed. What the actual fuck are we supposed to talk about? 

The same bombing news that’s been posted every 5 minutes all day?? 

You wanna hear it every 2 minutes instead of 5? 

STFU

Edit: YOURE THE SAME KID I SPENT AN HOUR TEACHING OPTIONS TO LAST WEEK! 

YOURE NOT EVEN A REGULAR! 

This is how it goes here man. If you don’t like weekend WSB go to r/investing. Seriously.
That and it isn't like they're building the pension for charity. You're loaning them the reduced wages for decades and they're attempting to outpace that portion of your salary with the capital boost.
Goddamn it we got vigilante mods now?
Boeing doesn’t make engines Rolls Royce does.
Damn I wish it wasn’t against the law to masturbate on Christmas
I thought people were riding it for the very short term overhype pop...but im starting to see people really liking the smell of their own farts and suddenly want to hold this shit that was going bankrupt less than a year ago but all of a suddent arent because...they said so. Because all their plans apparently have zero % chance of failing with nothing at all to show justification for this price except...shutting down stores? And they have cash...big whoop. Its not currently nor anytime soon worth what it was 2 years ago lol.

 I dont even care about collaboration with microsoft. Why would I even think about going to gamestop for a pc part over newegg. What this failing company gonna be giving me, even cheaper prices? Doubt. Oh yeah they opening an online store to sell games? Well wallmart, target, amazon, bestbuy already have those. Plus digital purchases I imagine will only continue to increase.
Bad for dating in general
good thing im in the east coast
Some dude here was shilling vending a week ago. What a loser lol
[deleted]
Pokémon cards.
Thats the thing, i can fire them so they probably wouldnt dare 🤔
[deleted]
Bombs are bullish💥📈
Anything that goes the opposite direction that I wamt it to, like to buy too early into shit like baba then watch it fall an extra 20%
What’s midwest
Distraction Diversion
Did they put more solar panels on Milton's mansion again? Or maybe Milton's brother "head of hydrogen logistics" paved a few more driveways
Summary: 

Think like a boomer.
So those heifers can degrade all men under their “standards” but I can’t return fire? Buncha malarkey
Bumped my holdings from 100 to additional 700. after Cohen doubled down, I octupled down.
IV means you have to invest more to get in then watch your nuts get crushed by the crazy
I'm dead set on a cybertruck. I just don't know which model is most worth it
Imagine paying 60 grand for a vending machine when you can just buy tech
[deleted]
Pussy
Well, in europe everything is closed until mid of january. Restaurants are closed and so on. The money for the help has to be printed. That means inflation. I‘m not sure if this will end in another crisis.
Eraser nipples are the best bro 😍
Get ready to level up!
Ya lazy assss
[Enjoy](https://youtu.be/jg85H26wyLk?t=773)
I’ve always found this kinda stuff to be sort of ineffective for me. I always think “that looks fucking horrible they must have been smoking two packs a day I don’t smoke at all compared to them”
Cramer sucks
Should I sell some Tesla shares and buy $gme??
It’ll depend on the stock, it’ll list margin requirements. Definitely read up on it on your brokers website as I think there are broker specific margin interest rates and possibly other important info about billing, etc.
Nah just that we run the risk of geting banned for some stupid shit. i reallly like this sub.
You idiots better not be red-pilling yourselves
Fuck that sub. They banned me for even questioning the authenticity of that fake ass semi
Tbf I am pretty sure that women who don't hang on on reddit or internet forum never use this abbreviation.
No, you're just retarded
lean hogs
Well yeah i meant todays price
God, take a hard look in the mirror if I had any part in getting rid of your hesitation. I am even more retarded than the rest. With that said, good plan. May the autists win. <3
I want the power to sell when the market is closed too
[deleted]
[removed]
😽
Bro I mean, yeah I lowkey agree but it’s Saturday on a 3.5day weekend from trading... wtf you really want to talk about?
Lol the FDS chicks and white knights are finally here to downvote. YAAASSSSS QUEEEEN WORK ITTTTT
Any pics tho
[deleted]
You sucked on them anyways didn’t you
Do I have this right?

West coast = great for dating if you are an attractive male or an unattractive female

East coast = great for dating if you are an unattractive male or an attractive female
If you don’t know I can’t help you. 

Non-shitposting though I’d get the model S plaid that’s coming out. Shit is gonna be sweet.
Its not a glitch its a feature- Neel Kashkari

https://youtu.be/i_lWtUYPECc
Now I know what I’m typing in the porn box later
Haven't cycled an inch but I've got some sick arm gains from PTON
Soybeans and Boeing
Maxing out your credit card for an iPhone and getting downvoted on r/wallstreetbets ...

You’ll fit in fine around here, kid. Just ask fewer questions and add more 🚀 emojis 


🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
No intelligent or non-insane girl believes any of the shit on that sub 

Only people on there are the fat, ugly, or psycho bitches

They just want simps bro
90% of Theta is eaten by 30-35
[deleted]
🥭 wants that in the stimulus bill
13,25$
nevermind the retard
with a short interest of 135%, is that what the returns on shares would look like? Or is the return amount just a guessing game at this point?
Damn dude, sorry to see your retarded genes dominated your wife's
?
Until they meet me.. I bring the dirt out into the light.
Yup 👍
A true HVM don’t need to prove to the world that he’s HVM
It seems like she could just talk to him about abruptly pulling out his dick and talk about working on their sex life. Talk about a LVF
Quad motor if you don't want to be talked about on a certain subreddit.
I’m currently sitting on 4xJan 2022 25c so I like this post. 😃
Vega, no one wants a crazy girl
Maybe they’re playing 4D chess and this is what they wanted all along 🤔
I once hooked up with this chick with long ass nipples that were like 2 inch straws. Freaked me out
and here i thought FDs were a way to lose money
It doesn’t
=[   Not coming up on Robinhood for me either.
Are we buying puts on ATT?
What's going on with Apple? Fuck it, puts it is 🤷‍♂️
For what reason
[removed]
😏😈😎
lmao puts on that dudes weenie
They’re out there, not every girl is looking for sex
According to who
If you can’t laugh about him pulling his dick out maybe you’re the problem
TRUE !!!
the day u can’t provide is the day 

You end up alone
Me
Yaaaassss queeeen dump ittttt
[removed]
[removed]
/u/OPINION_IS_UNPOPULAR can you do something please and get the mod team working again? The behavior in this thread is completely off topic and risks the subreddit as breaking reddit rules and endangers its survival
**here you go** 
  
Welcome to Female Dating Strategy, the only dating subreddit exclusively for women!

FDS focuses on effective dating strategies for women who know what they want, and are proactive about their love lives.

FDS is based on a few core principles.

If a man isn’t consistently pursuing you, he’s not that into you. Mixed signals = no.
Generous men are a non-negotiable.
Cut off low-effort situationships.
Do your **due diligence** getting to know the person. Don't have sex before commitment has been established, or before he has demonstrated investment in your relationship.
Wishful thinking and romantic projection are discouraged.
Be realistic about the nature and intentions of people you don't know.
For more on these principles, dating advice, and FAQs, read our FDS Handbook here. Newbies MUST read this handbook prior to posting.

Join the official Female Dating Strategy website and forum here

FDS is not a debate sub, it is a space for like-minded women to support each other. Those who wish to argue about core FDS principles will be banned on sight. That being said, welcome new subbies! <3 Get ready to level up.
Let me check her posts in FDS...
Exactly. They have been outperforming the market for literally 40 years and have proven everyone wrong with nearly every product release.
What's that
No fucking way lmao. I used to do this shit all the time to my girl and she’d give me head. What a wet blanket.
Yes.
[removed]
deepfuckingvalue sold. gg

who's gonna hold now?
Well, it’s DD as far as WSB goes, but you’re just speculating.

I think there is a good reason to be careful before lock up ends. Investor day and earnings, every little news make the news - feels like Papa Karp is pumping it a bit no? 

That’s my speculation. I’ll wait to February and see, my money is working nicely elsewhere for now.
Nice, just search a photo on google of a severe case of a person cuz of smoking, then you’ll surely stop
Buy the index, retard.
Ma’am, did you say nuggets and fries?
just lube up you asshole king 

I give u one $F share
Who else has some tendies on the downfall of AAPL on this coming weeks? 

If not I would suggest.
FDS sub is like getting a copy of an exam before you take it. shit bout to be on easy mode now.
All of them
Nice gains
What would your mother say?
Appl will continue to jump. No matter what they are too big to fail.
They’ll tell you it’s what you’re not
did u calculate how much of your equity must decrease until margin call?
He's being a condescending cunt about it though. Obviously this market is bullish so it's easier to make money, but you can't just discredit people's trading success just because it's a bull market. Is it only acceptable if you make money durring crashes? Sounds like a salty gay bear to me. If he just wanted to warm people he could of done in a much less pretentious way like "I know it's easy to get caught up in your success, but be careful and realize success not doesn't guarantee success in the future. The market is always changing, so before going all in make sure you really know what you're doing." And not "u guys r dumb it's not fair it's a bull market >:(, your gains don't count!! It's all a bubble, you suck I'm epic, I'm smart not you!"
[deleted]
Yiiiiiikes
Well no shit but point is admins will ban popular subs do idk why you think they won’t
BAN
First thing in the morning before eating anything do a high intensity interval training. Jog for a few mins and sprint full speed for 20seconds. Do it for about 5 sets. Then after that work on weight lifting targeting more than 2-3 muscle groups for maximize effect. Do these for at least 3 times a week. Thank me later

MT $25 6/18 MGNI $40 2/19
It’s not a school night...
Step up to the plate and get the tri motor or you’re LVM
You guys think i should ask my mid 20s female subordinates at work what a HVM is 🤔
Are those really options?
[deleted]
Too long, didn’t read
Yeah they will, becuase they're shutting down hatespeech even though it hurts them, they come out heroes
When a girl tells me she is waiting till marriage..  
*Okay, sooo, second time we see each other*?  
I thought I'd never encounter a girl like this and 2 in the past couple years..
[removed]
Red days should be illegal
Guys investing is a LVM activity according to FDS, queens deserve a guy who already has millions instead of still in the process of earning them. Some of these queens are almost 20 they deserve someone mature and with his shit together so he can afford to keep proving that the relationship is organic with gifts.
They need to bring back zjz
[deleted]
Down 35% $6.5k
[deleted]
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [Ram Ranch                   ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MADvxFXWvwE) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MADvxFXWvwE)⠀►►⠀ 4:33 / 6:50 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
Nvm I’m dry
Major “aPpLe CaNt MaKe PhOnEs” energy going around lately
Wow a CBD gummy 😏
👀
[deleted]
Next time a girl makes fun of my stock portfolio I’m not wiping my ass! HVM mindset!
Stock to the blue chips bro,
I just realized what a ripoff pensions are because you pay so much in taxes later on. If you had put the money in a roth instead, you would avoid paying like 35% tax in retirement vs. a six figure pension.
[deleted]
me when the CBD kick in: "bro im soooo chill rn"
Sorry, yes. Mohawk.
SNEK IS OUT AGAIN 🐍
You can do it!
Wasn’t that the one that made you rethink your life earlier?
FNGD
Which cybertruck should I get? Single motor, dual motor, or tri motor?
Proud to say that I haven’t inhaled any kind of smoke since December 7. Gonna try and make it till Jan 7
whats the most important greek when assessing a women, i think theta decay
Download the ebook for free. Look it up on library genesis
This sub has been flooded with retards I miss AMD and boat dreams
Norepinephrine is a hell of a drug
That was some shit..
Better tell him again, he wasn't listening:

https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kk6jy6/450100k_in_3_months_not_bad_retardstrength/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share
Gals at FDS should start chainsmoking
[removed]
🤣🤣
Hey u/DeepFuckingValue

Fuck you
Lol they will ban any sub and not think twice about it
HVMs only😤
[deleted]
I'll take a buncha autists with actual market moving abilities over some Trumpkins or fat feminazis every day of the week
In and out of a dozen stocks over the last month, just starting to learn options, all time chart would show a 20k dip before I found this sub
The MARA calls I bought at close on Thursday 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Yeah I’m not saying it’s like game changing money for AAPL, but an extra $10B in revenue while making headway into the EV market sounds chill
name checks out
🔫Do It
He has such a punchable face, he's like the great value brand of investors.
Is Jim Cramer in it? 💦💦
I guess not😔 I’m not fully supporting her
😤🙏
Wtf so I have to wipe my ass to be a HVM 

Is not having money and Dividents  enough !!! 

Reee

😭😭😭🤣🤣🤣
[deleted]
OK, this help to confirm my investment thesis. I'm looking to make bank once your idiot coworkers pick up on RIDE.
Trade your husband for a boyfriend and you get half his assets ! Literally can’t go tits up until you start your onlyfans!
Go on...
I’m too afraid to click
You’re not a HMV then
I wonder what u/tsla500eod and u/wsbgal think of all the LVM and HVM shit
I look at all woman like stock 


And assess there value as I would a company 

That determines how much time and RESORCES I will invest
Yes
Yup
Ur not slick zeejizz
MHW? Do you mean MHK? I don’t see an MHW in Robinhood. =[
You know what irritates me more than that? Or I guess an extrapolation of that...

Most women have NOTHING to offer other than pussy and potentially raising a family. I cannot explain to you how many absolutely useless fucking women I know. To be fair I know a shit ton of absolutely useless fuckin men too. Can’t fix anything around the house, don’t know anything about cars, terrible people skills, etc. But women seem so entitled about it. They have this mindset like “oh I just have to be pretty and some great man will sweep me off my feet” and that shit is ridiculous. Looks fade, but they want a man who’s attractive, rich, etc etc. I also hate how most women genuinely just use whoever they’re with. Just saw a bitch complaining about men on there how we pull the “no one cares about men’s mental health or emotions” card. Which is true. No one gives a fuck about men except for what we can provide. 

Only women and dogs receive unconditional love. Men are loved for what they can provide. 

Rant over.
Some person found a way to make an exercise video about them.
How was that? What can you tell me before I buy it?
[deleted]
thats a lot of mileage
Why many when few words suffice?
my RH expenses alone are like $10k a month
Success! Took less than an hour!

https://imgur.com/rCWblB0
NPAWW
Started this year in Jan with my life savings of ~50k. Was up 6 k by the end of Feb. portfolio started crashing in march, held until april... then sold near the lowest point... lost 15K in just stocks. Then in an attempt to break even, yolo’d 25k on spy puts expiring in the middle of June. Lost all but 10 k. Then bought into tsla calls and spacs starting in July and my portfolio is at 130k now.
[removed]
Long as tits but some good points. The TLDR is it’s more risky to do smaller plays because you have to win repeatedly vs focusing on one huge play
I find that offensive. My broker is plenty real.
Logic checks out
Gay is OK 👍🏾
Starbucks SBUX Monday ?
I’m here till this CBD gummy kicks in...
To be fair with the revenue they brought in last year , 10 billion isn’t a huge amount . Definitely a positive though

I’m excited to see what their car looks like
Sometimes words you no need use but need need for talk talk
MT == Meal Ticket
I tried to look up median hourly pay and it's extremely misleading. 

https://fred.stlouisfed.org/series/LES1252881600Q
Alright, the last bit of hesitation has just left my mind, all in on Monday. Thank you sir 🙏
Do squats to 

If u want a HVM from Grindr to give u cock 

U got to be looking right king 👑
Uhh maybe you forgot about the Donald, that had a fuck ton of traffic


This shit? Happy Valley Nutrition Limited (HVM.AX)
Did you really think that was cute? At least you’re aware that you’re a LVM now👏
Now why would you wanna play bills let alone student loans 😳
[removed]
Bruh a real alpha can jerk off to that
You’re looking for https://www.reddit.com/u/cyanlce/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf
Ban...
Holy fuck what is that Alien vs Predator shit.
Flashbacks to playing Dance Dance Revolution like a maniac.
gl my friend

tickers?
Welp I guess its time to get a gofundme together for  our bro u/zjz and his bots to return. We donate to worse causes. Lets make them a millionaire for xmas
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [Imagine - John Lennon and Th](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YkgkThdzX-8) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YkgkThdzX-8)⠀►►⠀ 2:36 / 3:54 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
Someone earlier called their trucks "potential-energy-powered." I guess same goes for their stock
Damn I'm out of ideas.
Take my upvote...
alexa play imagine
Time to beat off some calories
I don't know of anything. Mostly that it might be happening in Q1
Cathie is a HVF
Degenerates like us don’t have ITM capital to tie up
Im only interesting in fuk bear asshole
Because we are in for a squeeze that we can't time. Calls expire, shares don't.
[deleted]
Bruh 

https://www.reddit.com/r/WhereAreAllTheGoodMen/comments/kjo59e/can_anyone_name_this_mushroom_that_looks_like_its/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf
200 Monday
Yes please. Someone get flaired and invite them. No clap backs from us allowed it would still be funny as fuck
It's Big Baller
[removed]
Hahaha 😝
Mods please ban, wtf are these posts?  Since when wsb is your gay personal diary.???
Most of us? All you said was people are loaded. I was replying to that statement
[removed]
Even if your rent is like $2000/month, you still have enough leftover for everything else.
I'm up 80%
time to burn off some calories
You hens

Lmfaooo
That’s a big yikes from me dog
[https://youtu.be/SVi3-PrQ0pY](https://youtu.be/SVi3-PrQ0pY) Imagine a World of Pure Imagination.
This play works better with shares if you want a squeeze. Even without a squeeze GME goes to 30-40
How was it?
I'm scared for my health on a bi-weekly basis bro.
BuT omFg hE hAs PIED!  Porn is bad! Women should be proud and own their sexuality but porn bad!  

- a subreddit of “feminists” disguised as misogynists.
😈
GUHHH
Facts - they’re just gonna buy off their engineers and take a more realistic approach. TSLA’s product isn’t the car. It’s the stock.
🥳🥳
Mods = 🌈
reddit will ban a subreddit with publicity and 1.7 million members? I have some beachfront property in Iowa for sale if you're interested
You're wrong they have $245,000 in net recievables somehow lmao
GOEV needs to pick it up for me
Hell yes they are lmao 

Bunch of fat 4 who want a man who is a 8
All of the DC movies are bad but somehow they keep getting worse. Like, the snyder cut is going to be 4+ hours. Wtf
You’re right, buying more if it dips 🚀🚀🚀
How so? Does that contribute to the stock rising more?
And here I thought I’ll have a boring overnight shift at work. This is gold!
Hahahaha!

Learn to play Xbox, and you won’t be such a LVF
Fax
"Meanwhile, he continues to repulse you, by eating like a pig, not showering, talking to you in a toddler voice."  

did not know other nibbas was up on that toddler voice game. this whole time i thought girls thought it was cute, no wonder y they broke up with me.
Yup. 20k would get you approved for just over 550k purchase price for a 1-4 unit building. Live in one rent the rest, live for free, yolo all that extra money on gme
Tell him we gave you the R-word pass
[removed]
Saw Happy Death Day for the first time this week and was pleasantly surprised
Real HVM don’t wipe their asses coz they want that rusty trombone 🎺
I mean Tesla only has 908 in the US and 1800 worldwide. 100 isn't a bad start..
Selling covered calls can lead to huge regret if there is a quick short squeeze. I wouldn't sell one single covered call.
Dude where have you been this past week? Mods left. Lmao
>good trader

>Makes youtube videos

Pick one
[deleted]
SHARES GODDAMNIT
look at those index funds. insanely crazy return
That’s facts
>imagine girlfriend

Easy man thats NOT cool
Wah wah wah buddy. Nobody can even post there you have to be flaired
Bought up 500 shares at ~$18. Not quite fully retarded but you gotta start small.
practically poverty level in most bigger cities
Cheez itz and wheat thins mixed is dank asf
He's Asian for sure.
Not for dating. And definitely not where i am. > 50% of the asian women i went to in high school, uni or work ended up with white man.
Looks like he would still be a lonely incel even if those puts hit, what a retard
Imagine imagining an imagination of imagined imaginary images
I really enjoyed how you spoke in such an authoritative and patronizing manner while managing to demonstrate how you do not even understand one of the most elementary parts of options.
Pretty sure ARK is the closest thing to a WSB ETF you can get.
Hahahaha 

Son of a butch I’m in
Are you fucking retarded? This guy over here is a Melvin.
I’m lucky enough to work in a field where I can still make material gains (and I’m good at my job) but honestly it’s really hard to stay motivated these days — I’ve got a lot of friends on permanent career break just like you. We all keep in touch so that helps.
So this post is still correct
#Playing infinite leverage box spreads makes you HVM 👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼🗣🗣🗣🗣
Yea, that's not it.
This number is by far bigger than 2^63 or any integer representation.

It is just a string at this point with is retard enough.

Stripe represent all their currency amounts and enumerations as unsigned integers, which is the way to go.

Stripe 🚀🚀🚀
Yeah 

That’s who they giving up the PUSSY to ...

Man a lot of woman is all bark 

No bite 

They say they want a 8 but they will fuck and suck a 4 who buys em McDonald’s
Why the actual fuck would you use MEAN average hourly pay and think it means anything 😂 Kids are investing before even finishing highscool math got damn
I got all my margin in pltr avg $24.70 is this risky
LVM2FUKMARRIEDMILFS
[https://i.imgur.com/8gQgX0f.jpg](https://i.imgur.com/8gQgX0f.jpg)  

this
HVM
Shares or calls? Pick one and I'm dumping 100% of my money into it
You can tap contributions, 10k in gains for a down payment on your house (couple others that I'm too lazy to google). Or you can pay the 10% penalty. If your living it up in some dirt cheap country, you won't feel the hit.
Stopped reading at 4 and tbh surprised I made it that far
HTZ is still above $1.5
There’s this video I was watching where a dude shoved his balls inside a gaping butt hole bro. I saved it if you want it
If you have to ask then you can’t make that transition🙅🏻‍♂️
Imagine your girlfriend going through your phone to see if you’re seeing other women, but instead just finds your comments asking for dick pics on this subreddit
Lol yeah no.
Suck my dick and stop posting this shit
Started this year, I put in 890 to see how'd I do and won 13,25$. Got really excited since I didn't do anything and slowly kept putting more money in and see how I'll do. After a bit of researching and finding this sub, I decided to put 15k (basically all I had) in APPL back in August. The only phrase I learned was, "Stocks only go up" and bought aapl at 504 before the stock split. Didn't won anything at all for the next 2 months since I didn't sold and lost 1k. Decided to say fk it and took the loss. 

Later I went to YALA and put in 2k. Won 1k that I lost from aaple and put more money in. Eventually I heard about PLTR how a dude won here a shit ton of money. So my dumbass decides I'm jumping in without any research. I decided to take profits from YALA and went to put in 5k to PLTR. As soon as I know it, it kept rising and I keep putting more money in. Told my brother and he put money in and we're both now winning. Then citron did it's shit and my mom wanted in. So she bought the dip and then my sister wanted in and later my dad. I'll keep buying the dip and I'm not selling until it reaches 100.
Lol. I bought 1 dollars with rn, just for shits and gigs

Edit: worth
[deleted]
having Tesla and square stock makes you a HVM
Show women how volatile your portfolio is
My favorite FDS post was the one where they rip apart a meme of a guy playing a joke on his sister getting her a box for Xmas, “omg I would dump his LVM ass so fast” and “I bet he earns more than her too” like these cunts really just ripped apart an innocent joke between siblings and made it about their selfishness and how they would dump a guy for not buying them something expensive on Christmas lmaoo
Have you tried looking at the woman sub
RIP Louie Andersen
Go sacca dick
What the hell is this weekend thread? WSB will get banned if this isn't shut down. mods are sleeping on the jo
No but I have read dynamic hedging by the one and only options hero
Pleas fly again.
HVM to the moon 🚀🚀🚀
That happens to me every Friday 

The worst ones are the ones who stalk u after 


I so many times been scared one of these hoes will come to my job and make a scene.

it’s hard for them to be with a man who has his shit together and then ghost them 

Why ? Simple 


“ if she finds me worthy for her pussy many other woman will to”
This is all just Tesla fanboys trying to tell themselves Apple can’t disrupt Tesla
Most of us have college degrees, so the average pay seems more accurate.
I saw uncut gems and tenet recently. I don’t like a lot of movies but I thought these two were great
r/PeopleFuckingDying
[removed]
look good

big dick

tall

have money
buying GME and PLTR leaps seems to be the only way
I love the color choice man
This
So u buying calls or u 🌈🌈🌈🌈🐻🐻🐻🐻
I would buy this at IPO regardless of the price. It's SpaceX. It's internet for the entire planet. TAM of infinity therefore price of infinity
So many
[deleted]
[deleted]
I thought you were talking about people in general. Most people aren’t loaded
Drop him sis what an LVM!!!
This shits funny but at the same time we are blessing these heffers with publicity.
And clean dat ass.
Holy crap chill about this soy
3 times and you get the pattern day trader restriction.
If you ever want to go down a rabbit hole there’s r/WhereAreAllTheGoodMen.
That's what he said
[removed]
Yeah I was forced to read it once when I was kidnapped by a gang of "academics".  I had to cut off my dick and jump from a third floor window to escape.  1 star.
i literally couldn't get past the first comma
You mean wolf of wall street
read my mind. then i'll jerk off to some really degrading porn and yell at my wife just to go full circle here
Just u my guy rip
You didn’t read most of the stuff there lol, most of them are cunts
Thank you. Edited it for u/PlaneIntroduction8.
[deleted]
Watched Gemini man, decent. One Sick fight scene but that’s about it.
Are you sure about that? It's not all bad and she can't take your money when you leave.
U have a dry cock how fast can u make it cum and play with my balls 


HVM here
🤣🤣

The ending killed me
PLTR
Seems good to me!
I spend a lot of time doing my DD on the toilet. 

I just spend a lot of time on the toilet in general.
Average pay seems more accurate for me. I guess median if you are poor
Ur up 1000% , it is the way.
Dude is whisper yelling so his parents don't hear him
LONG $JELQ
No injuries reported “even” after 'series of eruptions' at Hamilton steel factor  —/ this is a sign .. Jan 15 calls
how do I go from lvm to hvm? make a lot of money on stonks?.?
This is why 

Men in the USA need to leave to travel to 

Colombia or tieland 

When u go there and realize you can fuck models for 200 usd 

You will be furious you ever paid for only fans or what made u wait that fucken long.
wait this is not copied from FDS? what the fuck dude, you are a fkg genius
You forgot your brothers name
[deleted]
Isn’t the median more telling?
LOL this calls for another beer
Lol this could have been my gf. Bitch wanted to break up cause I got depressed and lost my sex drive. Of course it had to be about her lol. Bet she doesnt want to break up when I ass blast her tomorrow. Lmfao.
How many people actually factor in parking fees when they get a job offer? It's like a trap.
U bet! At least 500 more
Imagine wanting a HVM when you're simply a  [series of holes](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=28gvMM8KXm4&ab_channel=chuckasutra).
I was just looking at this like 3 hours ago

I swear all of our brains think the same shit 🧠
[deleted]
Not enough Tickers tonight.  What's going to print Monday fellas?
Lmao true shit but hey might as well take the free gains when the paper hands panic
Lol that was the first thing i tried
It takes quite a few words to say the disabled and young adults don't get checks!
Yolo it on GME weekly's
After read the book, your father should give you Security Analysis
I forgot to take profits on my $35call expiring 12/31 :( how fuck am I with Theta?
BUY A FUCKTON OF SHARES
🤢
The virus doesnt care about which year it is, also in 1918 the pandemic was worse in 1919 then in the previous year.
Gonna be nice to see it MOON next week 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
You don't even need a dip to buy Apple lmao, this company is printing its own money
Go balls deep in calls bro

https://mobile.twitter.com/jeremyjudkins/status/1306794538913193984?lang=en
Bad sex is on you, just saying. Good you got new glasses. Enjoy the fuckboys!
Belle Daphine? Nah. Didn’t she say she’ll release a porno today or some shit
Average hourly pay is almost $30/hour = $62,400/year. People are loaded 

https://fred.stlouisfed.org/series/CES0500000003
You're obsessed with the parking fees and I kind of love it.  What if you live in a city.. ? You still have to pay for parking unless you want to move your car every other day.
Not fucking enough that’s how much

Go buy some

Fuck the 🌈🐻
Well said, LUV2FUKMARRIEDMILFs....
Fuck your bossF who the fuck makes you work on Christmas?

I understand Christmas Eve, whatever, but not on Christmas Day
Hey, girls.  I'm focused on the value of a male based on what he is able to provide for me. But I'm not focused on what I provide for him. 

The men I date right now are only focused on sex. Meanwhile, I'm getting nothing but money and material goods out of these relationships.

How can I find an HVM who is fit, rich, educated, and interesting? Will I find him while getting fatter and complaining about men with you hens?
No body is posting bad stuff there 

Telling someone that 

“ losing weight and take care of your body can benefit you in both dating and life “ 

Is not something bad 

It’s the truth 

If you cannot  get dates or cock on Grindr 

Try to take care of your body dude 

Lose some fucken weight and work on your hygiene and you will get more play 


Goes for both men and woman and lady bois
That'll print
Legends speak of someone mighty named like that
Islam is right about women
Idk bro seems like P/E is a great bargain for the EV sector
You’re thinking of selling calls . Max you can lose is your premium with puts
Yeah we are fucking visionaries what do u expect
Sounds to me like someone started packing on the pounds to a disgusting level
Did you watch belle
I'll cut her slack but I'll keep laughing.
Im in
This kid fucks
I wish the FDS roastbeef curtain cunts would return the favor and post in here, it would be a top 10 drunken weekend late night thread moment for me
I’m horny ama
Thinking about investing in Nikola, saw a cool YouTube video about the company and I really think EVs are the future. Why is the stock so low?
Started 3 months ago and turned 100 -> 1000, pulled out most of it and now for the last month really just stuck around the 150 area, definitely feeling the first ones free mentality
Watch The Pursuit of Happyness if you want to watch a story about a LVM transforming into a HVM
That’s why I fucked your bitch you fat motherfucker
I encountered one of these queens about 21 months ago.. she wanted to move in after 2-3 dates.  Talked about getting married, having children.  She was mid twenties and I made her a woman.. a few nasty phone calls after I ghosted her telling me what a horrible person I am.. etc etc.
Now you’re catching on

Yes because it means you’re diverse and worldly but no because one chick over there said investing was LVM activity
We need more exposure my friend.
Yup. Blew 20k on a poorly timed Tesla bet around battery day. I still get mad looking at that dip in my chart but its a good reminder
[deleted]
THIS MF WILL MOON $ 4000 PER SHARE
Work from home job, so I can live anywhere and not pay for parking
[deleted]
Well section 8 is better than section LUV
Events will play out over the next several weeks/months. Don’t try to time this. Buy shares or long dated calls.

Expect 4Q earnings announcement in January. Then the earnings report. Cohen may make another move at any time, but he waits weeks at a time. Then there is the annual shareholders meeting in June. Any of those events could trigger a squeeze.

BABA being investigated could cause Melvin Capital to start facing big losses or margin calls. Be flexible, but patient.
Low Volume Management, it’s a sub about freight logistics
When it hits 250 next month because EVs
Horoscopes are more accurate then TA  Get that shit outta here.
Yes 

it’s stupid tho

A lot of those woman are 4 mad they can’t get a man who is a 8 or 9

And they value there pussy to much due to simps on onlyfans.




It takes so much more for a man to want to marry you , not just looks your need to have some type of stability or accomplishment in life.


Or else u will marry somebody more poor then u and she will have the right to half your shit 

Cheat on u and have u paying her alimony  payment for then rest of your life 


Carful before you marry that can be a legal death sentence
Nope
What the fuck, bud
stimmy stimmy stimmy cant you see

donald trump gonna veto me
So did the old one
[deleted]
Or just delta hedge without touching shares...
Yeah it’s hard for folks to appreciate the difference between ~68M shares short at $5..., $10,... $20 we’re nearly ~$1.4B short. That goes up very quickly and can start to become very painful to players whose books aren’t funded by billions plural.
The Senate, controlled by the GOP, was not OK with that amount. 
The White House was not OK either. 

So, when the Democrats passed that bill in the House, they were at 1/3 of what was needed. 

It was never going to work. It was a cynical and idiotic move by Nancy Pelosi. They should’ve taken the offered deal: $1.8T offered by the GOP. She refused. It was all or nothing. Now, she can’t even get half of what was offered in a June.
“OMG , Sounds like my life, even the best man I had in bed was doing everything I always dreamt of, stop gradualy doing it after 3 years. I had broke up in august, after 5 years of relationship. He after admited he didn t wanted to have sex with me anymore the last few years! But for sure he was watching porn. Never again I will put myself in a exclusive relationship. Always end the same way, bad sex and breakup.”
Do you think I should sell or hold my Moderna positions? I got in at 160
I literally lost interest in this comment three times but still finished it and still have no idea what I just read...
🤣🤣🤣

Having 1.7MM retards consolidated to one sub is fucking hilarious 

Right when things start getting quiet one dumbass finds something like this dumb bitch thread and the whole sub explodes with retardation again 

I love it 🤣🤣
GOLD IN TO YOUR BUTTS

THAT WAS SUPPOSED TO SAY HOLD ON TO YOUR BUTTS, BUT IT'S WAY FUNNIER
If $GS hits $260 on Monday I’ll be a HVM
Lol no. It doesn’t matter put/call, if you’re buying them your losses are capped at what you spent - ie your options contracts you purchased becoming worthless.

Huge loss potential comes from “writing” options, or being on the short side of them. Selling a put actually does have a max loss. Your max loss is the premium paid plus strike price * 100 * number of contracts. This is what you’d have to pay if the stock went to zero. Writing calls has no cap because a stock can go up infinitely far. 

You can still cap losses for short side options with spreads, though.
what is this bearotica?
Louis Vuitton Merchandise
Yeah man Iowa lost me the last leg of my parlay and to chase my losses I went heavy on the over and the clips ml bro. I thought of this comment man thank you so much!!!
welcome to city life. the parking at my apartment is as much as rent in some bumfuck trailer park. prolly more.
I'm not throwing shade at you.  I'm just saying it is likely.  It depends on where you want to live really..
[deleted]
No he is. He posted here 1 month ago on Disney puts. Cripes
At the same time.. think about it guys. We have the ability to gamble thousands of dollars while these fat pigs at FDS are posting from their 2012 walmart phones about their jobless boyfriends and section 8 housing. Let's cut miss piggy some slack
Living in the past..
Yassss queeeeeen work it
I had no idea that’s what you were getting at. Communication: D-
What are good movies you watched recently?

I watched 2 old movies the last couple of days (Constantine and the black tower) and they both suck dick.
[removed]
Well if you haven’t bought $ROPE by the end of 2020, fuck it buy cocaine and hookers.
[removed]
literally every girl at r/FemaleDatingDtrategyy. Obvious cope
Even cheaper perhaps?
Haven't seen that many zeroes since I last looked at the members list for this sub. *Rimshot*
Ay B, any homeless cats in the chat?
Bingo
I'm here to pick up the slack. How's the cooking?
I don't think they do when you factor in taxes and paying for freakin parking lol
[deleted]
Bro you have to stop being poor it will catch up with you
As much as I love being retarded you should probably not use WSB for a high school economics class lmao
i don't think they switch presidents until january
I’m trying my hand with another ~5k if I blow this I’m swearing off options until I got enough dough to sell them to retards like myself
Fuck yeah bro what a good Christmas!
[deleted]
Think a good time for a Monday discount?
Remember. No brigading
Now don’t be like the other autistic people in this sub
We are in a bull market after all
Anyone watch “Corporate” on Comedy Central?

Show is fucking hilarious..

https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=0Tj387FpTIQ
LOL it's very skippable. My HBO crapped out 85% through And I didn't even realize I didn't see the ending.
They also make a lot more money than you.
Does having NIO calls make you HVM?
Is this lvm/hvm shit low value man/high value man?

Can’t find the official acronym on that shit sub but I’m usually pretty good with guessing acronyms.
Darude Sandstorm
Perfect time to get out of that little town.
The Speakers Pro are to be released a couple of years after the car
Has anyone ever read Technical Analysis of Financial Markets? ([https://www.amazon.com/Technical-Analysis-Financial-Markets-Comprehensive/dp/0735200661/ref=sr\_1\_2?crid=33WVH7O5X9HPT&dchild=1&keywords=technical+analysis&qid=1608968798&sprefix=technical+anly%2Caps%2C294&sr=8-2](https://www.amazon.com/Technical-Analysis-Financial-Markets-Comprehensive/dp/0735200661/ref=sr_1_2?crid=33WVH7O5X9HPT&dchild=1&keywords=technical+analysis&qid=1608968798&sprefix=technical+anly%2Caps%2C294&sr=8-2))?
Have you tried looking at really weird porn?
Good going tard. Did well this yr up 502%
Oops, cord broke. That'll be $5,000 and your first born.
They look like they sold cutco knifes at one point. Now, they run a “financial awareness” account on tiktok
He’s decent now imo. Still kinda a phagg tho
Desperate fucks.
This is crazy to me lol. Not only do they pay higher taxes but they also have to pay for parking
[removed]
Yes me to it reminds me how fast your can lose it all.

And how it happens a lot more then the winners
sorry but mans needs to wipe his ass lmao
Every one of us have the potential to become the coolest due on the planet... but we’ve just all ended up on WSB
My girl does
The end will be huge crash 2028
I saw a few of those posts. And all relationships were less than a year. Wtf
[deleted]
Yeeesss Queen
I'm just hoping for a discount.
Guys don’t worry we won’t get banned for taking over FDS. If they get mad all we have to do is donate our gains to their only fans, then we will all magically become HVM until their next financial problem comes along within hours that needs to be solved by men, because if women have to work or contribute equally...well that’s just a god damn patriarchy
Inverse wsb
Why do people think vale is a boomer stock? I mean o get it, it’s mining, but do you understand what Vale owns and how important it is to EVs?
She better be hot
If only Walmart was open at 3:45 anymore
Boy didn’t we just.
[deleted]
Flair checks out
Technically a lot of people if you work in a crowded city and don't want to rub yourself against nasty fucks on your way to and from.
auralnauts callback nice you get an award for that. :)
☝️
[deleted]
I'm so fucking bored. Everything is so fucking boring right now.
Nobody can post there bro we’re all blocked.
JPOW is a HVM
only the finest olive garden for my fiancee
Should have kept buying. Stonks still only go up.
Greed and Nancy Pelosi, that bitch. Stocks were supposed to be tanking and she said some shit about airline stimmy and we pumped and I held cuz I’m an emotional retard and thought literally the most important person in the world was gonna croak from corona.

I.e. spy 332p 10/5
This is the way.
We did it guys
[deleted]
JuSt iN cAsE y'AlL f0rG0t tHiS vIdEo ExiStS...

https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=rASpieLvH7c
I know you are but what am I
found the brownie hehe
Hey virgins, here's a tip don't go chasing women who are out of your league.  Right now I imagine most of you guys are early 20 average dudes.  Unfortunately for you early 20 females are prime real estate.  You are going to have to lower your sights.  (This all changes once you get to around 30 but that doesn't help you or your 4 inch permaboner right now)
Right now go after below average chicks, older chicks or mental chicks.
(Do NOT move in with one unless she earns $$$$$$ you have to time this market also)
[removed]
I don't, I only use other peoples money.
Las Vegas Moms
I just use my right hand
It was 30 cents last week, you could just as easily lose so much more. Strong ass conviction, hope it works out. I’ll buy 100 shares in case.
You say you don’t touch yourself?

BAN THIS LIAR
Well, I think the market will react negatively if Dem has the full control of the government.
Whatever Cathie Wood tells me to do
https://www.reddit.com/r/FemaleDatingStrategy/comments/kk5to9/maybe_hes_just_too_depressed_to_wipe/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share

This is the most audacious one
🚨DONT BRIGADE🚨
Bigly fuck if true
Dude, us retards would like a word yo.
Na that works against u now.

Due to social media race politics
[deleted]
This is awesome, don’t get roped in to losing everything, stay disciplined!
Hella animal abuse, bruh
7 months? hope he gets everything in the divorce
A thread
I'm fat, and disgusting myself. But I can't stand how my boyfriend spends our foodstamps and cash assistance. I had to dump his ass ladies! Looking for a HVM
PLTR go zoom zoom or make boom boom on Monday?
Fuck.  Well real talk if you can move then move.  There are good paying jobs in other places.. you just have to look.
😹
WTF, some people actually have to pay for parking at their work?
You gotta go 1p 0DTE. They’re going to drop through the fucking floor
Why is there a squid ghost coming out of the cookies ass?

Also, you had green icing but chose yellow for the line? Wtf
100% DICK POINTED TO THE SKY, NO LIMIT DIP BUY HVM
[deleted]
They all are fat low self esteem woman there 


I’m scared if I go there they will fall in love with my alpha ness high value male and stalk me
r/femaledatingstrategies
Don’t take it personally bro
Sorry to hear that man

Why didn’t you set aside 30k and just play with the 7k?
Guh
[deleted]
Yeah... We're all real fucking cool...
Also be a white man
He’s just wiping his face with Tesla Tendies
I got me dat 💍 ladies.. it took him long enough!  
We've been seeing each other for 7 months already.. sheesh..   

I just hope he knows he needs to take me to nicer restaurants now.. I mean we're engaged.
Someone link a brotha to a good thread being taken over at that feminazi subreddit
Turns out I didn't realize there was a new movie called Wonder Woman 1984 and just assumed that was the date of the original movie. Lmfao I really am retarded.
lol what the actual fuck haha
With cheeks spread open
Please. Don’t do this to me
the funny part is that i’m in a town of around 35,000 people. most work at factories.
[deleted]
Which other sub reddits are super active like this at night? Feel like we’re the coolest ones 😎
Got it. Thanks HVM💁‍♀️
Guys never ask woman what it takes to date them or fuck em

That’s like 

“ Asking a fish how to catch herself “ 

You go to a fishermen if you wanna catch fish hehehhe 


Here is the secret.  


1. Have money 

Or 

2. Be fit and look like u diet and go to the gym 





That’s it men it’s simple
Whoa. I know kung fu.
Daddy come home to us
Ever watched the office bro?
🙋‍♂️
🐸🚀
Time to learn Portuguese and take my LVM ass to Brazil
MGNI & PLTR
Don't worry fam.  You'll find a new job as long as you're in a town with more than 100,000 people.  GL. prayers, no bullshit
LVM 25p 12/31 free money
[deleted]
I mma link marine.
[removed]
Dang Man U win!!
stimmy stimmy stimmy cant you see

sometimes your words just hypnotize me
[removed]
You got fired for checking your portfolio on a day the market is closed. You belong here.
Its always the dip
“I just saw a tiktok where this guy recounted a “funny” story where after he hooked up with a girl he left a big brown streak so he had to grab the stained sheet and hop out her window. Like how tf do you know you’re going to have sex with someone and not shower or wash your privates first? 🤮”

Alright, which one of you was this?!
Balls deep into this. Let’s fucking catch TTD.
no, sad, soon
The Souljabot console
The gov't shutdowns typically don't affect expenditures for national security. PLTR falles squarely into that catergory. Plus, if the agency's that use PLTR lost funding, they have backup plans to self-fund, like selling cocaine....
TSLA
level 100 HVM here 😏.
What do you want some TA? It’s the weekend bro loosen up.
Lmnd party?
I sold V card on black market :(
Bro, there are like 10 DD’s per day on this sub. Go up too and type in GME, there goes your DD. You must be new here
It would be a nothing story IF they weren't under a microscope
If you don't understand call options, then buy shares.

If you don't believe you can time a possible short squeeze, then buy shares.

If you want to help trigger a short squeeze, then buy shares.

This sub gets off on OTM call options, but for this play, buy shares.
ITM options have high premiums, ten bagger OTM calls or bust
May not be too late but definitely too risky. IV is through the roof. Helllllll no. Shares yes. Calls no.
His loss comes with free $ROPE
[removed]
No one:

no one at all:

Weebs: OMG ANIME IS DYING BECAUSE THEY CENSOR TITS AND ASS FOR AMERICA! SJWS! SJWS!

Bruh go on fucking porn hub. Your ancestors found ways to whack off with no prob, why can't you?
🥵🥵🥵
Lose money or ban
Justin Bieber really had potential to be the coolest dude on the planet but he really turned out to be a retard smh
You deserve that 💍.. 2 years is too long!  
  - break-
**we got married and 2 months later he turned into Dr. Jekyll..he wouldn't take more than 2 showers a week, he never licked me anymore and.. and.. I just can't! 😂😂😭😭😭😭**
[deleted]
[deleted]
QQQJ Jan15 33C ez money at $25 each. 100 deep
Not going to lie, the first pic looks like someone squished a flat ass together to make it more plowable
Gains so rad they're red!
For example, MacKenzie bezos 7th richest woman in the US.. source of income : divorce
In-between
lets be real if you're here on a saturday night you a LVM
Sexy
I've been around for months but I took a 2-week break, now I'm fucking back baby. Let's blow up this account!
What are some good quantum computing tickers
#SUCKHVMUP
[deleted]
Well boys. today was the day. I actually got fired from my job for checking my stocks too often. I was working at a shitty chinese restaurant and my boss walked in the front with me low key peeking at my ‘folio and told me to go home. With my last remaining paycheck i yolod it into MT calls and I have one more check on the way here in about a week that i’ll need to live off of until i find a new place to work. any ideas on a good YOLO?
Will you shut up man
Buy. The. Dips. 🚀
Bro I saw your comment yesterday did you fuck her or not
have to play to win, rules of life
Lmfaooooo
GME calls or PLTR calls whichever is going to print more 

Unless it's NIO calls then its NIO calls
Level 99 HVM here, AMA
Can't believe those goddamn dems stole the election from him. #FourMoreYears

^/s ^just ^in ^case
Guht old days.
Low viscosity market
Stupid 🌈🐻s don’t know that Apple will always outperform because it’s Apple✨
Buy puts, vote Democrat(In GA).
u/SaveVideo
Yeah a calculator lol
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [Cardi B - WAP feat. Megan Th](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hsm4poTWjMs) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hsm4poTWjMs)⠀►►⠀ 2:48 / 4:13 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
[deleted]
[removed]
I have no problem with anyone getting revenge on McConnell.

I don't need a stimmy check and honestly, I couldn't give half a shit about people who do, because they voted for all these scumbags. Lie in the bed you made.
Those sweet, sweet internet points
Every time I see this ticker I say mangina in my head. I’m in.
I make sure to look at loss porn a couple times a week for that reason alone
[removed]
Alexa play WAP
We are all TSLA simp anyway.
FUCK 😫
Talked to my grandad about stocks while i was in town for Christmas and this man really told me he doesn’t buy on down days. Like wtf is wrong w you? And he doesn’t average down, shits dumb
u/SaveVideo
Welcome to the dark side brother I knew you’d come around
You gotta be a pretty shit person to pick on a kid for believing in Santa lmao
God dammit.
Only HVM's know. You must be one
[deleted]
Ticker to buy shorts on
They change when they feel like it😁
Started out with 5k in feb. just before covid hit. Ran it up to 10 during feb but lost it all in March. Deposited another 5 and ran it up to 25 by August. Took out my original 10 and started gambling with the 15. Lost it down to 5 and am now hovering between 5-7 lost few weeks.

My biggest wins have been apple, ups, pton, sq, and qqq. Biggest losses have been apple, disney, and spy fds
Is there any website where I can calculate my xrp where I can put a fake price to sell at and how much I would make?
Classic LVM here
Look in the mirror, report back.
Being retarded and his momma having one too many wine coolers during pregnancy
Got 1K on Christmas money. What’s the market open YOLO?
It's because the new one sucks
Guh
The bill should be a paragraph long.

Every adult in the USA gets a $2000 check.

OK, not even a paragraph.
All in on calls. +20% monday would be the perfect Christmas miracle I need
You 🤡🤡🤡
BANNNNN
Politicians shouldn't be paid if there's a government shutdown.
“7th not funny joke about stock market not being open tomorrow”
I understand the "concept" of options trading. I understand the power of leverage by purchasing contracts on a stonk you may be bullish on, what I don't understand is why doesn't everyone just buy an ITM Call option and sell early prior to expiration?
Well there you go.
[removed]
Fuck is LVM?
I have friends working on COVID vaccines and they didn't invest since March. Was there a retard rotation into biological sciences out of options?
I don’t. Is it cause it’s being approved ?
Dude, it is 2:30am on a long weekend. How many times do I have to say this? What do you expect, an in-depth analysis of the last AAPL earnings call?
sigh
Choo choo!!! 🚂
Oh my gawdd go off queen 👸
Lol this was his second go at margin
Nice ate a lot of honey ham and egg nog
Can someone please explain to me why I see ads for the original Wonder Woman movie everywhere now? I've seen it mentioned like ten times in the last couple days including on a list called "Best movies to watch on Christmas day" lol. What the fuck?
SPY let me down. I didn't have to
Seems like a nothing story but they are under a microscope.
[removed]
HOLYFUCK I FKG LOVE WSB, I'M ALREADY LAUGHING MY ASS OFF READING THIS LVM HVM SHIT OVER AT THIS UGLY WOMEN SUB THAT DO FD'S. how the fuck did I survive without wsb is beyond me. I love you all motherfuckers, if only you wouldn't bankrupt me, I'd stay for fucking life man
lmfao
Take my fucking upvote, you slimy genius.
📝📝📝
Wouldn't be the first time.
Heavy breathing
Probably less dishonest and more stupid as hell.
Pretty good. Ate quite a bit, drunk quite a bit, spent time with family and watched all the movies that came out
##SMELLS LIKE LVM IN HERE
[removed]
Why 


I got the souljsboy console
There isn’t going to be a shut down lol stimulus and government spending are 2 separate bills and politicians aren’t gonna let their pay checks not be written
This
Gimme stimmy
This sub gets salty when the market gets closed for too long. It's great.
https://ibb.co/KDgN2rP
It’s statistically proven women with an onlyfans, a  husband and a boyfriend are superior traders.
Fuck those ugly broads
Because you’re a LVM
Jokes on him, I actually don’t know how to sell, the stonks never go up. These aren’t diamond hands, they are buried hands.
seeing all this low-quality femaledating bullshit makes me miss u/zjz already
Are you single and virgin?
Are we being reverse raided? Lmfao. Either that or lurker neckbeard gang is out to protect m’lady
Quoted puts in February knowing repo crisis in September + COVID was a really bad look for markets, euphoria at the time and initial market rejection of COVID scared me off, didn't buy.

Quoted calls in March near the bottom. Figured IV crush would ruin whatever calls I bought. Didn't buy. Even quoted a TSLA call for months out.

Would be sideways if not for egregious commissions cause Canada. Too much of a negative nancy to have success this year, otherwise I'd probably have a truckload of money.

In the process, I've learned far more about trading and the market from the things the quants are into to the things the macro people are into and I think I'm way better off in the long run... at least that's what I tell myself. I've also built up my social networks quite a bit with traders/quants so I'm more in tune with what's going on. Big mistake not doing this earlier.

I'm negative because frankly I've seen this before with the pot bubble crash. That kind of emotional damage is hard to shake.

Main conclusion is I wasn't putting enough effort in and was generally being lazy about things I knew not to be lazy about. I should have been watching repo markets in Feb/March and paying way more attention to fed news and it would have been really obvious what was happening.

Edit: another thing is that my biggest losers were when I went full tilt bullish and loaded up with calls. I haven't really lost buying puts this year as I would buy them when VIX would get crushed. That's not what you would think based on how ridiculous the overnight moves are (bears r fuk), and I'm surprised, but that's what my data shows.
look in this scenario i'm a HVM and i can do better
[deleted]
[deleted]
🥳🥳😈😏🚀
[deleted]
Get a load of this LVM
Calls on AAPL
shit i do both.
Shit
There will be no consequences, because nothing he does over the next 3 weeks matters, unless he starts a war.
Oh good it’s only 1:33a for me.
Good dude how was your’s?
Found the simp
Is it too late?
How come I can’t post on female dating shit
I mean. it depends..
Guh. Not a big deal at all and the important decision makers won't care. But that name can't take any more bad press.
https://www.reddit.com/r/FemaleDatingStrategy/comments/kk5to9/maybe_hes_just_too_depressed_to_wipe/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf

They got a whole ass thread about guys sleeping with them without washing their asses. What the actual fuck. Lmao
Ahahahah this is so real
Yeah but I forgot about it until like 2 weeks ago so I don’t give a fuck. Left about a grand in there.
[deleted]
high/low value male
Tru
Man, I've seen videos of that stuff happening. It's goddamned terrifying. Especially if the water manages to get under the surface before it flash boils.
well shit fellas. i feel like i missed out a lot in the market these past few weeks. started with around 1k, fucked myself down 200$ with a YOLO PLTR weekly, made a little less than half of it back with GME and toilet paper handed it and sold early. Invested back into THC🐝 and pulled out of that early too for next to nothing in profit. If i just had enough patience i could actually be seeing some good money. Oh well, my last YOLO with me remaining $750 went into MT June $30 calls and those are down -%25 already a week later. Pray for me brothers. Pray for me.
Fuckin A man
Very likely there will be a powerful short squeeze. I will not sell any covered Calls, no matter how attempting it is.
Is it bad I've considered this too?
Bullish imo
It's not too bad considering the hype train only really got rolling like 2 months ago. Was pretty much a laughing stock before that
I kind of skimmed it too, are they really suggesting you shouldn't move in with your partner unless you're married? Is Ben Shapiro's sister writing this?
Wendy’s cashier CEO
Dip is when stonk going less uppy
Market Makers wud like 2 do biz w you
Too late for the orangutan to do anything. He's the lamest duck in history.
Has 0 posts and comments daily, lmao. Okay bro
2:30am on a long weekend. I don’t see you posting about weekend dow mr Buffett
Yeah but look at TSLA valuation relative to established auto makers, the argument would be the same “they’re more than a car company”
Believe it bitch.
Dude just put all your money into ARKG or ARKF its safe and steady growth dont be a pussy just get your money on the market stonks only go up if you believe in them
Only if you have cash management. If you have a RH debit card, you simply use the card to venmo the money out to a trusted friend. Have them venmo it back. Instant transfer to the RH debit card.
What the fuck is a HVM AND LVM
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SQoA_wjmE9w
You think it’ll reach 270 by mid Jan? That would be great
It’s because you touch yourself
🚀...🚀🚀🚀🚀
Bro he’s retarded don’t over think it, lord knows he’d have a seizure if he tried
Your mom still fucks me regardless.
It's weird that Trump was smart enough to get elected once but too dumb to realize it doesn't matter what he wants to challenge anymore.
Yeah but WHY was it doomed to not pass
So how was everyone’s Christmas
Laughs in bearish divergence
bought thursday, see how it goes
[removed]
his chart gives me so much anxiety.. lol
Bro we found female wsb
Why isn’t my post posting. There’s a grey orange arrow
Someone said “oh I do hair” is the female equivalent of a soundcloud rapper. Yooo lmao
High. Bored. Not LVM. Doe
Yeah being that far down is a fucking disgrace to GME.

.... GME GME GME GME GME GME GME GME
[deleted]
>My brother does the same thing. He won’t even give me a bit of money for a brother/sister ritual we have in august. I tie a bracelet around him and give him protection. in return, he’s supposed to give me some cash - he won’t even give me $5... my neighbor gives me $20 when I do it...
Calls on whoever tf makes toilet paper
Not fake, pre split
Don’t ruin Christmas! Let me dream he would have gone to gains heaven
Sunrun gang
Wsb is parabolic and quality is down the drain. Puts on WSB
I don’t talk about it
You need flair to post. None of this shit getting through.
[deleted]
All in LVM
Obviously Palantir
[removed]
Go drink your piss
Guys I just found out I’m a low value male if I don’t have 9 digits in my bank account, now blonde 18 year old high school drop outs on tinder looking for a sugar daddy won’t use me for my money then complain about how our relationship wasn’t organic. Guess I’ll have to pick up another job and start hanging outside the women’s prison more often. Big LOL
I have $ARKK 200c 1/20/23 

Should  I cash it out for ITM 

$ARKG  105c 12/17/21

👀
WSB holds 10% of outstanding shares in the best case scenario. That's chunky, but we're disorganized and paperhandsy, so it doesn't mean much really.
ok i have no clue what's going on with this female dating strategy sub bullshit/drama but after going there for 2 mins it makes me feel a lot better about myself regarding leading this au pair chick on.

i'm definitely not going to marry you for citizenship, back to El Salvador you go
Seriously watch WSB get banned over the holiday for this dumb shit
Let's ask the magical conch if I advertised anything. 

Magical conch, did I advertise anything? 

🐚 - "no, pcg call guy? More like pcg call GAY"
I don’t think he was that surprised. He was just not sure how fucked his puts went.
Two things can be true
Thanks mate, will keep a lookout.
Sell at 120 get a bigger home
Nah I’m just an insomniac. No one else up at these hours.
We'll be throwing around our newfound acronyms next week and everyone that wasn't here for this will be like wtf?!
------
Everyone googling LVM HVM -  
  
**why you all obsessed with a luxury company all of a sudden**?
Did he croak? 🐸😂
Ja, dies retardenke
Far too late for that my man
Air Canada Boeing 737 Max 8 forced to land after takeoff due to engine issue warning
r/mauerstrassenwetten ist Gold. Direkt Anrufe kaufen!
Just had sex and am drinking Dalmore King Alexander iii right now. How LV am I?
MGNI calls!
DR PP HAS SPOKEN
Good luck they banned me immediately. I’m over it now gonna crank my hog and pass out haha
you wanna talk about fibonacci at 2am after day drinking? or you just gonna whine about the subreddit going to shit without contributing whatsoever with this pussy comment
Wow, you must be such an OG and way too cool for this place. I guess wsb usually pops off Christmas night, huh?
[deleted]
You need a flair to comment. I didn’t see your comment in the post
dude looks like he has a $5k RH portfolio
AY
Yeah it’s just all the 20 year olds here, ignore em

I wish there was a way to ban zoomers
Anyone in XRP? I think I need a intervention
Well there’s no such thing as a 200,000percent-aire
I personally have no respect for any other male in my vicinity at all times.
What’s the subreddit ? I need to see and translate
[removed]
Mary Magdalene was a whore
Dude I went balls deep in arkf and there top holding sq$ last week
Read up son

GameStop pivot and rebrand ahead
No way 

I gotta get into the real sub, Zimbabwe
that’s the spirit
my wife is bagholding a penny stock
Soy makes you grow tits, therefore it's going tits up
4x the average,  king
Sir this is the brothel
Ha! As a europoor HVM I can post here right now without feeling like a loser. Europoorness coming in clutch
Better than an NVM
You just DD incoming waves and only go in on the ones that are gonna go up, EZ PZ
Did you guys know that there were wsb subs for different languages and countries? Wtf? Are they more or less retarded than us? Are there any of you fucking imposters here now? Show yourselves you fucks
Need positions. Have you not seen positions or ban on every thread 🙄
blah blah blah blah blah

It's still fucking Gamestop. It was Gamestop three years ago, it's Gamestop now, it's a *piece of shit business model.*

You guys are going to end up owing the IRS for a bunch of gains this year with money you won't have anymore in April.

I'm not short, shorting anything these days is stupid. But I sure am not handing my money over to this shitshow.
suck my dick
I dont get the belle delphine thing. she looks 14 and the dude looked like your average r/politics user. or is that the appeal?
Hey check this guy out

He’s a gme short
imagine imagining someone reading an ugly girl feminazi subreddit
Nah im just blazed
[deleted]
My boat. He’s the bartender. I’ll speak to him.
[deleted]
Holup tho how many hours /wk were you driving for Uber?
Isn’t this what we all do?
No brigading
Posted “Remember never underestimate what weight loss and taken care of your body can do “

Ok female dating stargety and expecting the massive back lash ahahahah
All the retards yelling “MT is going to blow up” at least got to be right regardless lmao
Lost it at the the fucking helicopter hair
How often will the high voltage charging cable fray near the proprietary connection, requiring a authorized service engineer come on site to unplug the bad connector and plug in the new cable with its specially proprietary RFID chip the prevents your car from being bricked by an unauthorized 3rd party replacement?

Do we have to get AppleCare and car insurance or will AppleCare offer comprehensive and liability coverage?
Absolute fucking boss

And happy for you man, truly
🙋🏻‍♂️
More liquidity now, calls are fine. 20c 2+ weeks out should be good
Bold to assume I have any V at all.
Spoiler alert: I need a video of Dee Reynolds photoshopped into Wonder Woman’s bird suit.
We must be crowned with flairs in order to lead the charge against the heathens of 
r/femaledatingstrategy
[removed]
I'm vehemently opposed to gay coupes and prefer gay sedans.
What if I'm just lurking?
give me a new year's ten bagger. 2021 better turn my account green again
Stop being a boomer. Student loans are not an asset why would you put money in them? Pay the minimum and buy assets with your cash. Thank me later. 20k is about enough for a house hack and live for free. Then you can yolo your entire measly paycheck every month.
guarantee that sub is all dudes
Ease her into it over the long period of 3.5 minutes
A lot of something burned up to make that cloud
I feel triggered by this comment
The mod bots are deactivated buddy. You missed that drama a couple days ago. 

It’s 2:30 and a long weekend bro. The sub is decaying but this is normal wsb activity for the circumstances. Relax.
Right at the bottom of the screenshot you posted it says Feye pt was cut lol
Sir this is Wallstreetbets
Holy fuck you're right
OTM calls are good too. 20c any date 2+ weeks out
It’s Christmas night on a 3 day weekend you chode
you’ve invested in stocks and real estate but can’t understand options...? you’re in the right place.
Wisdom.
9 digits or you’re a incel
can confirm
Some people go to the same place everyday, and get told what to do and get paid for it. Its boring af
What is a 🌈🐻?
[deleted]
Lit
Guh
OTM calls can potentially cause gamma spike to increase stock more, in addition to momentum. Institutional investors are getting in on this too.
lmao fannie mae is something bill ackman talked about on that interview... Breadfruit I applaud you for being BDB's side chick
[deleted]
He sweats wiping sweat off his forehead
I read the report by Harvard. It is literally on average 1 year. 1 fucking year longer!?!?!
I couldnt get past the title screen cuh
I like how they all come together to hate men but in real life they all hate each other
Haven’t seen them in awhile anyways. Maybe I’m blocked. Lol.
Calls on tp
For sure. Something is going on. This is not the typical random bombing. So odd how they made sure no one got killed. And that warning sounding like something out of the Purge. Who knows
[deleted]
fellas if you post here at 2 am on christmas you're LVM you just gotta accept it
Your uncle in your butthole
I had an injury and gained a lot of weight for a little while until I healed and man the difference in the way I was treated was eye opening. Men suddenly were way less helpful and kind with the exception of a few usually older married men who still were kind but otherwise you would think I was a terrorist and women suddenly were so much nicer to me. It is really interesting how much difference there is in how women treat you as well. Really sad that being attractive will often result in other women being less helpful and often hostile but getting fat suddenly those same women become sweet as pie. The only women that seemed not to change were interestingly 30 something very attractive women who typical were pretty neutral, not too nice not too mean. Now that I am not overweight anymore I try to remember that in dealing with other women and treat all women the same.      
- line cut -
  
  
I've noticed this, too! I was always heavier and acne prone growing up but once I lost weight and my skin cleared up, women started treating me terribly and men would treat me much better.

It's like some women only treat you well if they don't feel like you're a threat to them and some men only treat you well if they want to fuck you.    
**you are correct**
I thought the shield meant that. Whatever continue to decay this sub


FYI THE BOTS DONT WORK
u/zjz has forsaken us
as much as i want to buy MT calls, feels like massive fuckin commodity bait to me.
[deleted]
leverage is how jack sparrow broke out of prison twice
He’s taking the math gases and blessing himself.
How do you find specific stocks in an industry you think will moon, like face masks? Just googling like “face mask company”?
lol
bs any semi-attractive girl gets worshipped by betas all day. you need to be a chad to get female attention. an average guy will get less attention than an average girl.
TAE (IPO soon), Commonwealth (IPO 12-18mo out), LHM (this is the only one public, not as good a chance on Fusion sector as the other two)
I ate too much Indian food again
The number of unshaven armpits is too damn high
[deleted]
**We're fucking retarded**.
Pro tier shitpost but if not...dude it’s 2am Christmas night.
First I just want say I have a huge respect for you for making living trading and not like those failed losers on YouTube who sell 400$ courses, real traders are not on YouTube, real traders are not on Instagram showing off with their tiny cock energy
This is funny af 🤣🤣
You either make money or you lose it, who wouldn’t wanna play with 50 50 odds
That was a wild trip. The whole sub gives off feminist-nazi vibes.
Its the weekend bro. Lighten the fuck up
[removed]
for real imagine spending saturday night reading r/femaledatingstrategy lmfao
[deleted]
u/savevideo
Ban
HVM
Where the hell else is it?
markets closed bra.
Big facts let’s get this bag
Give us a break, we're autistic
Maybe they will shoutout WSB for managing to be LVM even with our money from stonks
You mean you’re running your own hedge fund?
Ok. It’s not “only” the $600. 

In addition to the relief checks, the COVID bill that passed would establish a temporary $300 per week supplemental jobless benefit, provide a new round of subsidies for hard-hit businesses, restaurants and theaters and money for schools, and provide money for health care providers and to help with COVID vaccine distribution.
[deleted]
this sub always gets incelly on the weekends
Nice tits on OP
So I take a break of WSB after being fkg retarded, I come back now 

People are talking about taking over an ugly chicks' sub? 

The fuck broskis, at least raid a sub with actual hotties the fuck is wrong with you retards
$HVM 69 IPO.
CIA wyd
[deleted]
For the record a 5% increase in revenue would be over 10 billion dollars.
calls on $HVM 🚀🚀🚀
Tbh i think it's mostly genetic. I don't smoke that much either. 3 a day on average.. 1 after every meal basically.
It’s 2am after Christmas....can you tone down the incel toxic shit? 

Not even trying to virtue signal it’s just not a good look
I love to fuck married woman
Boyfriends and marriage? (Not exactly in that order)
Yeah but he loans me money for pltr shares so its fine
 Bruh what? I ain’t a mod. Lmfao. And this is my 4th burner account. Do you think everyone with flair is a mod? You’re in for a trip then.
$HVM MOONING
this subreddit had gone to shit
Who needs amateur vids on pornhub when you have r/femaledatingstrategies this shit is way better. If you ever have a red day and want to feel good about yourself this shit is a better ego boost than walking around Walmart lmfaooooo
Not until the 500’s did they start keeping track of the year. Seems like it should have been done a lot sooner.
This is the weekend discussion thread where we keep shit posting to the maximum and track the weekend Dow
What the fuck happened to that subreddit
It’s also a stock that’s about to IPO, that’s why I’ve been trying it out.

Check out T D A C
Posting loss porn is very important on wsb 

Makes u understand how dark this shit can get.


All that gain porn ain’t healthy man 

Makes u do some stupid shit , just to get haunted by the regret later.
chase a check never chase no bitch 

YAAAAAA
This guy is definitely not one of us.
HVM gang, get in losers we’re going to the moon
This generation is so soft.
[deleted]
Fuckin a.
if ARKF blows up next week i'm buying myself a chastity belt 🔒🍆🔒
I’ll check it out, thx
God damn we this bored now? Lol look at what a long weekend results in I love it
Does my $4k RH portfolio make me HVM?
If they catch us, they will rape us. Go for the cliff. Now 3-2-1, jump! No! You're dead, you're dead, you're dead. Good jump! You're barely alive. OK, now, nice cool down, check your pulse rate.
God damn these are some sad chicks. I feel bad for them.
[removed]
Statistically that might be true, but the longest-lived man in my family never married, the dude is pushing 100 and is still wheeling. He never breaks up, just outlives his girlfriends.
[deleted]
Lmao literal common video game bug, you made the integer count back too low and it rolled back to the highest number possible. It really is just a bad fucking game
What portfolio size is considered HVM?
Just as lame as the guy who posted $350 to $700 a couple hours ago.
We should spell his name with a capital. Fun Yuns.
Can’t avoid it, I just don’t get it. Yeah some have made a killing off GME in the last two weeks, but there are wayy better investment opps out there, and this one gets too much airtime on this sub
Bruh, I didn't come here to read femaledatingstrategy garbage. Leave that shit to that sub and stop getting all triggered by it. Why would you allow the complaints of loser-women occupy space and time in that GENIUS head of yours?

Let's stick to **STACKING PAPER.**
I’m fucked 35c 1/15
When did we start allowing little kids on this sub. Who tf even says rents?
My irl karma is probably taking a yuuuuuge hit from this FDS shit but idc it’s funny as fuck
Found WSB from some funny youtube videos explaining it's origins probably about 3 months ago. Been growth investing in tech stocks for about 1.5 years though. Just come here for the giggles and to see big gains and losses tbh. I don't use margin just normal buy and hold. Up about 120% YTD, went from $5,000 --> $22,000 but added about $6,000 over the course of the year since I got my first job 2 months ago. Pretty entertaining stuff on this subreddit. Sometimes there are some golden nuggets of info too.
Guh
[deleted]
I fell of my chair LMAO
All genders are equal, but some genders are more equal than others [in trading]
LVM = r/investing
Too many hypotheticals on the basis of it all right off the bat for me. But I do think fusion is the right way to go
Not on this sub
Yeah, just looked them up. Seems like a potentially better contract.
Let's get dangerous
Get ready to be banned for a week by Reddit admins
GUH
Yeah I’m a social media influencer thank you 💅
BAN this retard
Lizzo posted that
Ticker?
[This was at Dreamstate 2019](https://youtu.be/JXY767LWQkw?t=2228)
[removed]
HVM uncle? Hmmmm I’ve seen that porno before
Ban
well done and good for you to share and no bullish.
Shares? This is WSB. I have calls
hashdabs either can’t or won’t answer you
The 30% increase is entirely from people making that mistake. Probably.
And now look at us
DD only means double digits to the moon
We got this don’t worry
"I work in a popular arcade and the dads and boyfriends are significantly nicer to me on the days i do my hair and wear makeup. I literally have to make myself more attractive to avoid dealing with shitty customers, it’s honestly ridiculous that my male colleagues are respected no matter how groomed or grubby they look that day yet the only way for me to gain decent treatment from male customers is to be hot."

Idk, she may be onto something....
Only the rich can insider trade
[deleted]
No advertising
Lmfao wonder if she’s ever tried dating a Wendy’s cashier 😎
Is there another Gruber brother? Somebody call Bruce
Watch the kurzgezat video on it, so cool
In shambles
Lol I forgot about this video
You don’t go to the gym then
https://www.kiwicigs.com/davidoff/
JD.com, TAN, PBW, ICLN, BUG, BABA( bought Leaps at bottom on Thursday). QBTC

What’s everyone’s target for ICLN ?
True true sorry queens 😂
It goes double-plus un-up which really is just another form of up as long as you trust pappa Powell.
My dad got me a “trading options for dummy’s” book. I gave him the lil mama crying face look.
The Epiphany Phase... Google it.
Well that does it.. the two female members of our sub have vacated..
OP
FUBO gang how we doin lmao
I’m fucking dying this post was amazinggggg
And then lose it all the next day right
Just when I thought we were the most retarded on reddit.

"Married men live longer and have better health outcomes than non-married men. Married women are the opposite, having worse health and dying sooner than single woman. They need us so much more than we need them."
Holy fuck retarded isn’t even the word
Man these urban women are really the worst breed
What do you need a license? Get the fuck in there nerd just read lol
imagine being a LVM
ive only fucked one bitch before with mud butt. i took a nap in my car after work before going over. i was sweating in 80 degree heat. when i went over i thought "holy shit she smells like fish/shit" but i realized the shit part was me. And maybe the fish part was her. It was a fusion of very bad smells. it was lowkey the only time a girl refused to suck my cock bra... now i know why. i wiped my ass but i guess it seeped out in the sweaty sun and i didnt wipe before going over. fahhhh...
Calls on GOOS?
It’s still 2020
That shit in Nashville today was weird as fuck
Congrats on the transition
It sounds so cute but it’s gonna be so brutal
I heard they taste like shit. Thanks for taking one of them squawky fucks down though, let it be a message to the rest of them.
Wonder if she tried simply not being ugly
Where’s the love for arkk
Oops I failed
Yes
[deleted]
Yep. But I would call it accessing creativity in a productive way.
I just discovered r/femaledatingstrategy and damn these are some miserable hags partaking in the largest I hate men circle jerk I’ve ever seen. I hope y’all enjoy living with cats for the rest of your life.
We can’t take over til we get a flair. We need to flair the fuck up
He supposedly lives in a mansion on the road to smith and morehouse reservoir. Meaning I’ve driven past it many times.
Damn bro I’m jelly them shits warm bigly
ban
Isn’t it funny how a few thousand years ago they didn’t even think to keep track of time
Not all the low value women on a sub talking about LVM vs HVM, calling each other queens for posting more feminist shit than the last
Shares in GME. Read the DDs
Lmfaoooo
He shit in her toilet and didn’t flush
I know it’s hard for retards to wrap their heads around, but all of them combined are going to be used, not just one. Do you think the output of the Hoover dam is a joke lmao, sit down kid
To knock out alarm on holiday weekend so bank vault could be broken into, imo.
lmfao dude boned her with swamp ass
Ahem, Mary Kay is a career.
[deleted]
Looks like a Lemon Party
That seems super early doesn't it?
keep going plz
Deep dicking
do you know what they recommend just a few weeks ago?  


 a bar code company.
To knock out alarm on holiday weekend so bank vault could be broken into
Since people are asking, here's what I'm hypothesizing.

It's wise to be careful, but I think we've definitely crossed into the price territory where the easy fish to be eaten are the shorts not the wsb longs. might be some easy money for the big guys to sell short term calls and try to short the stock to below the relevant strike price, but it's all risky given the larger trend of 68MM shares being shorted, where most of them are likely unprofitable and in danger of becoming very unprofitable very quickly. 

Maybe SEC threshold list means shit, and maybe there is no end-of-year position closing for tax loss harvesting from shorts, but i feel like there's a greater than 50% chance of fireworks this week given the combination of those two things and the momentum since earnings, basically since we bottomed at \~12.2. 

I'm holding some cash in my port to add more to GME (shares and Apr/July calls) when I see some dips. There may not be any sizable ones in the next week though. 

If I don't see dips, I'll likely short Jan 15 30c (secured by my current shares) & go long Apr 25c.
Cum on a turd
You’re a mod and now I know why shit is hitting the fan. 1post? What a joke
Sort by hot and read the Rant one
#FORMER UGLY DUCKLING 

then if you look at her history it’s all plastic surgery L O L
PT are still pretty low on this.
Legendary lmaf
I think the position was like 5% OTM or some shit the whole thing was retarded and he was talking SO much shit before hand. Like the whole thing was demonstrably retarded to begin with that it was obvious he was not just on the spectrum, but the whole fucking spectrum.
“You paint sniffing crayon eaters”

Son of a bitch I’m in
lol yeah.. it be like that
lmao yes
you retards gonna get this subreddit banned 😤..
[deleted]
Lol meanwhile none of them have a job or anything going for them lmao such sad little hoes
That’s at least a 4 cat lady
Beautiful double bottom lol
“Honestly this is so true. I’m appalled. Why don’t men wash their ass???  Like how were you guys raised, with no plumbing?”

She got pumped and dumped by Chad after he got Taco Bell. Lmao
Excuse me? Lottery.com? Mind fucking blown, give me numbers mthrfckr
When are they going public? I’ll probably grab shares. Whoever develops fusion power first is going to 🚀
Treated myself with a Canada Goose this Christmas. This mf warm af!! Merry Christmas to you all autists :)
Bitter much Chris Sacca
clearly not
What about trannies? How good are they?
🌈🐻
Not enough.
[deleted]
How do I find a HVM when I’m fat and unemployed with a rare form of cystic acne? Should I buy tech leaps?
Nonetheless, sick trade is a sick trade! Good shit!
If you have 5k worth of stock, you can leverage it to borrow more money. 2:1 leverage would mean you get 5k of borrowed money, use that to buy more of the same stock. Now you have 10k worth of stock, now leverage your 10k of stock.. repeat.
Spend your time researching call plays Bro, it'll have a better roi
Sandstorm and remixes of it still get dropped quite frequently at electronic music festivals.  People go crazy still lol.

[This was at Dreamstate 2019](https://youtu.be/JXY767LWQkw?t=2228)
I kinda liked season 5
NGAWW - SpaceMobile
Are you guys really hornyposting on a video that's 240p?   

Here's the tiktok it comes from: https://www.tiktok.com/@johnny_eh/video/6909906926218317062
TAE (IPO soon), Commonwealth (IPO 12-18mo out), LHM (this is the only one public, not as good a chance on Fusion sectors as the other two)
**Being a former ugly duckling, I'm so wary of men now. I wish I didn't have to live with the mental problems that being an ugly girl caused me but at least I have learned to be very cautious.**

I have always been outgoing and social and friendly to everyone. Not a single guy cared for my personality. They would flock around my pretty friends and scoff and roll their eyes every time I wanted to take part in the conversation. Like my presence was bothering them. Now that I'm somewhat pretty they flock around me and I see how shitty, dismissive and disrespectful they are to the other women they consider "not hot enough". I don't care if you are nice to me, I will judge your character by how you treat the women you don't want to fuck. It's so humiliating to be treated like you are worthless because you have the audacity to be an unattractive woman.
[deleted]
[removed]
I have a feeling I know what gender the author was.....
If you didn’t buy from Lottery.com app you deserved to lose
[deleted]
"I was raised by a LVM single father and I only just realised that he was a misogynist who conditioned me to hate myself when my HVM uncle pointed it out. It's one of the hardest things to accept but it's very freeing as well."

Damn these daddy issues be real as fuck
Please die
Happy Holidays bro!
Usually that means there’s some significant truths involved.
I know this is heresy but I’m even thinking of closing PLTR and chucking it in GME for a bit so doesn’t sound so crazy to me
T
Well if you’re able to time spikes on squeezes perfectly then weekly options will make you the most money. Problem is, it’s impossible to time it, so you just gotta play the long game with LEAP’s and shares imo
Mom bought me a honey ham, it’s fucking delicious
Too many words, this retard no understand... Numbers you autist, gimme moar numbers!
R/femaledatingstrategies
My fellow mememericans of WSB, get the fuck in r/femaledatingstrategies we are raiding and taking over.
I see how many 🚀are next to a ticker
That’s why older suits like to bring a young person along for show
Pay for porn?
Bitch says that to me and I’m waking up Chris breezy
[deleted]
[deleted]
[removed]
So $35c for April?
[Top post of all time.](https://reddit.com/r/FemaleDatingStrategy/comments/glj7iv/some_men_need_to_learn_this/) I think you know which type of women upvoted it🙊
WOKE UP CHRIS BREEZY
That's just a strange situation then
I guess I'm asking if it makes sense. Never done an options trade before.
I'm fucking dying laughing.  This can't be real.
Haha okay, this will be fun.

I've been all over gamestop for months now. There are SO many variables at play here. Take market cap for instance, its going to fucking explode. The technical side of the fundamentals imply a squeeze to possibly 500% of its rounded beta. You want a price target? I've been crunching the numbers religiously and I've seriously never seen anything like what is happening and will happen with GME. To the fucking MOON!
no man. you simp too much her pussy turns into the sahara desert

youre literally funding the end of your relationship
[deleted]
Melania is that you?
People gonna be mad at this one 😳😳
[deleted]
Finland?
Higher quality version?
Options that are a year out or more are called leaps. You've never lept?

Edit: also why the fuck are you here if you're shaming people for not being a "normal investor". Go back to r/investing and jack off to 2% yearly dividends you fuckbag.
Except the CEO tweeted that wasn’t true
Lmfaooo
Lol, K.
I quit smoking 10 years ago and maaan it’s tempting to start back up sometimes.

I wish that would come out with some future tech shit that would make our bodies more resilient, or heal whatever damage, so I could start back up again
What’s that even mean lol. Puts on the communication category of her pyramid scheme performance review
go for BABA calls now
I’m excited to watch it fail them lmao
These replies involve a lot of recovering drug addicts and people who lost everything in a week.
I've watched like ten videos on options and still get confused.
That just means he’s not alone
Dont they know that guys on Tinder or whatever are already at least as insecure as they are? These sound like the worst people.
Christmas man bad
[removed]
It’s unclear to me. I’m super retarded

So the idea with GME is a short squeeze. 
Between the Christmas holiday and gaming season and cohens purchase of shares there is faith the stock would be going up. Currently gamestock is highly shorted so with the stock going up a short squeeze can happen.

To best take advantage of this the idea is to buy either shares or what’s 25c IMO?
I think they do this already, jokes on them they are wasting their time as their ovaries go barren...meanwhile dudes are having fun with another less bitchy chick
[deleted]
[deleted]
[removed]
[deleted]
Where should I start on FDS? first thing to read
I YOLO'd NIO at $18, but now I'm bored.
Holy shit how many times did you check the account before realizing
[This](https://youtu.be/uOiGHJ2bbgE)
They are another option too. I think once Commonwealth goes public, they may be the first on the map, the Apple of the group. Bill Gates backing them too...
"Stock, sometimes called bone broth, is a savory cooking liquid that forms the basis of many dishes, particularly soups, stews and sauces. Making stock involves simmering animal bones, meat, seafood, or vegetables in water or wine, often for an extended period of time." 
- Wikipedia
All the bears are dead my friend
Big fax
They really just aren’t catching a break lmao
[removed]
Weekend WSB >>>>> Weekday WSB
I’ve seen this vid so many times but that second candle never fails to make me laugh.
These wannabe hos even have their own language.. this is trippy.
**[Kardashev scale](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kardashev scale)**

The Kardashev scale is a method of measuring a civilization's level of technological advancement based on the amount of energy they are able to use. The measure was proposed by Soviet astronomer Nikolai Kardashev in 1964. The scale has three designated categories: A Type I civilization, also called a planetary civilization—can use and store all of the energy available on its planet. A Type II civilization, also called a stellar civilization—can use and control energy at the scale of its planetary system.

[About Me](https://np.reddit.com/user/wikipedia_text_bot/comments/jrn2mj/about_me/) - [Opt out](https://np.reddit.com/user/wikipedia_text_bot/comments/jrti43/opt_out_here/) - OP can reply !delete to delete - [Article of the day](https://np.reddit.com/comments/k9hx22)

**This bot will soon be transitioning to an opt-in system. Click [here](https://np.reddit.com/user/wikipedia_text_bot/comments/ka4icp/opt_in_for_the_new_system/) to learn more and opt in.**
Deep ITM leap options work for this
I’ll take them, i ran out
What craft, comedy?
This guy knows how to sufficiently manage his personal risk tolerance 💯💯
[deleted]
EthLaw? Ethics? Sounds about right. This sub is for people that failed PR bigly.
If you want your mind blown: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kardashev_scale
“Hot women should start massively swiping on every guy just to humble them when they shoot their shot. It would be public service.”

Dude, what the fuck?!
Here’s musk giving a summary: https://youtu.be/YNV8qi_rJBg
Naw that last line is for cash gang
Pleas fly again spy, my calls need it.
I need a weekend side hustle to fund my weekly losses, any idea?
What about TAE?
Back in my day FDs didn't stand for female dating strategies
Nope I don’t think it’s all that
I’m white and haven’t ever had this problem with anyone else, and he does make it very obvious that he is very racist. At this point i’m trying to cut them out but it just feels so wrong to do that to a family member because I know that they know better so I’m thinking it’s been in them this whole time honestly.
Bought 50 shares at $213... seemed like a good entry...
[removed]
Hold on to your hatcases!  We're nearly into the fourth wave!  
  
**There is no lie, and we're on the edge of fourth wave feminism.  They aren't capable of seeing it coming, and that's perfect.**
GUH
I support this statement in not supporting that statement.
Um no I’m 25 and most girls 18-19 look like kids lol
I wonder how much wsb owns of GME... the survey was a while ago and a lot more ppl bought in or increased their holdings. Also need to account of people who didn’t answer but own shares.
Giving women the right to vote was the biggest mistake this country ever made.
elon if youre reading this you gotta go for direct listing to propagate your wsb legacy
Why would you marry someone when the sex is bad
So what are the tickets for type 1
Damn ur right
Need to get feminist tattooed on your pubic bone
AY, AES Jan '22 calls.
Pltr ma
I dont have 2G ;-;
I am a sheep farmer living in the mountains of Peru. Do your own dam research on at least the basics before asking "HoW do I maKE tEndeRs fROm ScrAtCH?"

Edit: i also don't even know what your trying to say, is this a question or a statement?
From FDS:

"I take extreme pleasure in telling men to shut up. The shock on their face is both satisfying and enraging. They really don't know what being talked over, interrupted, shut up or ignored is like. I'm glad to teach them though." 

Yeah bitch.... WE'RE the ones who don't shut the fuck up.
picking up some cheap calls on monday
[deleted]
Im going to assume High Value Male just based on what little ive seen in this chat
A queen never pays for anything, I’ll be paying for every meal, every pool boy, and every mistake like a good member of the matriarchy
IF U SEE THIS, GIVE ME SMALL ACC YOLOS!   
¡    
¡    
¡ 

PLZ
Shouldn’t your hand point to your link?
If there is a stock drop, I would love to buy a lot.
[deleted]
Fuck me weekends are so god damn boring
This reeks of extremely rock bottom self esteem
Show them your steroid abs and see if they immediately change their tune
[deleted]
[in which a feminist destroys your FDS bullshit](https://twitter.com/moorehn/status/1340685895805104133?s=21)
Any luck?
Who is the H-est of HVMs in your mind? I'd have to go with Ray Liota before he started taking Chantix.
[deleted]
This is the way, the only way
[deleted]
I joined  r/femaledatingstrategy but I need flair.. how does one get flair??
You're kidding right? You don't seriously have these positions.
Ha fuck you noobs getting played by hedge fund simps shilling for $MT
It’s been said by others before that analysts haven’t yet initiated coverage of PLTR yet because they bypassed the IPO. Expect coverage after lockout expiration. Brokerages may load up first.

I will continue to hold throughout. Position: 5K shares.
FUck yeah!
Wrong. PLTR 40 before New Year=Facts
[deleted]
Small words good, but too many 🚀🚀🚀 maybe not good
Exactly.
Looks like one an Emperor would drive! I would know, I just sold some clothes to one.
Wsb mods are raiding with us STFU

Weekend is real shitpost hours
It doesnt exist anymore and tbh the explanation is over your head.
I make that in a fucking hour.
Hahahaha this is awesome
Yeah rewatching anime
The only difference is that girls desire this role. Just for the right guy though.

Guys dont truly desire being a doormat to their wife/gf
2 years of slow bleed, ouch
I don’t see anything strange here, just a guy sufficiently managing his personal risk tolerance
Bebop?
Okay. So fuck 20-30 years then?
r/femaledatingstrategy is that way 👉
[deleted]
Yup. Stopped at season 3 for the same reason.
[deleted]
Commonwealth may be the first company with fusion power within 5yrs, LHM is racing to this power too, takes our planet to a Type 1 civilization in the Kardashev scale.

Type 1 is fusion power. (Any day now)
Type 2 is harnessing the power of the planetary system. (2000+ years away)
Type 3 is harness the power of galaxies, imagine being able to collect power from a gamma ray burst or a star collapsing. (250,000yrs+ away)

Aliens exist on the Type 3 level, we cannot even communicate with them, we are ants.
[removed]
Please use your buying power to buy up all available GME stocks.
🙏🙏🙏
I’ve done bigger losses in shorter time ban this YouTube cuck
I’m a male therefore I’m a porn addict and can only learn if I’m hearing instructions on a sexy voice with my cock on my hand because women are good at psychology. Big LOL
lol it only gets more insane... a co-signer always helps tho. congrats
What's a good calculator?
Here: pltr is going to the fucking moon 🚀🚀🚀🚀
Don't do drugs
I wish I had known about NKLA when it IPOd, I wasn’t paying much attention to EV stocks at the time but even my stupid ass would known to get long term puts on that trash once they said hydrogen
I’m rewatching Boston Legal for Christmas

Come at me bro
Yeah, 90% of us pumped your mom last night.
Buy the dip!!!
Well done
Twinkr is where its at.
Buy it up
Can you elaborate
Buy USOI instead and collect the large dividend
[deleted]
Casino withdrawals 👀

Stonks go 📈
Marxism bra. Christmas bad!!!
EXROF
i dont give a fuck tbh, imagine actually caring wheter someone says "happy holidays" instead of "marry christmas" smh
Ahh will do lol
Ban
It was like over 5% when the poll was taken but paper handed retards have probably dropped it to like 3%
Imagine being so smooth brained that you place puts on apple and then being confident enough to record it
Yes! Good man!
Is he putting the info on the pages straight into his brain?
Bro, NVDA and AMD have just been refueling. Give it some times. If you have weeklies then you are fucked
Those people are commies.
[deleted]
Shit is crazy.
These are expensive as fuck,  i can’t see them 10 x at all
r/antstreetbets
🍆👀
2021 is the year harambe makes a comeback
Yeah bro try some Tren, it's not that hard.
Then put your money where your mouth is and post gains or losses next
Nah these people seems like one of them fake stock gurus we see on youtube. At least were genuine with our retardation in this sub.
saw the chinese lady on the street once. she was like "let me guess u want to take a picture" i now use that pic on all my dating apps.
65% is nice bro any higher than that is straight yolo only
Yeah and then they post about how their dude doesn’t have a big enough dick. Lmfao.
When is MRO taking off?
Still don't understand. What's this glitch
That's not saying much
Some woman divorced her husband because their sex was bad. She tried teaching him during sex with her sexy voice instead of talking about it like an adult🤡
[deleted]
All the femaledatingstrategy comments are pissing me off lol those dumb bitches omg hahahaha I'm gonna look away for the night. You guys have fun lmao
GOEV, wait a month. 🛶🚀
Looking to sell in the $20-$21 range.
I love how obsessed we are with this new sub of ours.  Let's infiltrate.
At which point was I bitter? I was just stating facts and then you got butthurt because you thought you was some next gen Buffet lmao
[deleted]
Merry Christmas. I'll see you bears on Grindr this weekend
https://youtu.be/pJHL-hZOqnQ
2AM.. Christmas Weekend.. the day that will forever live in infamy when WSB took on the feminazis in the battle for the most retarded
Yeah my first time lol. Totally rattled me I thought I had a small ween. Nah she just had a Grand Canyon puss with no grip
[deleted]
In for shares. Up 50% only though
Holy fuck this sub has gone to hell
Marauding female dating strategy subreddits is totally wise when WSB MODS are just running on fumes

Especially reposting their content in our daily discussion
It’s fun and easy, like Lincoln logs. Such free entertainment
😍😍😍😍 Thats fucking hot.
*in the long run
Who the hell exercises anyway
IcLN seems like the no brainer so naturally it would go BK after I buy calls
Bruh “yoked”
SUS
There's another with a woman that *knows and doesn't mind* that her boyfriend spends $450 a month on onlyfans, agrees not to do christmas presents with her boyfriend because she can't afford it, then gets mad when she finds out he gave one of his onlyfans chicks a $1000 gift.

With the way the FDS ladies react to $450 a month I'd hate to see what they think of the amount we gamble on options around here. That's only $5400 a year.
[removed]
I went full retard.... cross my fingers
Oil is dead - Go electric!
[removed]
all invested in what? hardly any buying power
I just bought my calls so I'm down 0
[deleted]
Belle Delphine EPS report underwhelming, puts on her onlyfans subscriber count
well it is $20.31 currently so you only need it to go up 69 cents in 4 trading days. If that isn't a good omen I don't know what is. Sixty. Nine.
[deleted]
I like how we all collectively agreed to shit post about FDS. Lmfao
They know we about to flood that shit.
NIO 🚀🚀🚀
Shit you’re right I’m such a pig, my eyes are only supporting the patriarchy...REMOVE MY EYES FOR THE GOOD OF MY QUEENS
This is why I don’t buy indices. I bought S&P500 in March and it fell 30 percent next day.
Bipolar idk, they just never admit the truth, at all costs. They can never admit that a fuckboi who neglects them gets them wet. I cant tell if its an evolutionary thing or cultural but EVERY GIRL IS LIKE THIS.
Got the 69th upvote, whatever that’s worth. Just thought it should be known.
Goev is down 10%. I don’t have big but 15k riding.  Half stock half options.
Whats the reasoning? Not fans of Wonder Woman?
I think they quarantined or something idk I’m locked out now too
There's a few cans of driveway sealer in the shed behind Trevor's house. That's gotta be worth a few bucks.
Fínâncë
[removed]
Any OTCs on your radar?
[deleted]
You’re telling me there’s something wrong with that?
Cool story bro, stick to daily thread
Sad
🤯
Because even if you only have 5% equity in a poker hand when that river hits and you lose $50k it’s not the same as when there only 4 cards out there and you’re thinking about your poor odds lol
Puts on AT&T
C’s get degrees !
Yo. But have you ever been in a big pussy?  It is weird.. went out with this athlete for a bit or maybe she had a sex change?? Thing was like the lincoln tunnel.
Joggers for sure. I’ve owned one pair for the past 8 months and wore the shit outta them, they still look new tho. But got a new pair and I’ve never been more excited about a pair of clothes
Well now you’re just being accelerationist - that’s fine but I’d rather live in a slightly hypocritical society that still functions and meets all my basic needs
Fucking retard.

Best of luck in a New Year, seems like you'll need it and need it FAST!
This proves that chicks are all actually bipolar lol
[deleted]
“In the long run we are all dead” - Osama Bin Laden
How about the post about how she dumped a dude because he wasn’t good enough in the sack and she was too lazy to work on it with him. Lmfao.
Almost $8 per contract,  how the hell is this going to 10 x....
Even NKLA stock is gravity powered.
Im just going to jerk it to this comment, been edging too long.
Fuck bitches, get money
If you're an ethnic minority it's a lot more likely for you to be paranoid about prejudice than it is for someone who seems to love you to secretly hate you. If someone who has romantic feelings for you somehow also actually hates you for your ethnicity, they will let you know in the long run and it will probably hurt your feelings pretty badly. It can't really be kept secret forever. There's no reason to try to catch it being kept a secret unless you like hurting your own feelings by gaslighting yourself on behalf of those who sow racial division, never giving any partner a chance for who they really are if instead you can use a fictionalized version of them as a springboard opportunity to deepen your own paranoia for the sake of cohesion with your in-group; a rather unworthy cause for which to sacrifice mental health imo. It's 2am and I smoked 2 bowls since midnight
Never give up, buy again until you win. Keep playin
Will you also be paying for every meal?
Does anyone know what happened to him? Is he still active here
Post how you left your husband for this HVM and jyst talk about Martin Shkreli
You're ok, he probably bought at the top
https://www.cnn.com/2020/12/25/us/nashville-explosion-service-disruptions/index.html

Nothing concrete yet but the rv was in front, video of explosion with loudspeaker warning to evacuate made the front page
Serious Recommendation: Seinfeld on the Tim Ferris podcast discussing the craft. Really good.
I love any comment that basically talks about guys being conditioned by porn to love big dicks and obsess over having one lmfao these dumbass chicks all think they are psychiatrists when in reality they are patients lmaooo
Dude you gained, chill
Bc it only takes 2 weeks at most lol and I'm feeling nasty.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Please someone on here have a micro penis and be willing to talk about it
[deleted]
The sub we all just found.. r/femaledatingstrategy
So many fucking post without positions. BAN BAN BAN!
[deleted]
GME size lord
Femaledatingstrategies be like:

"A good man will bend over backwards for you ladies!!! Any man that doesnt is PURE TRASH. Dispose of him like a fucking dead rat. You guys deserve nothing less"

then another post will say: "Omg guys i broke up with my boyfriend things just didnt work out. he was literally perfect, he had good hygiene and did everything i asked of him and bought me roses every week after work. he was such a good man but we went our separate ways because things just didnt feel right :/"
Literally gonna yolo my life savings and hope i'm not homeless in six months.
Free paid vacation from the government
hilarious🤣🤣
This is the way
Is this as hard as I can get? I'm pushing 3 inches right now.
[deleted]
Jeff Bezos cummed his hair onto Elon’s dome piece
I hate it here
Why? I bought calls yesterday...
[deleted]
Bro, I can't reply to anything. Am I already banned because I'm subed to r/WSB? 🤔
I never want to go back there again D:
Seriously, they're just the female equivalent of guys that want a busty babe to cook them meals and clean the house in a French maid outfit.
I’m retarded but why January 15?
Wtf did I just read
$DKNG $70c 1/22 and $90c 1/23. These LEAPS are made of gold
“I told him, "I don't have to convince you that you were disrespectful for me to feel disrespected."

Amen. You don’t get to decide whether your actions hurt someone. If they tell you it did, it did.”
NKLA - f u mom
Calls
[deleted]
Lol wut? Naw homey, I meant from RH, like if he was up 50k or whatever through a glitch and then say doubled it with said fraudulently obtained money, is he on the hook for everything or just the 50k?
Yeah my ex loved that shit. I only watched a few episodes before I was honest with her and told her its shit
‘Bout three fiddy
It's been GME and PLTR non stop for like a month now feel like. Ev has been quite actually? All I see is pltr contract news and game short squeeze. Which I guess most people don't mind cuz that's their whole portfolio anyways... Wish have some more decent DD. Like even MT should get some love lol.
Just shows they've been covering their HUGE losses. Their potential gains on buying calls does not exceed how deep their shorts are.
I suppose you're right 🥰🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Robinhood devs that use reddit are all on the gonewild sub giving up that cash on onlyfans
AAPL
I keep around $500 in there for yolos. I keep my real trading done in td though. 

I have to say I've profited ~$2k from the yolos. After all the transfers back and forth that is. 

But that's also down from about 9k on the upswing after that big crash at the start of the year lmao. 

I also started with 1600 so I'm not too hurt about it
[removed]
100% it’s just bizarre to watch.
[deleted]
It’s from female dating advise Reddit. Saw that post today fucking insane
[deleted]
Fuck you know what's the worst? Remembering stuff that you used to enjoy that you can't find or get anymore.. i just remembered i used to smoke Davidoff cigarettes and there was like one place in the city that had them, then they couldn't get them anymore. Man, they went so well with coffee... fuck me. Nothing compares now.
This is the funniest shit I’ve seen 🤣
Boxers was also my favorite. And nice socks
Google
if you are who you claim to be you wouldnt be coming here for advice
They sound like the female equivalent of everything they resent. With that said, I don't care enough/at all to bother their narcissistic circlejerk, or circleshilk, or whatever.
NIO is also backed by tencent
This is the way! I'm tired of this shit.
Best case you mean*
[deleted]
Yo.. please make a video.  I need this in my life.
Okay 3, 2, 1, let’s jam..
buy EV, fossil fuel is dead
Lol
I learned the word speculation from that book. Only thing I understand. Still don't know the definition of the word though.
Buy index funds
Hey guys I’m a HVM (high value male) I have 10/10 looks, I’m 7 feet tall and buff af, I make millions shooting photos of queens for their only fans, and I’m willing to date 1-4/10 girls because I’m a true gentleman who doesn’t judge a queen by her looks. Please tell the ladies in r/femaledatingstrategy that I’m on my way to serve my queens, their golden chariot awaits!!!
They generally sell the goods after mined. Bitccoin needed to stay above 19k-ish for them to break profit. Now that it’s mooning they can hold more/accumulate
Support - commented
Propped up by the fed and nowhere else to park money right now. Imo we got a ways to go before the gig is up
Translation:
Sucker is begging for a loan from Sir_Jack_A_Lot!
Pussy is pussy especially in spandex.
Finally getting caught up on Orange is the New Black. Do not recommend after season 2. It goes from Breaking Bad lite prison drama to a gd Lifetime sisters sob story.
I got a power bank. I already have 2 but I just love being able to charge my phone anywhere
Buy more shares of GME
I invested in PAA. Oil is coming back but I think their pipelines are going to come back faster.
Whole lotta no equipment there for a giant factory being built.
What's her onlyfans?
[deleted]
Moonshine
1000x sales or bust
Thank god we no such thing as limits or sell
Stonk goes up. 

Buy it. 

Stonk goes ~~up~~ down more. 

You bought the predip, you fucking retard.
Ya bc everything going on with solid China stocks really builds investor confidence to dump money into retardedly valued ev bubble stocks 

Fuck Chyna stocks and fuck Ali Baba for fucking me
The 3 kids one hits home.  All the women who live nearby have 3 fucking children whether they are 22 or 35.
Where is this from?
Alberta?? Canada??  Just shut your fucking mouth rn
Nobody tell him

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/joshuacabrera the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Got depressed again and became unemployed in June. After seeing people's gains here, I went full retard and took 12k of my savings and bought options after learning the bare minimum. Got lucky with AAPL and PTON calls and peaked at 36k, but bought and held TSLA FDs thru assault and battery day and dropped my account to 2.5k. Recovered a little with AAPL and AMD calls. Currently all in on GME and I'm back to break even for the year.
Easy, when "experts" begins to say the stock is a casino or that the valuation does'nt make sense, it means it is the next meme stock
This dude makes me want to go balls deep in FD’s
That sigh at the end. Oooh man 
Yeah he’s done for the year. Good thing the years about to end!
[deleted]
Why do this when there isn’t outdoor gyms to show it off? It’s bulking szn til lockdowns are over bro
its radicalizing females to hate men. and everything they say is opposite
Holy shit that dip would of made me fucking shit myself.
Ban for Business Insider link.
What was your favorite present this year? Mine was boxers. God damn it, I hate buying essentials for myself.
[deleted]
RIOT January 2022 leaps will PRINT, aim to sell around September-ish of 2022
I'm yoked as fuck and still watch porn like every day. Bitch is retarded lol
Yeah during this trend but trends change. EV is white hot but I think TSLA’s market cap is between 3x 4x the next up Toyota....options are about riding the wave so for sure buy calls until the bubble pops but limit your exposure...and hedge with some puts if your swing trading
Do DD


Blah blah blah
Yada Yada Yada

Buy the dip

The end 

(terminology may differ)
Yeah, the shits going to implode, unless people get it in their head that buying the stock is showing support and patriotic stand against terrorizing
It’d be like supporting any politician lmfao
Currently have 10k in 1/8 $220c and 2/19 $225c grabbed Thursday on the way down.
"I also bought myself a ring this year. I've bought myself gifts for every Christmas and birthday since I turned 40. I'm in charge of making myself happy now!"

Not bizarre but excruciatingly sad and hilarious
Or just ignore one of the many toxic subs that are here. Femaledatingstrategy sounds like a honeypot for dumb bitches to flock to anyway
Ctrl c/v is also how you copy / paste
Just checked my lottery ticket, didn’t win shit
Honest answer would be SPY, QQQ, AAPL or MSFT
Thank you that explains everything so well🤣
anal farmer
We’re also biologically programmed to kill one another over turf, food, family conflicts, etc.  Doesn’t make it a valid excuse
[deleted]
[deleted]
Gme
Buy again
your battery is at 100%, get it down to1% then post
I don't even want to fucking imagine how fucking fat they must be..
Target
Ban
SOMEONE PUT THE TICKER AND STEADILY INCREASING PERCENTS ON THIS OR I WONT WATCH IT
You listen to my call?
CALLING ONE AND ALL

Help the ladies of r/femaledatingstrategy out here and let them know what a real MAN looks like 

https://www.reddit.com/r/FemaleDatingStrategy/comments/kkeb8p/the_only_man_worth_my_time_imo/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf

Pic is Elon btw
Did he win?!?
Agreed, I fucking hate holidays
Just checked my lottery ticket, didn’t win shit
Lol no bro. DNP is straight poison. Given to German soldiers on the Russian front so they wouldn't freeze to death with a tremendous side effect of fat loss
I would do anything to be able to do what you do! Don’t take for granted traveling always seeing/doing whatever you want going to beautiful places
What one stock pick can you recommend to your mom?
Buy high, sell higher.
[Do I look like I know what a jpeg is?](https://youtu.be/QEzhxP-pdos)
Free stock
That whole fucking religion is a scam.
>What are finances?

I think has to do with getting married or something. Like being engaged
Damn you definitely put a lot of effort into this video. Very well put together. Thanks man!
Had a dream GME was up bigly. I knew I should have bought weeklies on Thursday
Robinhood: *crashes regularly


Robinhood programmers: we should make snowflakes or some shit
Who hurt u bb
Who’s not going to check their portfolios until 12/31? 🙌
[deleted]
I meant right now in a more localized sense of time.. as in, right now.. not in the "it's cool this year because it was in a movie/show so i discovered it" way. No idea what WW is.. i don't really like Blue Monday tbh, too simple, plus i've heard it so many times. The rest of Substance is bomb though :) What do you think of the 01 album Get Ready? Released RIGHT BEFORE 9/11.. fuck man.
yeah I remember reading a post on r/pennystocks about an idiot who bought palantin technologies instead of pltr...
[deleted]
That's the game we play, Rest In Peace to him
Really? source
Right, exactly.  I doubt it would be that easy to time too... that being said, I am shocked almost every day things keep going up though, ngl
Might as well
Why the fuck would anyone put any trust in RH after all the debacles we’ve seen?
Investment memes
Just play $mt they should have a dip Monday cuz of that explosion or whatever
How dare the great unwashed peasants make money like the blue blood elites?
Sucks to be sacca sucker.
[deleted]
Wait... you think the market cares about value?  This shit is digital trading cards, the value is what we're willing to pay for it. It's all about the meme potential
Fr i need a weekend hustle because how fucking degenerate is it that i spend my weekend looking forward to losing more money on monday.
Feminist trash
It means “high value men” aka 10/10 looks, muscular, 9 digit salary, willing to date a below average chick with no job and 3 kids lmfao
Most of the gains came from which positions ?
I pre-order all my shares so I get them nice and hot.
I guess that explains [this tweet](https://twitter.com/TheRoaringKitty/status/1342262440243945479).
it has always been stripe
I hope u don’t pay taxes and irs comes for your ass and your ass so hard with tax evasion charges.
[deleted]
There is zero reason for that mirror other than for sex appeal.  I’m not complaining but whoever thought of that deserves a raise
"If you cant handle me at my worst you dont deserve me at my best"
I'm so tired that everything is funnier than it should be, so when I see "can you explain why nikola stock keeps falling. Thanks" on Nikola's Instagram, I'm in tears. Like, do you really not know or is this rhetorical?
Loss, as my account has traded sideway ever since I started trading options.

From 86k to peak $181k from just buying TSLA stocks to 156K by buying TSLA, PLTR and other call. 

Trying to get back with CSP.
so buy the dip?
Even console’s hdd can’t host infinity number of game and media. The discs are still useful.
Most people in GA are pretty chill with other races, you got a bad one
[deleted]
I need to watch that again. One of my favorite all time. Still think about that really high gravity wave planet all the time
He’s so dreamy
I’m not fat or out of shape and I watch porn as much as I watch futures
I would agree if you tell it lacking emotions and poor sound mixing. Writing was fine though. Anyways, if you just saw it once, give it a try a couple of more times. It makes a lot of sense on a rewatch. Signing off. Do not go gentle into that good night...
This is the way
Nashville attack potentially against AT&T.  Any thoughts on plays for T?
[deleted]
The hot companies have never been discounted this century.

That book *doesn't work*.
[removed]
FemaleDatingStrategy sounds awful, lets give them our brightest investment advice and teach them about doing lines off hookers.
boomer word, seems liek it doens't exists anymore
The video is sped up. Jess King is legit.
I have no fucking idea.  The fact that you can't comment is hilarious.
I’m gunna start fuckin with them super hard honestly
Probably sub 7% but people get in and out of it frequently so take it as you will
Bro he’s clearly not suggesting buying a duplex, he’s saying get an apartment building somewhere. Likely somewhere he would never live sitting on 5M
[deleted]
[deleted]
Well I still don’t think that’s gonna happen but nothing wrong with hedging. OP said it’s gonna pop Monday which I would bet my life savings won’t be the case
Dash!?
Been a while since I’ve seen this.
Georgia originally, but they just moved to wyoming
I just read that. What does HVM mean? I backed out of that sub immediately
2021 no negative thoughts
Yeah, do this a hundred and ten times and you'll have zero million dollars. Rocket emojis bitches.
what about nikola?
This pocket veto is about to fuck everything up
Crwd has been a rocket for like a year,  how high can it go?
He already said it'd be a while away until the profit predictions are more confident etc. I'd say still a couple of years.
Someone gave me a bottle of VSOP brandy for Christmas so I'm sipping on that. It's got me feeling warm and tingly and it's a real nice time..
Enjoy it forever
[deleted]
Thx. Now I’m buying puts at open
about 5%
Webull's charts and data is very thorough and complete. You don't need to make an account to use the app. You could always do that.
Beat my dick to the weekend Dow
The film was well done technically but the writing and story was trash.
Did you even read the entire article? It's fine. We're fine.
WSB owns 6.9% of the company
They had their own news of  some drug development. If you'd be in that by accident, you'd just have been lucky.
Men can't talk about women being Fat, get it straight.
How did you get that
Indiana?  Western PA?
Ya should delete this. Have some dignity and self respect
Is that the Apple sanitary napkin?
[deleted]
Yessir
Retard rich!
A stonk is a type of ice cream flavor. I'll ask your mom to tell you all about it when your older
Inside fish sticks, outside tartar sauce
Pocket full of celery, imagine what she tellin' me
Blowin' on asparagus, the realest shit I ever smoked
Ridin' to that Trap or Die, the realest shit I ever wrote
They know I got that broccoli, so I keep that Glock on me

Happy lil bitch?
Please give the guy who made the video gas money so he can drive there and report more.

So sad...and pathetic.
yeah I'm sure a lot of the retards here would get hard on her (gainz) real quick
i calculated everyone’s combined shares, it comes out to 6
I just got here. Any good dd posts on pltr so I can spend all my money?
Aston Martin Vulcan

https://youtu.be/7ts_j5Pmwb0
You mean ‘GUH’
And I will buy $1000 tsla calls if it makes me money but until then it’s not and it will crater
📄 🙌🏻
Not really. I think it was probably his best work (in terms of complexity) besides Memento. It was probably toughest to direct to. Action sequences, Complexity, and Camerawork was the best in his career. Only thing lacking was music by Hans, but, it wasn't bad either.
What are u saying he had puts Apple went up even after premarket
I just love going back to old posts and seeing people go “you’re up 50k dude just sell lol idiot”
LOL
I should do that instead of jerking off on my bathroom breaks.
Not gonna lie I was feeling the energy !!! 😏😏😈😈🔥🔥🔥🥳

lets go RIDE A COCK LIKE THAT MEN !! 

BE A ALPHA and suck a pee pee with passion
Lol go in there and start talking shit about fat chicks all of them will get triggered because 90% of them are obese
[removed]
And 8 grandparents for that life insurance money
WSB ATH
Never been able to do this, what is your methodology on monthlies rather than weeklies?
Close. My sister did 😂
Yeah its worth a watch. Its longer than it shouldve been but I enjoyed it.
?
Strikes and prices please
AY
What do you degenerates do on the weekend?
Yeah I didn't mean that to enlighten you towards anything you didn't already understand. Goddamn 2002 was not my year either
18 year old wsb 'ers made more money than this cuck and he is angry.
>At least you got to cu[m], last time I came with anyone else besides myself was over 20 years ago and I had to be on top of him fantasizing about engaging in lesbian sex acts...do you know how many guys I’ve been with? One of them for 16 years, for Odin’s sake!

lol sis, ever think maybe you're just a lesbian?

There's so many weird things to make fun of in that sub but that one is the most amusing to me.
Holy fucking shit.. if this is you. Find help.  

**We're getting married**!  

*How'd you meet girl*?  

***Bumble actually 🧏🏾‍♀️ We matched, he waited for the appropriate time to ask me on a real date, paid, and didn’t pressure me to move faster than I wanted to. I believe OLD can work if you vet properly, which this sub taught me how to do!***
Next we’re going to have fucking paper account loss porn
Market might stay flat, it honestly didn't seem to react positive to the stimulus news nor negative to the Mango Video. There was small algo movement but that was it.

The real question, is can republicans survive the GA election while looking like complete clowns for 2 weeks? Dems sweeping GA could cause some mega caps to crash, taking the market with them. Right now, dems look like they want to throw money at everyone and republicans look like they turned into the guy showing up to the wedding with no gift. It's a bad look after spending record amounts the last 4 years.
A few k for like at least 10k
Help!  I drank too much and I think I’m trapped in my phone.
GME
50k of not even his money but robinhood 😂
Seems like you've probably made a killing on RMG though. Nice work - I wish I had listened!
[removed]
The important thing is that you were wearing your helmet
[removed]
Thinkorswim, 200k paper trade account comes standard
You belong here
Nah Feb, I’m not retarded
Ban

Edit:
Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban Ban
DD should be 3 words and 6 🚀’s max!
No
Hyperbole
Why limit yourself to two parents? Be the bastard child that drives a wedge in the marriage so you have two dads competing for your adoration and two mothers to steal xanax from.
I can’t 🤣🤣🤣
The whole point of FSD is to make road head easier.
At least 1 most likely
Mad AND retarded.
“Also, I've noticed that the fatter and/or more out of shape a guy is, the more obsessed he is with porn.”

This is one of the top comments in the female dating strategy sub that has hundreds of likes. I thought we couldn’t talk about others weights. 🤡
Tanker gang was hilarious. What a fail
I ❤️ PETER THIEL
Lol i can only image the venting they do to their cats about how they will be single forever because guys are just “disappointments”
Worth that to whom 🤔
So make money before then, easy.
🌈 🐻
Oh they celebrate Christ now.   Dope
aren't we supposed to be retards?
Tenet was so trash
As opposed to a ghetto f*?
No one tell him
Look I’ll day trade Tesla up until the bubble pops. Doesn’t negate the fact that it’s not truly a $630 billion dollar company and will implode
You can't do anything for people who choose to be stupid.
Which one, I am interested.
You keep a poor company of girls
[deleted]
They were stunts. $3T bills. There was zero chance that was going to pass. Nancy Pelosi did that to look good for the base and shame the GOP. It didn’t work. The Democrats didn’t win shit in Congress and people’s pain was just needlessly prolonged.
It must just feel hot I mean how could it actually be hotter
I'm in!
No
[deleted]
[I was there for about 85 seconds and I already have cancer of the prick and the brain.](https://www.reddit.com/r/FemaleDatingStrategy/)
Mm I'm a TSLA skeptic but if you think it's dropping like 85%in an hour you're dumb
[removed]
Did daddy trust fund bail him out?
[deleted]
Lol you married hot trailer trash, didn’t ya

Yep been there
dont spend it all in one place
For real. 2 working parents is better for America.
Reading through osmosis. Worked in high school, but less in college.
"I bought myself a diamond ring. Marrying myself this year."

lmfao
TLDR: PLTR 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Lmao i fucking love this sub
Is WW84 worth watching
Most of Nolan movies could be turned in to a sequel. Inception had an open ending, Interstellar could continue with Cooper going out to save Dr. Brand. Tenet could go on as the entire op being part of Temporal Pincer movement.

But, as we know, Nolan doesn't do sequels (besides Dark Knight Trilogy). Good tho. We get to see something new each time.
it's literally the top fucking hot post.
This cuck seems angry at young bucks making money.
If I had actually followed that book instead of being afraid of another crash for years, I'd be having margaritas on my lanai already.

Stocks I passed on because I thought I had missed the boat, or they were too expensive in valuation:

Microsoft, 1997

Amazon, 1999

Apple, 2003

Nvidia, sometime in the 2000s, around $7

Tesla right after the Model S came out

NFLX in mid 2000s

Google and Facebook at IPO

*guh*

All you can do is learn from mistakes and try to do better.
[removed]
I’ve never seen either of those even though I was aware of their existence when they originated. I’ve been careful not to look
Well I’ve got a screenshot of that forever...
SQ Monday
he wont be in your car anymore tho
94 Camry
What were you doing within 500 feet of a school?
Gross you pedo
You got puts expiring Monday?
I like how you go 

“Ok I’ll take a break for a couple of months to reevaluate my strategy” 

Than 3 months later go 

“Nah, my strategic was solid” 

Lol
He works at a marina?
Buy the dip
[removed]
Yess haha
[removed]
Tagged ya in a comment
[deleted]
I think they’re closed
Hold up, this is your first post and already got flaired? Which mods’ dick do I got to suck?
The nuclear family idea is pretty dumb. Why limit yourself to limited tendies with only one parent making money. Fuck dem kids they’ll be happier in a brand new car then with a mom
Then tony used it to watch porn hub HD
Not so much “garbage” but rather subtle put downs will drop the panties str8 to Gyna
Trump vetoing is bullish. Stonks only go up
Ban
No just withdrew almost $1M for taxes and other investments.
u/therealNiBI
They probably got pussies bigger than Elon’s tunnel
Start a SPAC and I’m in
Based on the average WSBer, this post makes me assume most of the people looking at it are trying to figure out why doubling your money isn't a 200% gain.
Nah man he uses things like that to justify it :/
This is not /r/poor
I might have lost more money than you, I MIGHT, but I’ll never be this retarded
I use the stash app. I slowly put money in over the last couple years and put in about $950, im currently up about $250. I just lurk here.
I already bet $30k on it
that proves that he is a phony.  🤷🏽
Excellent movie. One of my all time favs
Awww poor guy.  What a difficult life you must live.
Yeah, I know exactly what you mean.. Do you ever worry that your gf in that situation thinks like that too and just pretends not to or what’s up?
Leaps ftw
I didnt stay up late enough to catch santa
Pre flight check completed let’s goooo
[removed]
Doesn't that mean you were down a cool 1mil? Goddamn
Give me yolos plz :>)
Oh I just didn’t want to stir a bunch of shit the night before I have to travel. One word: bubble
[deleted]
It’s based on their own self perception. The ones that think they are trash want a strong man to treat them that way.  The ones that think they are special want to be treated as special but still not sucked up to.  It’s all just confirmation bias, and takes some experimenting to see how well they respond to negs, etc.
i wouldn't necessarily short it, but i just don't think there is any upside momentum. Passive is still rising which is feeding into more index buying and so tsla can still go up and down with the general market.
I drove past an kindergarten and they installed screaming speed bumps.

A little morbid, but whatever keeps the children safe I say.
I think it needs a sequel. The ending when he takes the space ship should be followed up on
Looking like it
Only if Muhammad makes a SPAC first to acquire you
[deleted]
What if Tony had iPad?
[deleted]
The opposite place that mango went
How’d asian markets do today?
Profit is profit.
This cuck is salty cause young wsb guys made profit while he was a young loser.
Hahahaha
Let's do it.
Nah. Ya just dumb. Filter by hot.
it's a reference to the transformation.
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [James Franco &amp; Seth Roge](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mNYJNI7HSsA) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mNYJNI7HSsA)⠀►►⠀ 2:52 / 4:19 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
Facts.
Only if you're trying to avoid pregnancy.
He’s talking about BTWN see the link posted below
I hear they have these all inclusive vacations based around it in Turkey. Sounds fucking amazing
On calls....... ya. 

6-months ago, people wouldn’t be upset owning at its current price. Zoom out just a little and it’s still winning.

Pretty crazy the most major governments (US, EU) are issuing anti-trust suites to all the major tech companies..... but China opens an identical dialogue with their major tech company and it drops 20%........ not to the US companies thou. Things could get interesting.
Why is he whispering and screaming at the same time
[removed]
[deleted]
What’s a fuck ban?  Is that harsher than a regular ban?
Yeah I got a nasty hernia in chest diaphragm that gives me heartburn. Always haven’t been 😳🔫🧑‍🚀
Yup feel that. Hot Cheetos ain’t helping either
Their body counts are in the triple digits and they’re complaining about mediocre sex. Lmao
Guh
Yes
There better be a good reason Larry!
I don’t know the full story but I don’t believe it’s all his money.

I’m pretty sure he exploited some glitch
Yeah if they uvxy or vxx
[deleted]
I’m up around 80%. 

I’ve made some mistakes. Betting on the dark winter was not one of them...
Sorry but Steve’s all have massive cocks, that’s why they are scumbags
tldr:

Don't buy any of the stocks that did well in this century.
Imagine if Tesla put a glory hole in their cars. $2000 EOD if it happened
Christmas dinner is way better than Thanksgiving
Man. Just finished rewatching Interstellar after 4 years. Cried like a baby thrice. That guy has some mad skills.
Lots of bitter, low value women that think they are queens in that sub

They don’t realize the low value men are the only ones they can get - so it’s either settle or be alone. And we all know women love attention
It’s fucking amazing WSB needs to just go all in and fuck their shit up
[removed]
maybe what you think of as "treating them like garbage" is just being less needy and weird
I heard it regrew naturally from the neuralink stem cells
Well, you are now at least.
I. Fucking. Died.
It holds up. I remember starting reading it at 16. I’ve re read it a bunch of times when I was in HS. 

Quick read. 

He was actually doing (what I would consider risky) real estate auction notes and weird shit like that. Idk. 

The only cringe thing now is the Donald Trump stuff. They were buddies for a while and now it completely undermines his street cred imo. Boomers gonna boom tho...
This video always makes me wonder about the teacher.  There’s a teacher, in that room, watching the kids read.  He has to see little Einstein sitting there, pouring learning on his head.  No one gonna go tell the little dude that books don’t work that way?
[deleted]
If it's sent to a collections agency it hurts your credit score until you settle and get it removed.
He had some expiring in the spring and then some other leaps more than a year out.
BUY LOW SELL HIGH.... reach for the options
Hennessey Venom F5
Clf you say?
Sold. I don’t see a timeline are you aware of anything? Also thanks for the belle link it’s getting late gotta crank one out
Account value with either shares or options for
This is how I read
I'm just saying usually better quality on match.
If I had that kind of capital invested, I'd say the same. Lol 😆
If it walk like a cuck
and talks like a cuck....
If you got bread I'm sure somewhere in California.

An acquaintance of mine went to turkey to get it for the low.
Fuck yeah this is my #1 choice
Hopefully my shits will grow
[WSB in a nutshell ](https://ibb.co/P5QyL4j)

(Read all comments)

u/steven_1il you deleted your comment before I could even reply to you...I’m curious as of your statement...
Flat teeth
You bite your tongue man.  This bitch needs to hit $35 by Jan 15 so I can ride my horse on into tendietown.
jesus christ. puts
bullish
I've been in some weird situations with gfs family members a few times.  People live in different fuckin worlds.
Pocket veto sounds cute but it really means that nobody can do shit about it, right?

So Trump will likely veto, because he said he will, and fuck everyone in his last 30 days, and then... the market crashes and we all blame Mango?
Discount Wigs and Plugs. They're downtown by the Dollar Tree.
Somebody make this man a mod
This is why Sacca hates us
 This is nice but if you don’t sell your children, take out a 4th mortgage and pour absolutely everything in to a single call, you’re gonna get roasted.
gay
[You mean the empty-ass field](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qh7m0PKAc1w) that's supposed to start pumping trucks out in Q3 2021? 

Seriously, I've seen council-funded projects built faster than the NKLA factory
Can I have your daughter
Mike pence left to count votes solo
I miss the quality memes. These days it's nothing but these shitty pump and dumps on the front page. Don't trust anyone who is trying to sell you something, kiddos, and remember that every one of these people has a lot to gain if you do what they tell you to. If someone has quality DD, perhaps proceed with caution. But if it's nothing but "GME to the moon," they're playing you for a fool.
[removed]
Yeah that guy was retarded for holding. He was up so much. Weren’t his options expiring next month too?
the meme stonk effect I called it. basically when meme stonk goes up, check for stonks that have similar names.
You guys can afford photoshop? Paint is the way
Positions?
believe me I know I bought it then, but are you referring to ABCL?
🙌🙌🙌
Ma is on the shitlist, the company isn’t going anywhere. Already has someone else running it. Once people learn to separate Ma from baba the answer is obvious. It’s gunna take potentially months to recover to 300 and start climbing again but it will eventually
How do you roll a call
financial tech. eg PayPal, Square, $BFT (bullish on that one)
I'm also holding roughly 50 shares, I saw some retard say he was going to retire off this shit, good enough for me.
🚀🚀🚀🚀
The beers just aren’t going down smoothly tonight, y’know?
options or shares?
Don't listen to these retards. Nope you don't have it right. Watch more videos before jumping in
Well you're in luck, I consider myself qualified to answer this because I worked in a couple law firms before. I'd assume he'd be ok if he just gave back the principal and said "whoops nevermind don't need a car now".
>https://spankbang.com/4q3lc/video/belle+delphine+leaked+porn

[https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2020-12-15/thiel-backed-spac-said-to-weigh-up-to-10-billion-tokopedia-deal](https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2020-12-15/thiel-backed-spac-said-to-weigh-up-to-10-billion-tokopedia-deal)
[deleted]
they are on match for a reason...
Fuck it's only Saturday
Only acceptable excuse. Have a good day/night wonderful person.
I mean everything’s considered racist nowadays. Can’t even say master bedroom without people thinking you’re a slave owner.

So yeah.
Wow, win win.
Take a drive through compton

He will be yanked out the car for you

just speed up when they try to grab you too
We need him
Why’s that?
Guh
Meme stocks don’t abide by the laws of nature
Buy low sell high fagot
Im in at April 27 C
Bro you are gonna kill it !!
Dude probably plays spoons
I remember the days I used to use all my savings to go on a holiday every year that lasted like a week. It’s so much better to yolo my savings
When even the girls on match don't look good you know you really need to fucking move.
I like Jan22 $25C, too. Upvoted & awarded.
he's probably not in WSB or else he would have known
Ah yess, The New York Stock Exchange only opens on Sundays

-


all jokes aside u/SIR_JACK_A_LOT said he s selling on monday tho. Its too overhyped
gamestop had supply issues, then multiple stores had a sudden unexpected delivery of consoles which gave it a small rally, no news since meaning we can assume supplies are in good hands with a good demand from consumers. bullish gme 🚀🚀🚀
[removed]
[removed]
Isn't that the shit they give horses that enlarges your heart?
[removed]
So, he will pocket veto Monday and that’s the end of it, and my puts will print as the market melts down?
Probably IV crushed to break even if at all.
Best post ever
I hope so. Got me a juicy end-of-year 3550/3600/3650 SPX butterfly. Need a heavy pullback Monday.
I would literally close every single position and go 100% into this if I didn't get raped on IPO day.

Even then its probably not a bad idea.
This guy's a real autist guys, leave him alone!
Melvin lost so much money on $BABA while $GME short position is going up like crazy- this means $GME exposure as % of total portfolio is skyrocketting and they will have to cover their stock to right-size risk allocation and this will chain start the massive covering of not just Melvin but their “buddies” who are riding Melvin’s coat tail (other hedge funds that Melvin talks to and Melvin’s investors who pay them management fees to get their ideas) $GME is going to the moon!!!!
*Scoops thread and puts on head*
Someone call Belle Dolphlundgren
Fair point 😅
Knowing what I know now...to make it simple the massive steel shortage is only gonna help. I've got a really good feeling...a gut feeling not emotional.
[deleted]
💎 🥜
... how much you wanna bet?
Yea perfect timing
[deleted]
Ya gotta go by stephie to let everyone know you’re a giga chad
No, truck only go down
Stock: has a short squeeze because institutions are waiting for it to go bankrupt.
WSB: oh my god! look at how it went up! I'm buying the top!
I think it’s more like they will let you treat them more like garbage the more money you have
what hair transplant salon did daddy musk go to
Not all girls just thots but yea
Stonk*
God I love this sub
[removed]
🚨IF YOUR NAME IS STEPHEN AND YOU GO BY STEVE YOU GOT A MICRO PENIS FASHO🚨
bull rings on the nose

so uhh

wait holup
I am curious, legally speaking, what he would've been implicated for if it would've landed on black.....he probably would've lost it again, Icarus would never be able to stay away from the sun
I might hop on that, good tip
Stay in school, kids.
Got it. All in on $DIP
[deleted]
No Fucken way I feel like I just had someone’s wife rip a dick dinger off of me for the first time!! Thank you so much !!!
That kid knowledge.
I've been trading since the early 80s. Watching the industry evolve has been spectacular and rather frightening. There have been down years, but all in all I've made a tidy sum. I still have my chart books boxed up somewhere. Back then I had to physically draw in the graphs based on open/close figures in the paper.   


This year I did really well, and don't take this the wrong way, but I think I shouldn't have. Technicals, fundamentals, and everything besides gut instinct has gone out the window this year. "Stonks only go up" should not be the order of the day. I'm a permabull like Rukeyser but I'm pretty sure we're going to take a 20%+ dump very soon.   


Trade small and keep your deltas in line.
You have the gist. Use optionsprofitcalculator for real numbers.
Lol yeah you don't want to be giving out free invitations like that!
Exchanges are delisting it. Lol how do you plan on doing that?
Just smarter than this sub was the criteria.
Great history, but it glosses over a couple of the important things imo, which are why Trump wants to veto it and what will happen if he does.
Damn lol. No
Nah, I forgot all about this. Looks like I missed out!
I bet if the government closes on Monday the bubble pops
[removed]
The golden years are gone. We used to have rainbow dildos and people drinking piss when their picks went south, now it's just a grab bag of rocketships and overused cuck jokes
NIBB@!
This fucking rocks lol. (Rocket emoji)
Buy a naked april call. Hold it until you're up 70% and sell a covered call against it
Jerome Davis and Tom Kelly – have decided to retire from the Board, effective June 2021

https://investor.gamestop.com/news-releases/news-release-details/gamestop-appoints-reginald-fils-aime-william-simon-and-james
[deleted]
Begging for that permaban bro 😬
Sorry I was too busy staring at the GME chart
I'm gonna load up on a few more hopefully 2.66. bigass spread is looking good. 
6/18 25c is 2.61-2.71
Yes lack of cholesterol and B12 affects myelin sheaths and cortical efficiency which reduces cognitive function
No issue I can unbutton some Mormon underwear to hit that educated 🐱
How much did you make ?
What’s a stock?
Hey guys I used to run the local kebab shop but I got sick of Muhammad’s shit, now I wanna start an electric vehicle company. Who wants to invest in it? Starting market cap of 69b
I'm also about 150 mi away and couldn't send texts...I got about 5 ppl that think I didn't reply to their "merry Christmas" messages 😅
Shit can’t be good for you dawg. My homies friend was a bodybuilder and randomly passed a few weeks ago while driving home from the bar. Im pretty sure he was shooting things in his ass but shit freaky
Sibutramine and meth too why not lol
What’s fin tech?
I’m still gonna buy lol
Are you fuckin kidding me. You didn’t even check? Fck
So many friends and family gathering and traveling. I’ve been locked up at home. 

They all laugh when I tell them how much money I’ve been making in the markets trading companies that benefit from Covid running rampant. 

The irony is lost on them. RIP to your family and mine. But Tags on feet make the folio swole...
Guh
[deleted]
Me looking at my 1 year chart 

Cardi : whole lotta red
[deleted]
you nailed it bud, just make sure you're using margin
Right now? Where you been the last 40 years.

Let me guess, you saw WW and it was your first time hearing blue monday?
Thomas saf t liner
lol what happened to this kid and box spreads guy?
[deleted]
Non.
Related to Mit Romney
Lol, I’m on it! Santa will definitely come back for PLTR cookies.
Ferrari 488 Spyder
[deleted]
Are you referring to the Air Canada story? I've read similar articles for the past 6 months, I wouldn't get puts for solely this reason. Maybe a few other reasons, it might drop off in the short term just due to travel demands remaining shitty.
This is nothing new.... We all know this retard.
Has anyone actually watched two hour $PLTR investor event that is on their investor relations website? I cant believe I watched it just now. You GOTTA watch and you will hold onto this stock for life. $PLTR to the moon!
What is the buy price for these shares? I’ve only done options 😅
Yep the book's success through word of mouth is well documented and taught in marketing 100

I'll reread it now that I'm 20 years older and because you said it's your Bible.

Ty stranger
I sure hope there's more to come. I mean, I need some closure. If this was just a random no reason bomb with no end game then that's wack.

But who knows it was probably just an ATT customer.
Dupty Doo, a term often used in finance to invoke a Fughazi
this is some really good DD. I'm in.
Yup 600m of it, 11$/share
F
Oh he controlled the narrative alright
What?
OP is trying to get people into a paid discord ($3000 lifetime fee).

Letting them know she is a female is not some brave move. We have plenty female members.

It's calculated wording to attract the most attention.
[deleted]
no he lied
$100 is $100
Not bad at all for 6 months out, I paid 1.45 for 3 months out
I never want to share walls with a bunch of animals in my primary residence. Being able to sleep and relax for the rest of my life is more important than a little more money.
i think at some point we all wanted to just call Tank and tell him to upload the entire library into our brains
What about BFT? Huh?
You wanted to bring up smart people professions and you went to finance? 😂
“The digital token controlled by the San Francisco-based company (rhymes with nipple and starts with R), has lost half its value in the last 24 hours, going into free fall after the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) said the token had been illegally marketed to retail customers.”

Hoe Lee Fuk.
Just the way she goes
Jesus fucking Christ. Why not add some yohimbine while you’re at it
Ding. Did exactly this.
Type her name on smash bang . Com yw
Anyone here have some racist asf brother in laws? That shit is annoying as fuck. First time I met him he yelled the n word in our car like smh 🤦
He will be up more by January, as will I. This stock is going to rally very very hard. NIO and Xpeng will never see the 40s again after this next gap up, 50s will be bye bye in January
Don’t buy puts on one of the most dominant companies ever.
Or I could sell, and buy something that hasn't been up yet. Hmm
That was my doing. I wanted to buy the dip
anyone know why hot farts smell the worst? what does this heat have to do with smell? i feel like we need to research this more.
The hype is that there are more shorts than actual shares so if those get called then the value of the stock will go up. Ideally it will be a snowball effect so that some of the bears get rid of their shorts and it starts a chain reaction of it going up, causing the bigger shorters to also give up and so on.
No this is the Wendy's cash register line, that line is out back sir
I can’t afford real estate but I can afford pltr
Your DD’s are awesome and full of confirmation bias for me.  We all wish we saw what DFV saw in gme sooner.   In hindsight I wish I bought gme when news of MBurry bought in 2019.  Patted myself in the back when market crashed, not realizing I was a fool.  If only DFV made more noise, typical nice guy.  Im in it since $13 b4 Q3 and it feels great!
Obviously it depends on what they bomb and if I have puts
Link me 

Bravo six I’m going dark
2.78
Is this more like when one Tesla catches on fire?
1970s Ford Pinto
[deleted]
It's a feature.
Femcel. Ticker FCEL
Right and it’s also I much easier path to sell your readers. That’s why he had to create a “network marketing” company. He’s gotta sell the dream to true retards. 

With that being said Rich Dad is my Bible. The fundamentals are sound, pure and relevant and always will be.
Started reading the $1.4 Trillion spending bill. First highlight. 

BIRD COLLISIONS ON FEDERAL PROPERTY

    Collisions with glass kill up to one billion birds per year 
in the United States.
r/femaledatingstrategy

Edit: these bitches are insane
yeah, short interest is actually HIGHER now by 1 or 2 percent lol
That was the move Friday jack
Taco Bell isn’t spicy enough to give you stomach cramps unless you have some sort of condition.
I’m on mobile, what’s the subreddit?
Better advice on onlyfans, least they actually make money.
No updates from the NIO millionaire.. I think he might have dipped under a milli after this month of flat to red.. Should have sold and paid those taxes and maybe some credit cards.. lmfao.
I’d nut upon the news that it existed
Porsche 911 by Singer, built to spec.
Ban
Fetal autist at work here, so from my 5 minutes of learning and hours of WSB vids watching experts play, do I have this right... “strike” Air Canada at 21$ with a “put” and then watch it fall to let’s say 19$ then I can sell my options and make 3$ for every contract I bought?
but Montley Fool’s Johnny Smith beats the S&P500 Index by 10% last year!!
you don’t buy at ath on days where it’s trading green that’s fundamentally wrong. You are asking yourself to get burned, if you continue to buy options or shares like that losses will occur. There are always more plays out there and you shouldn’t chase.
Is XLE just getting started or topping out about to roll over? I can’t tell and it’s posing me off...explosive move off the bottom, my guess is we go a lot higher from here but I’m not confident.
Do people have no personal responsibility? That’s why the government has to nanny us?
Risky bro the dump was way too much. Honestly it’s about 50% chance they pay off at all and if it does you’ll have to exercise it fast and likely not for gains worth the risk
Started with 15k savings, went down to 1k, then up to 37k and now down to zero. The 1k to 37k took a week and the 37k to zero took 4 days 🤦🏻‍♂️
[deleted]
These dudes look especially like the type that would love to put a hard boner in their mouth
Just like her father
Yeah all in on shares or Leaps seems to be the best long term style. FDs and weeklies are fun for their purpose tho
WHERE IS PLTR MAKE ONE FOR PLTR OR BAN
One day I hope my balls are made of platinum
Pass it on
Makes me wonder what the motive was, or if they accomplished their goal, or if there is more to come.
[deleted]
Nice work chad
Just buy an early 00s Jim Cramer book instead, some of the same lessons but it’s 225 pages of double spaced size 14 font and it’s only about buying Boeing
You’re welcome : https://www.reddit.com/r/options/comments/kk5dxo/do_option_traders_make_steady_income_trading/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf
You’re not fun. Also it accidentally happened
Are we talking about farm animals?
Damn bro you must have done something real bad
That’s what they told me earlier this year lol. By day 7-9 I was so overheated in my bed at night I was getting scared and aborted
Sharing is caring, ya got a deal.
[deleted]
Think I’m buying baba puts on Monday
Stay long b1tc0n
Just buy shares. Thats all you have to do.
Is that a  autobiography?
Man New Order is the best to listen to right now.
LOL
and if it is too
[removed]
Today's Up is Tomorrow's Dip.
Aston martin
I want this to be possible in 50 years
I’d recommend Fidelity over Schwab if you don’t need margin, or IBKR if you do. Schwab seems to be competing with Robinhood for outages recently, whereas Fidelity has been rock solid. IBKR hasn’t been perfect but still better than Schwab (or TD, which is even worse).
[deleted]
First the carrot in chief fucked my calls and now China is coming in hot, just can’t catch a break
No, because there still hasn't been an announcement yet. Op is on some hopium
Santa faps to this
No.  Make your money any way you can in the corrupt market then spend / donate per your ideology.
Stacked EC with DNP to curb the hunger and provide energy. 10/10
Well hey bro if you randomly stop posting we’ll probably have a good idea of what happened
I read short interest is still maxed out and they resorted to buying puts instead to try and drive price down
I talked to my uncle tonight during a Christmas gathering and asked him about his trading journey hoping for insight. Come to find out his trading style is boring af and has held Apple since 2008 and endured the highs and lows and has come out a multi millionaire and still holds to this day. Shares are boring but I guess if you play the long game....
welcome to the club fellow gay bear.
Its market cap is 6b
Revenue growth you dolt not price action. Jacked to the tits with revenue growth is not bearish.
Hahahahaha yessssssss
I need the simulator's name!
Epic
Paying off student loans is probably one of the worst things you can do with that money
[deleted]
Honestly, you really cant put a price on darude. pton to 2k.
[deleted]
get your balance to $420.69
[removed]
Not sure
[deleted]
There was this porn where a 🌈🐻 fucked a dolphin and I almost came
[deleted]
[removed]
Worth af
[deleted]
[deleted]
>  belle dolphin

I googled this and it ain't even a dolphin
Gme wooooooooo
It was not even a margin account. All cash
Bombing is wack.
Lol you’re gonna get yourself banned from there in a day doing that
[deleted]
Instructions unclear, accidentally bought Platinum and Palladium. Good news, I'm up. Bad News, I have somehow become a commodities boomer.
Same. I legit thought that's in was gone til this very moment. It's almost beautiful in it's sadness.i thought i was a fucking idiot and a retard but this takes the cake
[deleted]
I hate it too.. I would shop for food at midnight all the time.  Best time to pickup methheads and welfare moms too.
Swallowed from the mouth and spit it from the ass
Just like the dotbomb

But play along because that's how you make money. Also pray that you are at the desk when market gap down 7%

It's just a game and all veteran traders know it

Flash crash? We all fucked.
[deleted]
Got a Hugh Hefner robe. That’s only half the battle
kid wouldnt have survived a COD4 lobby
Whoever linked the female dating strategy subreddit thank you for giving me a new form of entertainment. Holy shit those bitches are insane, they praise each other when they use men for money but act appalled when a guy tries to use them for sex. Great fucking stuff thank you seriously I’m going to be shitting on those feminazis for months to come. Merry Xmas to me
Link
Right, you’re going to need gas or something eventually
Thanks
Send it to me, I'll PM you my info
What kind of yacht are you buying ?
Was G123456789 taken?
I have a negative 5k balance in my account. Those fuckers at robinhood risk department are a joke. I sold  iron condors one day because i was getting more credit than the width of the spread. Those fuckers blocked my account the next day and started buying the spreads for more than what i sold for. creating a 7k deficit. When I complained they gave me a 2k credit. No explanation no reason. That account still sits at negative 5k. I will absolutely never pay them no matter what.
Tesla semi
[deleted]
I’m biased towards BYND, but I still invest in companies like RTX and MCD, so not really.
Less steel production. This is good for prices.


"Marie Verdun, a spokesperson for ArcelorMittal Dofasco, said the fire was a result of a "slag pit eruption."

"At approximately 11:10 a.m. a slag pit eruption occurred at the No. 4 Blast Furnace. Thankfully there are no injuries. However the event caused a significant air emission. Ministry of Environment, Conservation and Parks have been alerted," the statement reads.

Verdun said there were "a series of eruptions that occurred during the Slag Casting process – when slag and molten iron from the Blast Furnace are separated and the slag is cast."

She said "In this case liquid slag / iron came into contact with moisture which caused the eruptions."

Verdun said "The reaction was between water and primarily liquid iron and would have been comprised of mostly iron, iron oxide and water vapour, as well as silica, calcium, magnesium, carbon dioxide, and carbon monoxide." 

Verdun said ArcelorMittal did attend the scene and the site is now secure."
Retard God level met.
What about people who bomb shit on other days?
***but this time.. this time it really might be different*** *gay bear philosophy*
My hands are so paper high schoolers are writing essays on them.
lmao did some research, didn’t even know that was a possible strategy. pretty interesting actually
Would it be too late to get in?
[removed]
Ban
Time for a DNP cut on new year to trim some stomach fluff, abs getting sloppy. Did it earlier this summer (like a dumb ass. Heat was unbearable) and lost 13 lbs in 9 days without a calorie deficit. Got shredded as fuck 

Would not recommend use if you don’t know what you’re doing. You can die.
You can say the same shit about the real estate market.. or any market for that matter. Real estate is just the lowest volatility asset class around.. people feel comfortable holding low volatility assets. It really just boils down to personal risk tolerance. Big part of the population just can't stomach the volatility/drawdown.
Combined company will be a MBA hatchery. Good for stocks but bad for Elon’s goal - From what he says.
he swallowed and then spit out the mouth wash.
It’s flat my good sir
Wanted to buy into ssp k but it is now at about 1.85 bil. Yelp is 2 bil and it has so many resaurents ans bars..
[deleted]
How many times banned.
Any stock worth owning is at ATH right now dude. I usually don't like to buy ATH either but these past few months has made that impossible. If somethings not at ATH at this point there's something fundamentally wrong with it
Man, teach me instead
Don’t know who she is but I will watch the porno
Gay ban
Beauty and the Beast
[deleted]
Lmfao
Emphasis on the .02 remaining.
Yes they are, even with puts your losses are capped at 100% of what you paid. He went negative because he was leveraged to the eye balls using a glitch.
The Big Short
Because you did a racism
I mowed hundreds of yards and stained like 5 decks. Never really spent much money.
OP never said she was a child. Anna is actually 36.
This is what happens after the strip clubs have been closed for 9 months
ARK’s, NET, PINS, MELI, PBW, ICLN, TAN, QQQJ
This right here is what makes this the best sub ever 🚀 🚀 🚀
Double down
Also during, but that's on their onlyfans
It’s Katee, not Katie...damn auto correct.
I might just go gay bear on this...
Maybe China should do an antitrust probe on themselves...
Rolls Royce Phantom
Mercedes AMG GT
Ty
's all good when its within your Personal Risk Tolerance^TM
Sometimes I play around with that shit hoping one day it goes through. Even though I’m broke.
[deleted]
is he that stupid or does he fake it ? ive only seen the talk with Elon
[deleted]
Pagani Huayra

Designer Build with AMG V12 engine. Absolutely Perfect.
Range Rover Sport
What were the premiums like on that, pretty far out - should print
Does this include humping flight attendants and calling the captain the n word?
Shit. I never thought about using margins before but now that I think of it, you’re fucking correct.

Question: So if I have 100,000 and I use margin thus giving my buying power 200,000. How much % does the stock drop before a margin call? Also does the interest deduct monthly or once after you sold the stock.

also if i have ira (normal cash acc) and margin account under the same login, does the stock in ira account count as collateral??

thanks, sorry i’ve never tried margin b4.
[deleted]
Tried to. Couldn’t even find anything on her.
Is it still a buy?
Nikola Badger
Weird, they must not have google in the UK either.
Best I can do... 🎄.5️⃣0️⃣
[deleted]
How do you know 2 board members are scheduled to retire?
Fake. If he was from this sub he would be standing in front of the mortar
TIL...thanks bro.
If PLTR hits $280 by 1 October 2021 I will buy you that Buffett Buy The Fkn Dip sweater in time for Christmas or ban.
Not high enough, needs 99.5%
Clean energy FTW
Theyre both good plays in my opinion. Not massive differences. MARA is in Canada and RIOT is in CO, USA. 

They both mine a shit ton of *crippto* and both just upgraded the fuck out of their hardware.
Yeah cause your account doesn’t give a warning first, so it’s more fatal
How do you know what options to play?
Dude I hope he just gets banned smh
I’m Gucci then
I’m not. But I’m fully expecting others to.
Yup. If it isn't economically / scientifically feasible yet, that's where the money is.
I'll take that gamble.  $40 sp gets me to 100k.
lol Betting against Apple

He deserved it, he still deserves it
Second choice for me. Lovely car
That's the spirit!!!
Calls expiring way in the future instead of the usual degen weeklies we buy around here.
I’m no visionary, I’m just betting on RC while excitedly and anxiously await his action.
Who’s belle?
Squeeze GME
Still not too late
Poor dad finally got revenge on that mother fucker.
I’ve gone back to her many times...this pink hair bitch wouldn’t even get me hard if I saw her in person. But to each their own...
OSRS got me into investing one hundo p
[removed]
Me with my PLTR 40c 12/31 calls since Thanksgiving
Dude, I'm all aboard the #SOYBgang2021  


Edit: pronounced Soyboy Gang 2021
I think you should short it. Short the ever living life out of it. Go to war with us retards(:
[deleted]
[deleted]
He probably wouldve been better off to just take out a fraudulent car loan and put it on black lol
McLaren F1
As it should be.
Look her up...one of the earliest to do her own “only fans” a decade before only fans.
Damn we wanted the stock to explode not the factory....
he's too busy mowing his lawn to think about that
Great not
Don’t post gay shit like this and lose your money instead
Mercedes AMG GTR
You don’t need to actually do much work there though
Both, and usually means some wild sex. A girl on my softball team had a nose ring and tons of tats. We had a one night stand and we almost ran out of things to do and holes to use. :0
[deleted]
Paywall, please post TL;DR
Edit- Title is TLDR. Past info mostly. Thanks to whoever suggested hit ‘X’ right after click.
Pre order like PS5? Nice
Mercedes 6x6
How many strikes. Some of us did hard time on the first strike.
[deleted]
Number of offenses
Idk but if it’s manipulated just be on the right side. Free money
SO EZ
Since his gf will be busy with her boyfriend, I doubt his body will be doing any fucking
You can bet your life on it that he owns stocks.

What is written is to sell the book through word of mouth
[deleted]
PLTR and GME rise
EV/ Green energy,genomic therapy, fin tech all the plays for this year
I will be messaging you in 2 months on [**2021-02-26 06:09:36 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2021-02-26%2006:09:36%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://np.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kiw8ke/amzn_yuge_breakout_dont_miss_out/gh1wqmv/?context=3)

[**1 OTHERS CLICKED THIS LINK**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fkiw8ke%2Famzn_yuge_breakout_dont_miss_out%2Fgh1wqmv%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202021-02-26%2006%3A09%3A36%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%20kiw8ke)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|
Because it is.  Just check out OP’s OnlyFans.
Help me dunk my ballz in champagne
You gonna share some of your tendies?
[removed]
1956 Jaguar XK140
Prison tat decoding:

date of ban: YYMMDD

Then length of ban

And then ???
Looks like a nice bull flag and coil for greatness
NAV is $20 so there is some risk but it’s limited to 20% or so. You could find lower risk parking it in other SPACs near $10 but I’m betting on Ackman landing something decent.
People can’t have similar usernames? 🙄
What do I get if I show you mine?
Robert Kiyosaki doesn’t recommend stock market because it’s pure manipulation. What made him think of that?
You’re a creep and probably a pedo as well
If you don’t get your money back here you’re guaranteed to lose it.  Why go anywhere else?
Honestly let’s keep the momentum going.. what’s on your plate tomorrow
Lmao did you do all this research just to post a Soyboy meme? Based. Merry Christmas homie
I hope they at least pass the 600 Monday.
Right? I feel like I just had a revelation. It all makes sense now.... the only valuable thing in the stock market right now is the unknown, because we priced the hell out of everything else. 

EDIT: 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
NIO day comin up gotta keep people reminded of course. But I really do want one of their cars I wish I could get one
exactly. They can’t report or hurt your credit score. They probably will do what this guy just said.
Don't act like you don't wonder the same thing.
u/PlaneIntroduction8 and I were twins separated at birth, and r/wallstreetbets reunited us.
I am dyi
You just replied to yourself. Kind of weird. next time you make an alt to agree with yourself might want to make the name different.

Also if a girl is 21, shes not underage, so how is it attracted to underage girls exactly?
Forreal though what’s DD?
Your portfolio has created a perfect cup and handle... id buy calls immediately!!!
That’s the same code for DD. Except this is single D
You can't get around a basic paywall? Just hit X before it loads.
 M Y. P E R S O N A L. R I S K. T O L E R A N C E
Appreciate it. Will definitely take a look.  I have been researching, but at the same time am trying not not to have an opportunity cost with missing out on a potential stock I feel confident in. 

Thanks again for the help.
R34 nur edition in millennium jade
[deleted]
She's mine dude, hands off.
[deleted]
I can believe Chamath is totally a member of WSB
[deleted]
I hate that Walmart isn't open 24/7 because of covid. Going people watching at the hood Walmart at 3 am was my favorite hobby.
2001 Honda Civic
The spaceship
[deleted]
I think corona isn’t a corporate invention, but it would be stupid on the part of big money to let a crisis go to waste
Everything is so price in already that we are pricing in the unknown in biotechs lol

Seriously though? We are just here to fuck the 🌈🐻 up
Ugh 😔I’m getting there as well
An older Jeep wrangler
cha-muthafukn-ching!
Can't read what it says and article is dated 2013
Proof or ban
Dude I don't care what anyone says about 2020. The posts on this sub have been fucking fire the entire year. We're the support level that stops reddit from going bankrupt.
*North Korea has entered the chat *
[deleted]
 UPDATE December 25, 2020 6:05 p.m.  


The incident was a series of eruptions that occurred during the Slag Casting process – when slag and molten iron from the Blast Furnace are separated and the slag is cast. In this case liquid slag / iron came into contact with moisture which caused the eruptions. (The Blast Furnace produces liquid iron used in steelmaking. Slag, a byproduct, is cast, then pelletized and used in aggregate applications).

&#x200B;

[https://blog.arcelormittal.com/canada/2020/12/25/notice-of-incident-2/](https://blog.arcelormittal.com/canada/2020/12/25/notice-of-incident-2/)
Spoken like a true believer 🙏
She is
I love Porsche 912’s and the new-ish 911’s
Fucking merry Christmas. Nashville bomb fucked my internet. Completely off grid for 7.5 hrs. Now 1-2 bars of LTE is all I have. I live more than 150 miles from Nashville.

Not trying to be a debby downer. Actually was a good Christmas with the fam. But man do I hate people who bomb shit on Christmas.
That is u/controlthenarrative
THCBW. 11.50c strike price that expire in 1 year after their ticker changes
Nissan GTR
Nahhhhhh 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣😭😭😭😭😭
You made money off Tesla? No way..
I think he’s probably moving the puts up to January because there’s likely to be a rally in light of good earnings. If the stock rallies and then dumps because they keep buying puts, retail may be more pressed to take profits and rotate out because they effectively suppressed the SP.
Audi R8
🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀BAN🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Unless you are perfectly healthy right now, you will likely die before age 80. That's the truth
[deleted]
Keep your hand off my shmekel
Ready for blastoff q1 21
‘69 Camaro, black.
Jet ski with wings
[deleted]
Ahhh. Old Faithful. I miss your NIO pumps. 😘
If I bought into TSLA or bought to open leaps every time it was declared overvalued and/or after a massive spike up, I'd be into 8 figures.  Stonks are cheapest yesterday.
I’m not sure the deep state is that smart, but the ramifications are the same whether or not these lockdowns were intentional.
BABA apparently, down 86% on calls
Challenge accepted!
#GUH
How does a high school have this sort of cash?
Thcb and thcbw
My niqqa, what you think these last days were if not a short squeeze lol
I wasn't brilliant enough to sense the risk/reward opportunity of the deep OTM Jan21s like he did in August 2019. I grabbed several dozen $4C & $5C, which was also a YOLO-like level of capital for me in my Roth IRA at the time. So what he's seen is just truly incredible. I only wish I had been on WSB at the time and been able to be made aware of his genius.
Koenigsegg Agera RS
Inject that SPY gap up on Monday into my veins
You know what those are called
I've got a few 25c 6/18
Toyota prius. I have one already so obviously I can have it
Wait a minute, is Robinhood giving out snowflake stocks to anyone who had losses ??
It’s been *yeeeaarrrsss*
if you see a three or four letter acronym on an investing sub it's probably a ticker
Do you and the guy above fly planes together?
I know you said you always buy shares, but in the event of a GME MOASS event, would you buy some FD’s for us and post gain porn? 

None of that soft core gain porn like you post now. I want to see some real Jerk chicken tendies. The kind that gets the crowd going.
Huh?? Please leave
You can sell anytime you want - in your previous example you purchased April Calls. If the stock goes up the price of the call will go up. You could have a profit even if it doesn't reach your strike price.
If you have time take a look at these two you tube channels - they will help you out.
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCDVgFZJA_pRkPur21jUhRBA - Good Strategies
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCYifCe4xa3QeJ47O8InAsZQ - Basics

You can do this!
Lmao, at 50 you are only half way through your life. (Or still have several decades). Once you can’t work anymore, and no one wants to take care of you, you will be glad you didn’t give it all away. Obviously don’t hoard a billion dollars, but a million or so (or adjust for cost of living + bucket list) and you can just coast.
Any NIO vehicle once they release that 1000 mile battery
Lord forgive me for what I’m bout to do...
That book is a bit dated in all honesty, they consider 75/25 stock to bonds an “enterprising investor”.
U/savevideo
I'm thinking it was options or options then shares.. those downward spikes at the beginning of the chart are most likely not due to shares.. One big spike down could have been the VID but several spaced out over months doesn't make too much sense.
Make it 69,420 and we gucci
Is a DD similar to a PP?
Crm 2/19 250C and 3/19 240C CRSR 5/21 30 and 40C diamond holding
It blows my mind that I've been reading "buy the dip" and "stocks only go up" but I never realized the inherent contradiction. 10/10 post.
Have you watched something like IP Man? You might like it.
Audi TT Roadster
if you eat doritos and never lift maybe, I plan to be in top shape at 50
[removed]
the cheech and chong van made outta weed
MARA to the moon bb. Long hold, or short call into mid jan!!
thats why im cashin out this ira early
Sorry :(
Don't disrespect Cathie like that
Am I the only one who wants to interview this kid and ask so many fucking questions?
Who is upvoting this cringe?
I hope its a market overreaction. 240c 01/08/2021.
I'm a recovering addict (4 years sober booze and drugs) and needed something to take up my time. I found a funny meme post about Tesla and started looking around here and found it funny. Then I started making pics but not investing money. Then i took 2k and invested in PLTR and BE and made 500$.

Now I keep doing that for fun. I use 2k, make it into 2.5k, withdraw it all and start again. It's great discipline practice and I was able to buy a sweet pair of boots! Next profit withdrawal will go toward new golf clubs.
[deleted]
Covered the fight choreo too. IP Man is better in every way.
Agreed but it’s worth it and sometimes that crazy shit gets me chubbed up ngl
Any reason one is better than the other?
If he's lucky. He'll get the $2000 stimulus and turn it into $60
Can still lose 4 million shorting 0dte ;)
Not quite
If you could have any car in the world, what would be it? No simp shit.
[removed]
When a chick has like a small diamond stud, its all good

She got a septum bull ring? Im staying away
Would you say having margin in psth is good? I m looking to apply for margin but only use it on psth since its low risk
Blood green
Great DD, gonna buy 69k worth of shares Monday morning.
Cause she’s into big dicks
This guy fucks
[deleted]
Wallstreet in UK. Nice.
What I've never understood from this clip is why he was so surprised at the loss. It literally says that AAPL was up 1.62% pre market. Any options calculator would show him being at a massive loss at open, and just how big of crash he needed to actually make money.
you're in the wrong sub to be giving that advice. I'm a hardened veteran of this town. *Just being completely serious, never once have I put money in that I can't afford to lose.* rule 1 of having fun with options.
[removed]
Calls on random length lumber? You son of a bitch I'm in! I don't care it just hit an all time high.
Why did I think she was a milf
remov paywall
[deleted]
Great movie
So since I’m retarded and new to economics tf is a call, can’t I just buy the stock?
Honestly, I know that you shouldn’t just accept everything they are saying there, but I was going through some posts and comments and you really don’t see how awful some guys are to girls because they don’t do it to other guys. Plus there are some things I would like to try with my wife to smooth some things over. There are plenty of chuckles to be had but don’t pass an opportunity to help yourself and your wife/girlfriend (or help you to get one).
what quote?
Congrats on the long play and diamond hands!!! Merry Christmas/happy holidays and “a happy new year you filthy animal.”
I really hope this squeezes and blows up the entire fund to the tune of billions. Class A piece of shit.
It depends...what kind of nose ring? Small stud on the side? Hoop? Septum?

Is it paired with any kind of neon hair color? 

How many ear piercings does she have?

What is her aesthetic with clothes?

You’re asking us to provide a full body diagnosis off one symptom
Probably but are the calls still safe? I bet it's red when the market opens next week
Priced in
1. Write 10 articles about 10 stocks that will 10x over the next few years.
2. delete 9/10 that didn’t happen.
3. use that 1/10 to keep selling your service.

Everyone of their ads talking about how they recommended Amazon 362946 years ago.

 Btw I’m also selling a “Stock Horoscope” service.

PayPal me $20 a month for my picks. You won’t wanna miss what the stars said about our third pick!
Mandatory. Do you own research.
Is it safe to assume that most stocks are already priced in for 2021, and new tech is still popping off specifically BECAUSE it's not viable yet (i.e. investors are eager to set prices for 2022) ----?? Like PAVE (the US infrastructure ETF) has been at a 5 year high since November. That's insane. Surely nothing can rise anymore unless it's looking forward to 2022 or '23. Right??
We fuck bitches everyday, thats where all the gains go you stupid.
Wow these are all stories of people losing money lmao
[removed]
Anybody else try the same day delivery from GameStop? It's actually pretty dope. Spend $60 (the cost of a new game) and get free delivery from a Postmates driver in like an hour lol
*stray to yail*
They deserve negative monies.
" this is not investment advice"
I’ve never heard of a belle dolphin. Sea animals are doing porn now?
It's not laziness, but rather retardation of shit tier developers.
I won't be able to sleep at night with that mess.

Hopefully their server validation is better
Why did I think Cathie Wood was asian
 Nah
Fuck the dip. Sell at the casserole.
I personally don’t put my money in stuff I don’t believe has quality
Most if not ALL of the aids bills that were proposed included arbitrary funds towards unnecessary electives, causes, allies and projects....same with this current stimulus bill and the Omnibus bill as well. 
In most of the bills that even attempted to hit the floor, Green House Projects, Welfare Aid & Healthcare for refugees and immigrants (illegal aliens), Monetary gifts to the new crowned Prince of Saudia Arabia (which we've been giving millions as gifts since his coronation, hence why he made a global post that he'll ONLY sale & trade his oil in USD. It's been kept quiet, but we went over to him and his oil fields last year and been trying to keep things hush hush), rejoining NATO with basically an apologetic money offering....these were ALL in the 100mils and billions, while the American citizens weren't even mentioned most of the time. 

You can look up almost all bill proposals online. It was the Republicans that were actually trying to get something strictly for the American people. Yes, they wanted to cut the food stamps and unemployment extension benefits,  which honestly would be the correct thing to do. Most individuals can return back to work, but refuse to do so because they receive FAR MORE from state & government welfare. 
And people got angry when the eviction restrictions were temporarily lifted, but what people fail to realize is that individuals are being evicted....then they were already being evicted before the pandemic took full affect. 

Nevertheless, the Dems are to blame for a massive portion of this, but my Republicans started to become petty towards the end slowly sliding in militarily defense & weapons funds, etc....which is why in this stimulus you see things that BOTH the Dems & Repubs are favored too. 

As much as I like Trump and support him....he's right $600 is a slap in the face to the American people! I actually do agree with him being against Sec203
BUT....because I like Trump and I've been researching this man and studying him since I was a child....he's being both petty & vengeful. He's firing back at Mitch McConnell, Facebook, Twitter and anyone that didn't show total loyalty and commitment to him. So he's theoretically "killing 2 birds with 1 stone". 

Also, I can't stand Pelosi!
boomers investment instinct : buy tech that was invented before you were born.
The original onlyfans
[deleted]
I might just lay down the hammer and increase the bid by like $300 😂 gotta assert my dominance on these clowns
are you just now realizing the deck is stacked?
Just shut up man
This penny stock is going to $0.
No NIO pump? Who are you?!
>PLTR getting slept on I swear

True, only 90% of the posts are about it. Should be 99%.
How spy looking for Monday and next week
Does anyone else understand that Nikola is just a hydrogen sales company? The prototypes are built by Bosch (and other OEMs), a real company woth very smart people working for them.

Bosch has the hydrogen technology but never did anything sith it because hydrogen is too expensive. They also have the electric motos and control techologies.

These aren't Nikola trucks, they are Bosch trucks.
$BTWN (Peter Thiel spac)
I wish some 2000s baby would ask what song this is, so for the first time ever I could say Darude - Sandstorm and fucking mean it
[deleted]
BYND
He’ll be fine, that sigh of breath will keep him stress free.
I have 22k in spy 380P 2/21
Who tf is that
I'm with this guy about the class thing. Not the fart thing!
I almost done the same thing and glad i didnt. Wouldve cost me
Anyone has a good resolution "Buy the fucking dip" image with Buffet's photo.

I need to make a T-Shirt.
She was building up to her only fans pretty well. This was inevitable but too soon. But she skipped like 50 steps or so. Its like watching LOTR 1 and 3. She missed out on selling 2. 

Well now its on to onlyfans
[deleted]
LEMONADE the first honest company $LMND
Who is that guy? 🤔
Someone needs to "Shooting Stars" this.
"BUY" on the front

"Sell! Sell! Sell!" on the back
Seen it alllll
Does being vegan affect your stock picks?
[deleted]
He probably thinks of govt is shut down then the senate can’t formally accept the electoral college votes.
3/19 25c
Oh shit I meant 140 but yeah.... unreal
If I weren't broke, I would pay good money for your services
Never be ashamed of jacking your dick

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eZRkZmQMXRw](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eZRkZmQMXRw)
This also worries me about them moving up their puts to January. He has something up his sleeve. It will take intense buying to smoke him out imo
A shit ton of countries
[deleted]
Imagine the greenest of green dildos. Spending four and a half fucking days without buying something?!

All.. the.. pent.. up.. bull.. power

RELEASED

📈
Damn bro went and gilded everyone and even a comment I left a month ago in his other update thread.

True baller.

Honestly grats to OP. From his initial 100k bet that felt like eons ago, to when it went south (-40k? i think?) and him diamond handing his thesis thru a fucking global pandemic.

I've had some pretty solid investments, but those shit took fucking 8-10 years to pan out. We really are living in an interesting timeline for the market, IMO.
If you haven't watched "Spotlight", I highly recommend.
A Disney princess
I know immediately you have the most basic opinions in the world
that belle delphine porn ain't even that bad man yall trippin. didn't beat tho
VNE, JPM, TSM, ICLN, PLTR
"to the moon!"
[removed]
Can someone explain why they think GME will moon? GME looks like the best stock to short rn.
You forgot to mention being psycho bitches. I say this as a Latino
A man of culture 🥂
Why do you think it was a shit career move?
Why?

Edit: Yikes
Both. Hot af tho when paired with silver blonde hair type look
BAN
Is this not how you guys do it?
[deleted]
Any idea why the movement this week was so weird? Shot up to 231 -> 233 PM the next day then plummeted on Wednesday and Thursday. Idk how technical shit works but what is your interpretation?
13 piece tendie and a cum shot according to his post...
Sorry guy....that's not even true. I'm not a Nikola fan, but they actually had real trucks, they just don't work.
Right. I just think this sub confuses being “pragmatic” with being “bearish.”
Attention
[removed]
[deleted]
Democrats wanted $1200

Republicans wanted $0

They agreed on $600

Trump (hearing Biden was going to do a big stimulus right away) says $2000

Democrats say let's do it!

Republicans are pissed off at Trump.

**No agreement will come out on Monday, but whether market already knows that is unknown**
Wtf is this. Ban this guy
Thats a security feature.
This is the correct answer.
[deleted]
That sounds like a ban gamble right there
Super impressed
Textbook W formation. Gratz brotha
Lol I know it isn’t getting “slept” on was a bad choice of words. I’m just saying there’s more going on than it seems when they announce these contracts
A young boy that got fucked in the ass by a teddy bear
See I think peloton might be a good model because all these lazy fat fucks are gonna buy it thinking it’s expensive it must work and get their subscription then when it turns out they have a problem with self control and not their equipment they’ll give up. But, for the same reasons, no way in hell they remember to cancel their subscription.
"They'll shoot your eye out kid"
Dis is Da way.
Both
Guy is like “I’m attracted to underage girls, but they’re over 18, so it’s completely cool”
I always thought most of you were yolo’ing daddy’s money and now I’m sure of it.
it’s a 32 bit integer with 82 0’s following 

🧠 
I hope your stonks go up though
“Opinions are my own”

“He/Her/They”



🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮
But how?!!?!!! Where do you learn to do this ? Can you teach me your ways ? Tips and tricks anyone pleaseeeee
Top is in ! Finally
Lol and you’re the guy who never jacks off right? 🤡
YOLO ARKK and ARKG. 

BABA if you have balls.
Mods don’t get paid my man
🥭 shutting down the government on his way out just to fuck with us
Then Lindsey how about doing something about it?
GME for this Friday. Whichever you feel comfortable with or retarded enough for it.
President xi in drag
As someone with 2.7 Mega-Deca-Quattro-Hecta-Quantillion dollars.

Not true.
does nose ring mean daddy issues or basic bitch?

or both?
Retards can't do math so well.. **more like 100K fam**.
Pay the rent you owe to your parents.
>what kinda stocks u trade? show us history?
Lmao I gotta research that it’s a good point I dunno was anyone even hurt? Damn maybe was a weird hit?? What are your theories?
Literally LOL
Now thats how you shower yourself with knowledge.
Why is she banging some loser
Reported him for "pump and dump"
WSB: BABA you blew up my account and now i suck dick behind a Wendy's!

BABA: What can I say except YOU'RE WELCOME?
Have fun brother
Yolos are all good and fun just don't put your whole account on them.  Or Atleast diversify them.
Fun fact, if you keep adding digits the app actually crashes every time.

Robinhood if you’re reading.

[EstimatedCredit] <= [Stock].[marketCap]
Well that's like your opinion man.
Show me your box
Hahaha, gyms won’t be open.
its hard to find right now. go search belle define reddit and you'll find it but its being nuked on every platform possible. After PH went nuclear the only shit you find their is oiled up milf step sister shit
I have 25 shares of $MT - because my order for 5000 was not completed on Christmas Eve. Fucking miracle type stuff there
Awesome. It's all over the internet, had no idea it was from wsb. I'm that much more proud to be a part of the community
[removed]
Buy calls pussy
I bet none of you could match that energy- crack or not.

That's impressive.
[deleted]
Damn so I guess steel gang gonna have to sit down for a minute
Who the fuck is Bell whomever?
This man just left college and has people fighting over each other to spend $240 a card he scribbled on

I should have kept playing football man shit
Guh
At some point, someone will have to stop and say, oh wait a sec, we could dump this money into literally anything else and make profit in the bullest market of the past 2 decades? Naaah, let's buy more puts
Link it
He can buy, he can’t just sell
It's not illegal. It's perfectly normal. There are large owners that may be willing to sell at a given price. If you are a large buyer, it would be foolish to try to buy it all at the market when you can negotiate a private sale at an agreed upon price.
Mia malkova
Facts just gotta fill out that 8949 and schedule D
i live 20 minutes from here 😎
Only ogs call it VTIQ
lol “we” 
only noobs use RH
Lol
Please
You know that CEO in The Accountant that hires a mercenary to protect his cowardly, corrupt ass?

I’m betting that’s how Milton lives... rich, but constantly in fear, and paying people to protect him. It’s not just his fanboys that he conned.
Dont tell me about risk until you tried shitting while standing up
The universe***
Market crash coming
Boomer media here in Europe are already talking like it is a done deal.  I guess it will turn ugly red for the broader market if the vote fails on Monday.
❤️
Sklz to 600 monday
Puts on BA?
You haven’t been around here very long have you
[deleted]
I'm just imagining if your GF saw this comment
You only lose money when you sell, you fucking retarded nancyboy.
Gonna ass blast my chick tomorrow now just to prove a point
Yup. Everyone I talked to with terrible finances kept/got their clearance.  Now we know why... adjudicators think $10,000+ in debt isn’t a security concern😂
So you don’t think it will dip that low again for awhile?
peoples housing were shaking
Katie Owen / Katie Life has aged and is infinitely hotter. Tits on her are magnificent....

And she is just one of many beautiful women that comes to mind who have yet to be railed on camera.
Yeah maybe you’re doing something wrong and shouldn’t be fucking around with options 

Just a thought
Fuck yeah brother
Holy shit retard, you’ve got more credit with RH than bezos and Elon are worth combined, congrats
DFV is our king and leader.  You are one of our great strategic generals.
Ban
Wild Pokémon
it was kinda a shit career move. real 0 to 100 but instead she fucking crashed into a safety barrier at 90 because she doesn't know how to drive
Darkwing duck
Good bot.
What about X calls ?
I want to see a version where when she helicopters her hair then she flies off the bike.
BAN BAN BAN

Picked mine up a week ago (18th).

22 Jan 22 140c, 17 Jun 22 150c, 20 Jan 23 160c. 2 of each cause I was feeling baller.
Noted. Thanks man
No it's not lol...
Is it in PH?
Boobies.
Why my mans title so long? Dudes been in school so long he’s probably got 6 months work experience
Damn vol must have spiked like crazy recently or something that’s a great leap return on a ~13% underlying move
I think a French dolphin
Supposedly makes it considerably cooler and sweat doesn't just fester, even better than shaving your ass (unless you have it waxed). I haven't done it though, and ive heard bad experiences with laser so im not sure
A Confederacy of Dunces?
They make flamin hot funyuns now . That means whatever the DD is the stock will be on fire .
You seem like a weird motherfucker. I like you. Good......tidings to you then. Hope you don’t have some weird ass vendetta against fucking tidings.
Not bearish at all, actually.
Is she BI or a lesbian? Because if you are saying I have a chance to smash...
👍
Interesting. Any specific reason you decided to use that stat for a sell point?
[removed]
HEY YOU, YA YOU! Boy have I got a bear play for you!!!! Come on down to SFIX puts today and lock in a great ONE WAY TRIP TO TENDIE TOWNS TODAY.
in all seriousness, just look at that graph and you'll understand why...
It's outlining how what is happening now had actually happened like every 15 years and gives a bunch of examples of stocks in the 50s, 70s, and 90s that eventually lost 50% - 90% of their value. They were darlings at the time, and not nearly as overvalued as we see today, but you would hardly remember them now, because guessing long term winners on speculative investments is a suckers game
Me with SPACs
That is not young jeezy
[deleted]
How long before Belle sells out to a professional studio and is getting gang banged and her holes wrecked?
The government just paid their entire payroll, and might do it again.
[deleted]
Hallelujah
The words... so... hard....
American venom is the best video game song I’ve ever heard in my LIFE. I had chills when that started
Lazy developers lol
I was so disappointed I couldn't even finish
That would actually be live as fuck tho
It’s an expanding triangle. Looks ready to pop.
PERSONAL. 

RISK.

TOLERANCE.
Anal is standard now. Would be a shame if she didn't do it.
merry christmas retards
48 hydrogen pumps in ENTIRE USA!  
For NKLA to shine they need to build both car and infrastructure.
*Same here*
How many days you been reading it?
[deleted]
Are you really simping on wsb
Latinas are the way to go, hot as hell and the food is crazy bomb around Christmas
OJ Simpson
PLTR getting slept on I swear. They are shitting out contracts left and right. But what we aren’t seeing is the MILLIONS of dollars in contract revenue that are private. They cater to government organizations/contractors the vast majority of those entities don’t want anyone to know what they are doing or why so they can get an edge.
Good old days:)
Yeah same.. it’s getting business from everywhere
I need more tits like this in PTON. They are missing out on a big market.
I think it will print but the car will suck and aapl is fucking lame
(Had to delete and repost because apparently the pressure unit mega pascal is a banned ticker smh)

Why the fuck are you talking about screwdrivers lol? I used the example of printing shit for a space mission crew to highlight Flexibility. would be willing to bet a 3D printed screwdriver would work anyways (with a shorter lifetime of course) but won’t say I know it for sure without looking up the shear strength of PC or the torque involved in driving your typical fastener. Do you know it for sure or are you guessing? 

but you can 3D print air intake manifolds and prosthetic limb fittings. You can 3D print complex contoured surfaces that would be a pain in the ass to make on a 5 axis mill. Tensile strength of polycarbonate (extruded) is 50 M.P. A while that of ASTM A36 (common structural steel) is 400 so yes it’s a fraction of the strength but no one is proposing that we 3D print skyscrapers. A polycarbonate hook that’s a few inches in length and less than that in thickness could still bear 1-2 hundreds of pounds of load. And once again, the primary application is RAPID PROTOTYPING. Not high volume production. But we can argue the point as you stated it.

You say you’re frustrated by idiots shilling 3D printing with no knowledge of fabrication or metallurgy. To me it sounds like you have little knowledge on those topics yourself. You haven’t said much besides your apparently quite intense frustration about media hype (which is valid but not relevant to the actual science) lol. If you have counterpoints based on the actual science let’s discuss it, otherwise let’s agree to disagree
ATAC,AJAX and CNDU. Thank me later
What season of Below Deck is this?
It's a waste of money, better spend that on some hooker or something...
SEP
CeeDee Lamb Rookie Autograph 😎
[deleted]
This is some solid fucking DD.
$SLV gang
I have had some success with them but you need to do some dd in addition to the picks they give you. Like anyone advising, they have some winners and some looser but overall I have been happy with them...what I have found is the usually find the stocks that have already  ballooned  up so if you want to have a quick win they are usually a little late to the party.
Oh yea I’ll totally follow someone’s advice who lost 83% in the biggest bull market of all time............
Oh wait lol nvm I was reading this wrong. 10bn market cap with a squeeze is more likely. So yea like $155
Not college, but places.
I bought 24c 1/8 a while ago, probably should’ve waited. Anyway $MT Everest 🚀🚀🚀
That sub is unreal. At least half of the users on there are <1 month old shill accounts
Whats the card?
You lost over 150k, and its been a great year?
Haha it’s not even about the card anymore
"Not expecting anal"  first time that's been posted on wsb.  On wsb everyone always expects anal, just in different ways.
Current market cap is $52B. It ain’t gonna go ‘boom’ anymore.
Jess King has a fucking perfect rack.
[deleted]
Lol I've literally done that, where I would lose a few bids in a row and just be like "Fuck it I'm not losing this one no matter what"
I second this
Peter Schiff! (Just google him. Guy is a legend in finance)

And I started studying stocks with Tim Sykes circa 2010 & then evolved into my own version of trading from there- - but the gain train didn’t show up until this year.
Last thing i need is luck.  Last thing i want is luck.
Still think it’s got room to grow?
Yeah she fucked up big time. Worst part is she didn’t even cash in on the porn, it was released via her OF so she didn’t even catch another bag for it. She was literally edging her audience indefinitely and just blew their collective load in the most underwhelming way possible. Now there’s no difference between her and any other pornstar except they’re actually good at fucking
Appreciate your dedication all year to make this happen just for a wholesome Christmas post.
Keep the change
she is a 9000 year old vampire bruh

she just LOOKS 13

smh
He said $30+ Jan or feb
Reliance essentially. Same reason roe v wade won’t be overruled.
I HEAR what you’re saying
My condolences to you and your family.
Any courthouse or police department^sarcasm       

^schwab ^is  ^best
Congrats, just wanted to let you know that because of you I’m practically almost all in as well 🚀🚀
Omfg... so many things wrong about this post. Electric Boogaloo can't be used for first time. Economics has very little to do with stocks, this coming from an econmist who works at a bank. Also, the general level of retardation in this post is too damn high.
I just went over there and fuck me... those people are more delusional then I ever imagined 🤣
[deleted]
Time to smoke a joint
Good luck. GTA revenue has been going strong for 7 straight years and NBA 2K it's a best seller year round
Srsly why is this not a thing yet

There is a huge demographic of people who never leave their mom's basement yet desperately need to exercise
Calling all 🐢🐢🐢 gang HEAR goin to $35 soon


https://finance.yahoo.com/news/turtle-beach-corporations-nasdaq-hear-082502799.html
Merry Christmas 🥲
Shes 21
PLTR hovered below 10 for a while before skyrocketing... give this one some time...
imagine if you had asmuch capital in it as you initially invested in whatever assets you had left at the deepest dip.. you would be on fucking pluto right now
[deleted]
The Steel father commented on this

https://old.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kjg7nh/mt_update_3_and_why_it_will/gh0x9sc/
Yo chill retard ebay money back guarantee doesn’t cover “my wife said she’d leave me if I can’t get my money back”!
Wait is Deep also RK???
I know. She went from an upstanding naked bathwater saleswoman to a dirty pornstar. I can never look at her the same way again
Wonder what this jabronies up to...
Thanks. It may be time for me to move over to ROOT. LMND did well for me but the insurance game is fickle.
I felt this shit.. I hate it especially when pre market goes really good and shit goes the wrong way when market opens...
[removed]
15bn mkt cap is like $215 share price. Fuck, should I really aim for a 14x O.o' ?
One of the DDs on here said they have a ton of cash too. Is that accurate?
GME
I sell puts to the gay bears
Notice the downvotes? Not to worry, come back when it’s -99%
You practice saying that in front of a mirror before posting?
lol CLF was buying shitty MT facilities, but doesn't matter either way, this was a Canadian location
It's like he planned this all out with X. He may be the original author of the "same universe" concept.
Jesus I’m a retard. I’m drunk as fuck and in a bidding war on eBay over a god damn football card. We’re at $240 now, let’s go you fucking broke bitch, I’m getting this fucking card!
[deleted]
seriously. Trying to do SIMPLE maths when the number is right in front of me - and still gets it wildly wrong. Haha
I'd pay 10k of my gains to tag team that lil egirl with jonny sins
Phenomenal trade. Locked in as a legend for life will be talked about for decades. 

But, a terrible company that will not be around in a few years. 

Imagine if Target, Walmart, Amazon, Best Buy, or any of the other 10,000 stores that sell video games in addition to 10,000 other items said they were just gonna sell video games. That's Game Stop for ya. 

A company that only sells video games (and does so at a loss!) How long can that hilariously dumb business idea last.
[deleted]
That’s why I’m in DAL. Nowhere near ath.
Jeez. I was talking about a psth/starlink merger last [week](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kf7vtx/to_people_who_thought_psth_was_merging_with/gg6u3ge/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf&context=3), got called crazy for it and now people are only starting to talk about it?
Just got gifted it today. So excited for it
I started in March of this year. My first day trading the spy hit limit down and halted for 15 mins. I had actually bought a 25% otm put and came out 100% up. I didn't understand how to buy and sell them so I accidently let it ride till I had lost all profit. Over the course of the year I went from an initial deposit of $100 to $4500. I then lost it essentially overnight playing with crazy risk. ever since then I have tossed in $500 at a time and blown up my account about 5 times now. 3,500 in the hole and honestly couldn't have had more fun. I made it back to up 3000 at one point but PURPL squad came and rekted my anus on earnings day. currently sitting at 83.33% down all time with about $600 in the account. For those that read this far, here is a tidbit of advice. Look into SFIX puts and thank me later. Top owners have been cashing out constantly since they exploded on a short squeeze to $70. mid jan/early feb puts for days.
GME
$120. I just checked, I bought it 12/4. So actually three weeks.
[deleted]
I'd recommend watching Klaus (2019) instead - quality animation and decent story.
GUHt
This is so fucking embarrassing to be even tangentially related with
Pink hair
Nah, don't do that. Market orders are a good way to leave money on the table. 

Better idea is to sell calls about $5 below the mark. Its only profitable with a IV above 68 so be sure to mind your greeks.
People have gotten hype to Sandstorm as far back as 2019! Ages ago, I know.
buy the fucking dip, then buy again on monday if it goes up/down
Qqqj
You shouldn’t be posting this as “Discussion” like it’s some confirmed announcement.
[deleted]
Health scam in the making !
Seemingly both
Same reason low-cap stocks are off limits. This subreddit has enough pumpers as it is
and this is tax payers problem because....
[deleted]
> APPS

already up 5x since august... no thanks
[deleted]
PLNHF
Somehow several airlines are at 52 wk or ATH. Since March 1st, [TSA throughput](https://www.tsa.gov/coronavirus/passenger-throughput?page=1) is down **73%**. This is in a notoriously low margin industry where companies go bankrupt for sport. Earnings have all been somewhere between cataclysmic and comical. 

Just your weekly 🐻pocalypse warning before we resume operation mega-bubble on Monday.
This. This.... and this!
100% calls on this photo being taken by a fucking milf. I can tell by the height and the angle there are some 90's fake tits pressing the button on that new iphone.
Prolly seen a few OG wsb bears on that show. Lol.
It’s not a YOLO if it’s guaranteed retard
Why do people say government jobs are laid back? They force you to act busy 9 hours a day, 5 days a week
Plays?
Too many but mostly OXY and CCL that recovered after the March sell of then I was riding on a few like Apple and Amazon
How about O id like to see it at 45 again
The moral of the story...stonks only go up
Step 1: join a sub that insta bans people for any negativity towards the stock, and calls people who bring up revenue/assets/patents as "doubters"

Step2 : look at the great, unbiased DD

Step3 : invest , remember, someone had to buy above 50

Step4 : lose everything, then tell everyone around you that investing is a scam and scare them off of it
Look. WSB is far better than those "licensed stock advisors". But you don't have to take my word for it.
https://spankbang.com/4q3lc/video/belle+delphine+leaked+porn
[deleted]
Buy the dip with every pay check/handouts on tsla
SOMEONE PLZ RECOMMEND ME A $500 YOLO THAT WILL ACTUALLY WORK!!!
Infinitely hotter
I would shit my pants, got all my margin parked in PSTH.
it shows the charty stuff? the fuck is this retard
[deleted]
I cummed
PTON introduces hentai instructors.

Price doubles overnight.
Bro how are you this sensitive and you are posting in this sub? You know they about to go all in on this shit.
Solid advice but you forgot to mention that when OP tries to sell them back they’ll only get 5% of the share value and it’ll only be in GME credit.
Walk it off pussy
Fuck you bro giving me a heart attack lol
Staggered, gotcha. I'm gonna be greedy tho, might bite me in the ass.
Holy shit. Calm down Chad Dickens.


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
So this is from my Dad a boomer 66 years old. Who is a wall street lifer. Working for State Street and Black Rock over about 40 year career. 

He retired in 2018 as a managing director at Blackrock. Forced Retirement. 

At the start of his career most wall street firms where blue collar family kids most ivy league educated stayed away except handful of historic Jewish firms. Its was about 90% men till the 1990's. Relationships dominated industry. People stayed at shops out of loyalty not fee structure. Some would even stay because this is a "Jewish Shop" or like state street from Boston they where a Irish Catholic Shop. Made fortune on managing Catholics College Endowments by putting them in SPY. The silent Generation really cared about this stuff they really built up modern banking system. Jr analysts had high levels of interactions with clients. Union Pension Funds were all about relationships. They liked people who had similar values to there memberships. My dads first Client was Newark Fire Dept. They gave it to him because he was an Army Vet. Italian American from NJ. Like the bulk of there membership. 

The whole wasp vs Jewish shop thing ended in 80's. 
By the 90's the top firms started really caring where you went to school. Females came into industry but often did not rise far. Gen X shifted alot of this but generationaly they where small in numbers.

In the 90's globalism really took off. Significant trade deals and immigration policy caused shift into industry and push toward emerging markets. London overtook NYC as a top place. Especially for Bonds. Honk Kong rose as well leading up to British handover to China in 97. Europeans have a culture of bonds much different then us. The Euro project took debt levels to historical levels. The PIGS were allowed to borrow at much higher levels then normally would have been done alone. Europeans (British) care much more about class then we do here in USA. They care more about where you went to school. That rubbed off in USA shops. The repeal of glass steagal merged many of these banks and brought togther commercial and investment.

The shift moved toward people with computer skills relationships mattered less. Many big shops got really big. Commercial Banking became a loss leader. 

By the 2010's almost all his junior analysts were foreign born mostly from India but many Chinese well.  Blackrock liked these kids better the American millennial. They job hop less often because Visa issues and they worked harder and were more hungry. They never spoke to the client ever... They work killer hours like 60-80. His outgoing opinion were millianals(the older one's like my age mid 30's)are the worst thing he ever seen in his life "a lost generation with all the worst qualities of there boomer parents without any of the strength". He had good things to say about Gen Z going out the door. But was concerned how poor there communication skills were. But my father is woke enough to say that may not matter much for them going fwd. 

Since finniacial crises The industry is giant race to bottom now. No Commissions No Fees on funds no load fees. The big money is not in banking anymore its in owning the banking platforms. This reflected in there stock prices. Barclay's JP Morgan look at there stock price pre crash now look today many never got back. 

Interest Rates at fucking zero for 12 years. 

I did a summer internship for Lehman before I went to Iraq. I never met a client. But I had fuck ton of fun after work. Sprayed in this wicked hot half English Half Egyptian girl I worked with. That reminds me of the girl in Industry. But this was 16 years ago. I'm old..  fat and a married father now. Would love live a day in 2003 again. My read on Gen Z is they are collectively better people then millennials and smarter in many ways . But kind of pussies. Especially the boys.
And talking about r'tarded... I just now understood the omnichannel=dicks every which way correlation.   Touche, good sir.  Perhaps I'll rethink the location.
Daifuku...
It’s the actual URL. Only two of the comments actually redirect, most of them are the actual video.
He may not look like much, but his wife's got it where it counts.
RIP the days of Chris Hansen giving shoutouts to the gay bears.
How’s that workout?
The top is in boys
i appreciate u
IDK, without a squeeze I could see it hitting 75-100 by 2022 if Cohen takes over in June or July. The short squeeze will probably be mixed in there so idk, I could see it hitting a 15bn market cap briefly with a squeeze
[deleted]
So buy? Or not buy? Thinking of putting half my savings on it first thing Monday.
I'm riding this one out with the king
[deleted]
Psst! Hey you... Psst! Yes you over there, do you need some night mode?
[deleted]
IM SO WET.
I imagine they send it to a credit collection company. Then you hire someone to negotiate with them to pay less than you owe.
LOL don't worry - there were a ton of people dumbasses who think they understand PTON's model, but don't. I've had comments on it all year. 

Last time- including here on why it's a bull case, two months ago:
https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/j869wl/weekend_discussion_thread_for_the_weekend_of/g89g5eb/?utm_source=reddit&utm_medium=web2x&context=3

I didn't turn 5 figures to over a 7 figure portfolio by listening to people like -  Hacking_the_Gibson 

I've trimmed out positions through time to secure profits but have 500 shares remaining at $27 ACB left that I'm just holding. Likely trimming more out though to go into other plays, but will always hold some, even when the market has an eventual downturn.
Ok but that was some of the most boring porn I've ever seen, wtf do all of these simps see in her
Rolling my nutz off! Airport rave Austin, TX 2001 popped 4 triple stack Tulips 🌷
We all know a fellow retard like you doesn’t have 10k
Spac L.CA becoming GNOG
https://www.palantir.com
This is the way.
Everytime I go outside of tiktok I am amazed by the lack of snowflakes and cancellations. Thats it I’m deleting the app.
HQ in Hong Kong how is it a thiel? If it is IM IN
Comment your favorite 🖤🧡 ⭐️ 

Karlee Grey
Fair. Honestly i wouldn’t even buy a beach front. That extra 1-1.5m could be at least another $150k in passive income for you if you put it towards a solid multifamily property.
Lol you’re a full blown retard or really bad at sarcasm
The smaller socal raves in 2012-2013 frequently chanted sandstorm between sets lol
who else pissed the markets are closed for 4.5 fucking days
Lol clueless bro
my portfolio blows up all the time

but when an RV does it its news

wtf
Thicc is just a euphemism for fat.
BA, CFA, ACCA...
User name checks out.
Crazy thing is she's actually 21
Imma say it, corona is a coordinated effort to increase power of corporations. Call me crazy if you must. I’ve said it and I feel better now
You can ban me if it's not stripe
Welcome to options
sorry, i meant yesterday Thursday.   it closed early yesterday 10am/1pm EST and not open today Friday.  it just seem like i shorted Friday.
I appreciated it the first time and now I’ve seen you post the link like 15x. Oh well do you
you are the fucking fool if you subscribe to anything like that
Nope that sums it up
you talking ABCL? That thing has done nothing but plummet since the IPO inflation.
And then once you panic sell it goes back up in the following week leading you to FOMO.
PLTR 🚀
Fuck off
JD
If he looks like a gay bear^sarcasm, and smells like a gay bear... surely he will lose money like a gay bear.
Sweet. Ban
\>:(
Seems like a better investment then, thanks! I was wondering where to throw this Xmas money.
You need to say "pretty please?" With puppy eyes
Yea I am like this very much daily
[removed]
BehindtheMaskk is 🔥🔥🔥
If you're pushing 8 figs and feel like it's hard *quit.* No one "needs" that much money.
I hope you sold because workhorse is going to be $15 at opening. 

Also, you could have sold for $30/share and locked in $330,000
Whatever wanker
OP your wife’s boyfriend break up with her or something why the hard feelings?
You’re a mongoloid 600 means nothing to anyone except already unemployed trailer park and housing project dwellers. Joe 6 pack don’t give a fuck about no 6 hunnid
alright somebody finna link up that one chick on here
[removed]
Dd lol
It shrunk just like Nikola stock
I try not to advise about stuff I know little/not enough about.

Discussion is fine tho, we can theorize without posturing as somebody/something that has a deeper understanding of the topic.
When was the last time you got a haircut with contactless delivery Einstein?
I think its $LEVR
Dude banging Belle Delphine treated it like going to work at a boring job.
Check out Peter's Thiel's Bridgetown Holdings (BTWN).
Takes some practice
You’re up 70% on 1/21/22’s in the last 2 weeks? What’s your strike?
I imagine it every day.
Yup, just like Apple TV+ killed Netflix.
Someone ban him please
When will the bubble burts?
Be a gay bear and buy 15p, jan 15th expiry on SWI 

Do it or your more gay than me. 

Thats saying a lot
But barber shops is where they draw the line? You’re starting to sound retarded
Options are contracts under domestic law to exchange domestic equities. Very clearly enforceable.

ADRs for Chinese stocks don't represent anything real. If that company runs into financial trouble in China, try showing up with your ADR demanding your share of assets and see how it goes. You're buying ADRs of Chinese stocks knowing in advance that the Chinese government couldn't give half a shit about foreign investors.
Love it
Bro this is WSB. Get your head right. We buy yachts here
Last week to take 100k from your 401k without penalty and spend it on calls
What a weird porno
i said please
[deleted]
That’s two out of the ~30 shares I’ve traded this year. As I said, good luck with those future losses. I can tell from your bitterness you’ve definitely had your fair share 👍🏻
[removed]
not again 😔
From the article...

&nbsp;

> Thankfully there are no injuries. However the event caused a significant air emission. Ministry of Environment, Conservation and Parks have been alerted," the statement reads.

&nbsp;

> Hamilton police acting Staff Sgt. Jason Leek says all employees are accounted for.

> Leek said the incident caused "quite a cloud" but it dissipated quickly and police are not aware of any safety or environmental concerns.

> "There was no residual fire or danger that we're aware of right now and no roads are closed," he said.

> Hamilton Fire and Hamilton Police have since cleared the scene.

&nbsp;

Doesn't seem serious.
Check my.....self....before, I....wreck myself?
100% iv is too low
Frfr
They hated him because he spoke the truth
I know I was trying to get the new retard a Christmas gift
I got 20k ready to buy if we go down lol
They're gonna make an example of BABA and I don't think they've done that enough yet. I see another one or two ramp ups in pressure and quite a bit of time before things recover. Thats why I went with June 2022 leaps. Plenty of time.
As someone who *did* live through 90’s era hip-hop, you should be thankful you were born when you were. 

You have access to all the classics and underground stuff 24/7 via streaming. It was much harder to acquire that much music back then and way more expensive, not to mention sifting through the shitty stuff to find the gold. 

First time I heard Mobb Deep was on the radio and I couldn’t listen to it again until it came on the radio again.
Maybe
This is the way
Have you tried unplugging it and plugging it back in?
This is a Christmas party.  Don’t be a party pooper.
Last thing I need is luck.
This. Excel models and pitch books is 99.9% of what you can expect.
[deleted]
Those puts were textbook shameless manipulation to kill upwards momentum.
You get the bag and fumble it  
I get the bag and flip it and tumble it (yeah)  
Straight out the lot, 300 cash (cash)

This is not a game for everyone
Literally came from this video
It’s back monday right?
Yeah it's called debt lmao isn't that something WSB is familiar with?
Thanks for the info, so, after the stock price passes the call price, I can sell individual contracts at that time?  Or I can just keep them until right before they expire, then sell them.
My account is worth 6.3k USD! I bought all the items in middle school but I checked in to see if they rose due to Christmas buying!!!
Two weeks ago I closed everything out and just put it all in ARKK Jan ‘22 calls. Already up 70%.
Appetizer? /S
To my knowledge, RIOT has a larger holding of assets and better processing/hash rate speeds.
[deleted]
Lol we must be close in age, because that was definitely me too in middle school.
Ignore the hate and vitriol. We like to call each other "retards" and "autists" around these parts, it's our favorite terms of endearment.

Also, I'm from EU, so I get it, it's not a storechain most of us see in our local town/city, unlike our US brethren.
I don't know what leverage is can someone just tell me what to buy???
That's not even a yacht! 
Pretty sure he's a boat boy, cleaning up some old couple's boat they keep swearing they'll use year after year but never do...and they won't even leave it to him in their will. Smh he's just making self motivation vids so his lines are rehearsed for when he finally makes it!
U got Ebola bruh. The OG pandemic was under our nose the whole time.
What’s a dip?
Thank you for your contribution to the arts!
# mods pleas fly again
I can’t
ohhh

no dude, im not banned in the wsb discord server... im not even on discord  -\_-

stop lying
Happy holidays brother
[https://spankbang.com/4q3lc/video/belle+delphine+leaked+porn](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ&ab_channel=RickAstleyVEVO)

Belle link for the degens

Copy + paste it in your URL retards
It’s just like my wife.  I’m here for the long term, but the bf is in and out real quick
That I am still poor, I am still poor
Anyone who bought it was like $50 or some shit
Soul survivor is a great cut
I wondered the same thing lmfaoo
This is an excellent summary, thanks for the link.
Let’s not lie, you will get excited and pull out prematurely before it ever becomes a large cap.
People are spending like crazy on shit like cars Amazon etc
omg they got a crane in with nothing to lift, jesus whats that costing?

not one fucking pile pounded in the ground
Inception right there
The mod who left ran a majority of the bots that filter bullshit off the subreddit. He shut down the bots.
Eric Clapton - Cocaine
Outlook not so good
Give me 1000 dollars.
There is no sign of intelligence anywhere
2020 just getting weirder and weirder lmao
👀
It’s definitely not going to “infinity” squeeze like VW or some shit. That’s for sure. I think it’s possible we see shorts cover and a slow squeeze to $30 or $40. There is Ryan Cohen who is sorta the X factor. Not sure how to figure out a PT with his potential involvement. Guess we’ll have to wait and see. I’m also curious to see if Burry has exited his position entirely or not. 

Also, this may sound dumb but I do pan for gold on WSB in terms of DD. I’m looking for a good solid DD that acts as a catalyst into my own DD on potential position I hate asshats like OP who muck up this sub with their retardation. He’s probably 19 and wacks off to Spongebob and is writing DD posts. Fuck outta here. Let Uberkikz and JeffAmazon write the DD plz
Btwn up next, don’t miss a thiel spac
Guys relax, this is a nothingburger
One ugly ass bitch who managed to sell her bath water. That’s about all I know right now.
No face girl sucks. It’s all about the face for me.
This bring back memories
yeah but did u know some teacher in my school  said something like this about a dumb question
theres no such thing as a dumb question - scientist in my school
Wow those hoes are insane
[deleted]
I had a great christmas with family. always so nice to get together. tonight i watched wonder woman after I got home. That was okay. Monday markets open up again. Excited. Hope to print. Need to be disciplined though. So easy to paper hand and diverge from the plan when things take time to play out.
what is this
Jan calls are ruined.
Yeah give me a thick ass Latina and I’m chilling
RMG
4.5 days without the market makes one weak
Oh I know, but I don’t see China cracking down on their biggest tie to the west
who the fuck...would buy that shit
How did you short it on Friday? Isn't it on SEC Rule 201 ban?
[deleted]
I feel like he didn’t share his face for the same reason Batman wears a mask. It’s a symbol....a symbol for every SIMP alive that they have a chance
Boomer....
[deleted]
Pay pal palantir = PPP = Stimulus moon
No
Fuck I remember listening to that shit on my U2 iPod in middle school thinking I was hot shit
You really need to get back in on the gme train, it’s not the same without you.
Maybe.. it consolidated this week at 115ish line tho
[deleted]
I saw the same news obviously and has same thought but didn’t trade to follow through. It’s the part once I’m in the trade that’s hardest for me. Thanks doesn’t seem it but just hearing how you played it is helpful to me. Good luck m8
Just use a wax it off
We need another report from citron... IV too low
CVS sinking the last couple weeks
Copy + paste it for actual link
Fuck yeaaaaaa
Yeah, i was in first at 13. Kept adding to it until the other week i said fuck it and sold everything else, now i only have gme and pltr.

I sleep like a baby dont get me wrong, but  every market open hurts.

🚀🔝
Fucking hell dude, these paperhand NPCs are gonna ruin us all...
I'm a r'tard autist, but I've got some semblance of self respect.  That shit stays covered lol
thank you

we do not have a gamestop in uk so i was so confusd 

ty
Was it to one person? Highest bidder? Bottled and sold in quantities? 

Fuck these broads got it too easy and too many neck beards with a high disposable income.
[https://www.barrons.com/articles/wall-street-seeks-the-upside-in-an-historic-hack-51608852900](https://www.barrons.com/articles/wall-street-seeks-the-upside-in-an-historic-hack-51608852900)

In case anyone wants to read it without this gay snowflake shit in the middle of the text. TLDR some guy in a suit is pumping panw chkp and zs
Yes he can
Good shit, i have about $40k worth of shares in margin with about $20k of margin left, trying to use it all up on dips
Could still easily drop another 10-20 %. I've got some cash on hand if it does though. This whole thing could be a 6 month ordeal. Another risk is paper handing it when it takes too long to go up.
Well said dude.
lmfao
[removed]
What do I dump it in Doctor Bukkake
No shame in that man, 2x your capital is a success where I’m looking
Upvote but the majority of boomers have no  retirement besides SS
When will I be able to grab QS below $60 again??
Fuck tha club dog I’d rather count a million bucks
Jesus Christ mods please get this kid out of here
Can pltr please keep dipping so I can write cash covered puts kthx
Sorry, forgot I wasn’t in r/investing
Link
This guy has a dad bod and has had sex with roughly 10-15 women and thinks that’s a lot
thanks <3
This guys too young to be here
He did you a favor she’s nasty as fuck
He said most retarded. That's a big brain move.
Super overrated
Bullish
Go get it.
Why do you need a motley fool subscription when you have over one million retards on this sub for better advice and meme stocks?
Ban em mods I see no positions
ber r fuk
AVERAGE AF
sorry i was so confused but then someone told me to google 'gme stock' instead of 'gme' and wow, it shows the charty stuff
thanks
Gamestop = gme. It's the ticker, like pltr, or rtrd
I hope you guys remembered the real meaning of Christmas this year.

Young Jeezy’s birthday. Keep the true spirit of the holidays alive. We get so caught up in the gifts we forget about *Lets Get It: Thug Motivation 101*. A stellar gospel album from the ancient days of 2005.
It’s from Home Alone
Buy a market order right now that gets executed at market open. That way you can get completely screwed
2024 after you lose all your gains on a warrant and became a drug dealer alpha
Bulls=Johnny sins. Bears=the weeb who fucked belle Delphine
I think BABA is about to get fucked by the long dick of the Communist party. Could be a dip but you need to look at some political DD, more than company financials.

https://time.com/5924701/china-alibaba-monopoly-investigation/
I think Dr. PP is a shower, not a grower.
No wonder cryptos are mooning
what tempted you to buy wkhs in the first place back in 2019?? congrats btw
Shit man. I’m in the stone ages when it comes to this ish.

Thx bro
Itchy as duck brah
JFC, selling bath water? 

What did she do to be known prior to getting to that level of simp fame?
Santa's bringing the rally for all the good little autists and autistettes.
Link
Basically anywhere on the Big Island. And it doesn't have to be ocean*front,* just nearby with a view.
3 inch
Ban
🌈 🐻 fukd Bell Delphine what does this mean for the markets?
[removed]
Why are you here?
These guys fuck....

Each other.
Ha. Ok man. Good luck out there.
What’s with the filthy animals meme
Fuck Xmas is over here didn’t even realize
I don’t know you, yet I long for your update everyday, and today, today, I love you!!!
thanks <3
Isn’t max gain only 100 bucks on that? Haha
I feel bad for your friend and wish meaningful legislation could pass so that he could get the help he needs.  Barbers are hurting here in Texas as well so it likely has little to do with the political leanings of the state and more to do with people trying to avoid spending lots of time in close contact with people indoors.
please don’t. We can get your money into anything else that has a chance to actually win
ohhh
gamestop
never heard of it since we dont have that in the uk
but thanks for the help i found the GME stock
OLD = Online Dating.
q1
What’s a covered call
Keep going dude
Buy leaps
[deleted]
For the chads not on east coast time, Merry Christmas you filthy animals
You really shit the bed here
Yup, sure learned that the hard way...luckily it was just one call. I’m done with options for now...just hanging with a bunch of boomer recovery stocks, cruise and airline stocks, GME, NIO, TSLA, and swing-trading a couple of SPACs - not gonna get 1000% returns in 6 months, but feel 2x is possible plus I can actually sleep at night knowing I’m not getting fucked by theta
But did you get horny/cum
shut the fuck up
Well done with the link <golf clap>
Getting massive short pops on SPACS are more interesting to people nowadays.
dam I made as much gain as u in 6 months
Who tf plays monopoly like that? You literally just buy every single thing you land on.
Thinking of buying some put or will it go up?
Bears r disgust
Xmas eve sell off plus belle delphine porn makes it feel like we got coal for Xmas. But on the bright side the big green dick Santa rally next week will feel like a delayed present
What are you going to copy if you cut first Mikey? Huh Mikey?
Who is no face girl?
You’re the man. Best of luck to you friend. I’ll be keeping an eye on you and likely move where you move at some point.
You end up buying stocks/warrants/calls?
🤣
A goldmine indeed.  I’m going to have more pussy than I will know what to do with.

If you find out what the “OLD” strategy is they speak of, lmk
Ya. Could see this happening
she kinda ugly doe
They send you a text, but it doesn’t matter what time - it’s for long term investment not quick in-out , if your goal is to get in at the earliest time and sell shortly after, you will be disappointed
oh

yeah same ive watched the 2020 movi for pinochio too

### [😂](https://emojipedia.org/face-with-tears-of-joy/) 

### [😂](https://emojipedia.org/face-with-tears-of-joy/) 

### [😂](https://emojipedia.org/face-with-tears-of-joy/) 

### [😂](https://emojipedia.org/face-with-tears-of-joy/)
Hope Ryan Cohen saves you.   Just so many companies to invest in rather than blockbuster 2.0
Same
Google "GME stonk". You're welcome.
i have a subscription. ill give you my info for $99
NIO founder actually has a record of successful companies. Trevor has a record of sexual assault, fraud, etc (allegedly)
I think he started out cool like 20 years ago, now he’s a maniac. I think he probably believes the shit, but he’s a maniac so his opinion matters to me less, but I guess it’s authentic. I liked him in Waking Life.
Talking about the US, where I and most people on this sub live. I'm not trying to settle down in Madagascar.
Because of this video I found WSB! 

Since then my wifes boyfriend has taught me about different options strategies, and this community has elevated me to higher levels

My bank account used to have only $16 but now It has -$3,352!
As I see it, yes
When it went mainstream
When you figure it out please tell me too
Yeah, on Thursday i was forced to sell enough to stay above maintenance. I have to buy when it spikes up and reaches new support. Depositing another $1K on Monday so that’ll help.
This dude is truly the wizard of loneliness
Projection? 😂
She looks 15 it’s disturbing
My magic 8 ball says ask again later
Yeah this has nothing to do about getting money to anyone. If he did he would have let $600 go through, $2000 never going to happen.
Lol this is the guy that gets girls
How big was his dick?
[removed]
It went as low at -17%. Wow\~ Should have bought some at $222 before market close. Missed it and fear that it might start above $230 on Monday.
Hair retains the smelly bacteria, but you still have to wipe and shower once a day, you psychopath
Just buzz your ass crack and stop wearing underwear
Literally ban. Fuck this asking for positions shit
What the hell is swamp ass
But those no risk Friday calls, they remind me
I just noticed it was AAPL lmao. Why wouldn't it be APPL.
Lefty and Righty are your chicks
She made a mistake imo - now the mystery is gone. Maybe she wanted to cash out though
Yea wtf is going on
i bought the dip yesterday, if it dips again monday, buy more. but never go all in
I can’t believe I just watched a teddy bear fuck a teenage girl
If you crash, you’re “driving it wrong”. Also, AppleCare is $2999 a year.
Or wheels, seats, hoods... sold separately to prevent e-waste
My whole 5 mil would not go into that beach front house. That would be stupid. 1, 1.5 maybe.
On it
I opened an account sophomore year in college. As soon as I hit my goal I'm transferring everything to my dad's "fat cat broker" RH should just be for beginners. I've learnt so much since my highschool stock market class.
Yeah. Kim just told him he's gonna stick a bazooka up his ass at sunrise.
wasnt even a joke u idiot

not my fault im new

ur just mad because ur probably investing in tesla peny  stocks
I heard it was liquid trash from like 10 different people.
Not sure there’s literally no info out about it. Very sketchy. That’s just my theory. You don’t wheel a van with a bomb into the middle of the street and have an automated announcement saying it’s going to explode play from a speaker if you just want to car bomb. Lol.
anyone here got their ass lasered? does it cure swamp ass?
It's just the abbreviation for GameStop, not goddamn medical education
Imagine how much Xmas money is gonna be transferred into RH in the next 48 hours.
Not gay if you dont touch em.
You caught on late.

The initial major press run was from $19 odd to $33 and now it has $27-28 support.

It's going again.
If you're not on a bender might want to get checked for mania
You guys drive trains?  That’s so cool.  Choo choo! 🚂
I will be messaging you in 3 months on [**2021-03-26 05:25:50 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2021-03-26%2005:25:50%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://np.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kkd2k0/turtle_beach_hear_undervalued/gh1tqeq/?context=3)

[**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fkkd2k0%2Fturtle_beach_hear_undervalued%2Fgh1tqeq%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202021-03-26%2005%3A25%3A50%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%20kkd2k0)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|
[removed]
All good, didn’t mean to come off snarky. OP wrote an interesting Wordpress blog post I think to reinforce his disdain for PnD and to clear the air that this certainly was not such a thing. 

I think you’ll be good with the STIC holdings. I prefer the warrants myself. Don’t paper hands out too quickly if you have conviction about a trade.
[deleted]
This sub goes fucking sideways on holiday weekends.

Calls on TSLA

Calls on Shrinks.

Puts on Bathwater.
[deleted]
It’s like a video game being hyped up like cyberpunk was. You know it’s not going to live up to the hype but you still want to see it unfold
!remindme 90 days
Amen brother keep that shit up!
Yeah, I prefer facts over fiction too. Truth is always somewhere in the middle, which is why I personally don't see the squeeze is likely to happen in a way WSB is all hyped about.

I can still dream though, fiction is entertaining af.
She has a nice cunt though
wouldn’t you get margin called if it dips then, if you buy more with margin when it rises?
Pinocchio
I’m sorry for your loss, true though this is an unforgiving market and anything can happen
[deleted]
🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Well, you’re not wrong. I was a shithead twenty year ago. But the culmination was definitely memorable.
[deleted]
Name checks out
[deleted]
Best option is to buy shares through one of their physical stores.  If you have a membership you get a discount.  If you use the code R3T4RD you’ll get an additional 10% off.
Why does that little shrimp dick get to fk belle delphine and I don't?
Agreed. I'm upvoting you as well. Appreciate the discussion.

Merry Christmas!
You and I both know that currently you cannot 3d print real tools. You can't even 3d print a Philips screwdriver. Whatever comes in 40 years isn't really going to be "3d printing" like we are talking about now.

I've been irritated by the 3d printing news for years because of all the bullshit like "people are going to 3d print untraceable guns!!" written by journos who have no concept of machining or metallurgy at all.
Lol can’t tell if you’re joking. Not sure what post you’re specifically referring to but it’s a stock ticker for GameStop, which is probably closely looked at during the holiday season.
Why not completely slash social security for most baby boomers? Those old fucks already got theirs anyway
Fed green ink is provided by us gov. Printers run out on the 31st
Haven’t seen soul yet, but just watched WW 84 and it was great. So hot. Why choose? Soul tomorrow.
bad joke, ban
Hey photographer, this a cute pic of your wife and her boyfriend.
at what point does it become your wife’s boyfriend’s boyfriend? 🤔
Pu tang for the Wu Tang
More like 40 seconds
Haha you’re so funny man 😐
Yes bro, everything you touch will print bc you smell woman asses like me 🥰🥰🥰
because they have micropenis
Tell me how the business survives - or any financial measure that they will turn around in the face of increasing digital distribution
I’m selling 20 puts at open and I pray I get assigned
This is f'd up. I approve 🤣🤣🤣
[removed]
[removed]
Fuck I’m only fully retarded
LFTR, NGA, IPOD
Red gain line > green gain line
No yolo, only yeet
Put in time and work and start making wiser decisions
That’s a bingo
Ban
I gonna buy more GME stock on Monday PM👍

I doubt 99% of the shit I see on ws but GME play is real
[deleted]
Appreciate the reply. Do they do it at a certain time? Thanks bro.
We get it...calls on ticker DD.
Yeah, just watched it and it was just mehh
I'm disappointed in Belle. I thought she was a proud and clever opportunist... But now, she gave in to the simps and made porn, and she's not even that good at it. 

Respect = gone.
12/31 $22 and $23c on sale...I got 29 and queued up 15 more, should be a fun ride next week
"stop loss" lmao
Portfolio updated today to show that I was flat thursday instead of red. Its a christmas miracle.
lol Ok then
Wait till that next stimulus check direct deposits.
Omfg, this is genius
virgin?
“Continue to function” implies that at one point, Nikola actually functioned
I agree. Don’t get me wrong I love a good dose of confirmation bias, but I like a guy who is skeptical about everything until he’s shown incontrovertible evidence. That’s certainly not a claim that u/ahminus is bearish or anything. He just a truth seeker and very pragmatic.
Jacked off to her yesterday. Gloryhole blowjob to a priest lol
Haha fuckin idiot. Imagine being dumber than 80% of people taking it.
Get the ludes!
All in $DKNG, $CRSR, $SPIC. Pick your poison.
Ssssh don’t let them kill it boo
All in with GME at open
Literally just buy a spy leap and let it sit

Or a qqq leap if you want to make more money

Or an aapl leap if you want to make even more money
On Christmas? Lmfao calls on mental illness
And warehouse shipments for AMZN, AMZN has a bug push coming for higher wages from the Union, easiest way to end that? No people and robots sorting and shipping 24hrs per/day with no benefits. Sad, but true. Go long on FANUC, LEAPs and shares.
All of the above
When’s the merger?
Pleas fly again
Goddam what's with the stupid posts about that underage looking girl. She looks like 12 yo boy with that flat chest. Since when did this sub become overrun with anime wierdos and the rest of the reddit crowd
Bag of sand I’ve heard
https://www.reddit.com/r/OutOfTheLoop/comments/kjz2g8/what_is_up_with_donald_trump_saying_he_would_veto/ggzucfr/

stim explained as if you were a retard who wagered your kidneys on it passing
A guy who dies but doesn’t wanna die who then has to train a new soul how to find its purpose.  Pretty cool.  Jazz music ion it too if ya like jazzzzz
Once I recoup the GME bag, it’s all in PLTR
The democratic states have been placing the most aggressive shut downs on people with no solutions. I have a buddy who’s a barber struggling to make ends meet for his family. The Democratic Party is just as big of an enemy as the republicans are
[deleted]
Oh yeah, I know.  My dad was actually a pilot and chartered a niche financial institution for aircraft lending and lease financing.  I grew up around aircraft.

I just got excited about electric helicopters.  I dont know if Blade is anything special, but my eyes lit up on the EV part.  Problem is, in the past 20 minutes I've realized that they're mostly manufactured by Lockheed and Boeing.  Textron manufactures Bell helicopters, which might be something.  Otherwise I don't know there's really a play here.
Be careful and protect your gains
Sounds like a Death Stranding-type illness
Me too? I've been a PLTR evangelist since the beginning and I've constantly quoted $280, but $300 is foreseeable as well. 

I would like a Warren Buffet sweater as well since you're being so generous. 
Pleas & Ty
I'm banking on pure, irrational, retard MOASS. I don't really believe we will actually see it, but I'm gonna be greedy if I see it happening.
This is true. 

Knowing that, you should also understand the value to those finite coins will increase the more difficult they are to mine. 

Its also very secure via blockchains. 

RIOT correlates directly to the price of (spitcoin), and just obtained 15,000 more pieces of equipment to mine more every day. 

RIOT 700 shares @4.95

RIOT 15C 12/31/20

RIOT 12C JAN 2022

Also, get into MARA. Same shit pretty much.
fuck lowes
[deleted]
Who's here in $APPS

Not frequently mentioned here, huge prospects, amazing performance.
100%. I lived amongst these heathens for a decade and even "dated" a few. Scam city, but when your whole religion can be explained and discredited in an episode of South Park what can you expect.
Show me daddy
Snowboarding is an incredible workout out what are your talking about
Idk what DD even means.
Consider the simulator a blessing
This is written by Warren Buffets right hand man.   


Couldn't get through the first chapter without looking up every other term .
guh in peace
We gay bears are born this way. It’s not a choice. Our choice is how retarded we want to be.
I like her weird faces
I did alright on MARA. What are your thoughts about them? They seem to do similar things.
What isn’t in this market?
[removed]
Cybersec is blowing up soon when the depth of the hack trickles out more
They found his phone down by the river, the battery was dead.
Where is it? Disney Plus?
This is the way
The last time someone on here told me something was easy money was a Jan 15 275 BABA call - OP take option recommendations here with a grain of salt unless you want to lose 99% of your initial investment
[deleted]
Only a 50k loss. "You gotta pump those numbers up. Those are rookie numbers in this racket."
Positions or ban.
Twitch gamer who eventually starts an only fans
Wrong sub.

But if you have to "invest" those 1000$ buy VTI Etf, or even worse, buy BND.
Bro just fucking buy calls. It’s free money.
That chick that sold bathwater

She looks 14. The obsession is weird
Yeah I guess it will. I dont play weeklies so I didnt consider it.
Happy cake day!
well at least you can say you got a 2k gain this year lmao
Will my Nio calls print
You buy the dip by buying now since it only goes up 


Fucking idiots
Lol 2021
i think i will stop loss at $600
Doesn’t matter where the money is but wash sales will likely be an issue for you if you trade the same kind of shit between accounts. You have to correlate those yourself
It really bothers me that I can't see her face
It’s the weekend thread CMON MAN
Sir i will break even you just wait on it !!
A lot of people make a lot more than you guys think.
https://spankbang.com/4q3lc/video/belle+delphine+leaked+porn

Not worth
MMED once it is uplisted in a few weeks to the nasdaq
Slight slope out of your driveway, compatible with the graviton drive.
Man that shit was wack 😭😭
I need to make $5k turn into $15k or my wife's boyfriend said he's gonna gape me good
She has cucked her simps repeatedly in the past which gave her some fame - most notably by selling her bath water
Why do people still care about belle delphine. I know I’m biased because I prefer thick chicks but really though she’s nothing special. Guess a lot of guys wanna feel like “big daddy” with a chick a lot smaller than them lmfao.
Nobody tell him

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
They release updates every Thursday.
They have promotion from time to time when you can get half off for the stock advisor subscription
You won’t see 150 until RC cleans house. That said 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🌑
Yea they should have taken them shinkansen
Y'all remember what happen a couple of month ago with this shit company during the height of the pandemic?
Based on my own retard research, we might get there even without the squeeze, just some organic price growth based on a comeback story and good news.
Sir this is a casino
I would first worry about breaking even or making money before worrying about the likely minimal taxes you have to pay following that
Cannot confirm bro you get more mid puss with a dad bod maybe. Calls on settling lol.
[deleted]
Lol... I saw this comment in there and wanted to post back in here but I was on toilet and forgot
>palantin technologies

LOL, I never even heard of that. The irony is if you look at their stock, it basically doubled lately.
Sounds pretty good. Nothing to worry about.
Whats that
💀💀😢😭
I don't do DD

PLTR going 🚀🚀🚀🚀
[removed]
We all played this earlier this year
I keep compulsively checking tos to look at futures this is ass
thanks for the assistance
someone was telling me how the inflation will go up because of the government giving disabled people/retarded people and unemployed people money and also giving homeless peple house
thank u for helping 
how do i donate these 100 coins to u
Well your doing something right. Can you share your wisdom with us?
Simps love it though let’s them think they’ve got a shot
Is this where guh actually came from? This wasn't around before controlthenarrative?
You’re such a fucking casual
Average out. $35-$100.
don’t get used to it retard
Do not subscribe to it
Link to Belle pronz
Ban OP, not Jesus
Imagine Cathie in her twenties
Sure. Tesla price target to the mooon just because
That’s crazy who took who out? I haven’t really seen the news so I dunno what’s going on with it
Doctor Who?
[deleted]
I got wrists made of unobtanium but that shit hurted your wrists when u fall. My brother was with me last time and snapped his wrist.
I'm not stanning a party, I'm saying that anyone blaming "both sides" for the lack of aid we received through this pandemic is being dishonest about the situation.
Nope.
Ok someone fill me in please....

Never heard of that belle delphine chick...

Who the fuck is she and why are there so many simps? 

This is almost as bad as when that bitch pokemane became a mod here and caused the market to go red.
If you didn’t spend over $100 an hour on each girl it isn’t a flex
Oh really? What's the video game called?
Deadass invest in something else
I’m so hard it hurts
Checked out the video to see what everyone’s talking about - she looks 14 and the video was shit. NoFaceGirl 10x hotter

[https://spankbang.com/4q3lc/video/belle+delphine+leaked+porn](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ&ab_channel=RickAstleyVEVO)

Link for the degens
Happy Holidays Obviously disagreements will occur among us. None of us has the same brain but its always amazing to have a debate.

Me and you both know that we are not the one making laws and the number of billionaires and trillionaires will only increase in the future. But yeah it's always fun
Want to the know the secret to gambling your life savings away on options??... you must be half gay and half retarded.
You washed the pussy/jizz/latex condom smell off right?

No way some hoe let you stick your smelly dick in her.  Unless she was a nasty dirty hoe herself..
Shoulda. Gone. Long.
Wtf markets not even open today
he literally said shitting his pants tho retard
I can’t say don’t buy GME. Since it’s a meme anything can happen. However, I’m deep into vale for one reason and one reason only - and it’s not the iron. It’s the Nickel, specifically their giant supply of Nickel in Indonesia. The general speculation is that Tesla will give Vale a giant contract (they already buy most of their nickel from Vale). Based on various news coming out of Indonesia over the last month regarding labor laws/expat property ownership and cues from Tesla it seems as though it’s getting very close. Tesla is going to Indonesia ‘next month’, no specific date. I hope we’ll have news in January, but I’d think for sure  by the end of Q1.
JD better than BABA
All these rival subs popping up. *I have a bad feeling about this*
Short term it does, so weeklies will be shit next week for most stocks.
Serious question . I’m down 13k on RH i have money on RH and TD but of course i love td better but would it affect my taxes for capital gain if i make that money back on TD? Or would it be pretty much break even since i break even on both brokers technically
Ah, carry on then.
But it makes money
I thought it was widely agreed that with PLTR, share purchasing was primary since this is a long haul (1-2yrs) and any options purchased should be leaps (2022/2023), it's to be expected that it's going to easily be a $200-$500+ Tesla-like stock, but it's going to need public momentum which its already collecting. 
So why even buy a weekly PLTR call, when at this time you'd lose far more on options than actual shares?

Not passing judgment, just wondering.
This was posted two weeks ago... with volume. Come up with your own shiz bruv

Merry Christmas
Shares - good idea
Options - beware
yup and it's equally nice. can you write me some TESLA DD next?
Can’t imagine fucking the same girl the rest of your life. Got me fucked up bruh lmaoooo
We are living through a revolutionary time.
At least 5% of people earn a lot more than 5 million in their life. It's only 125k per year over 40 years.
Mother Cathie loves us she shares herself with us freely.
Weren’t his calls way out?
Ok bro. Unironically (really!) I believe you. Loading up on shares and calls in addition to my existing position.
Wow. The mental gymnastics in that statement is the stuff of Lord of the Rings.
Im selling when it hits $60. A cool 3x and im dippin
Lol none of them have an ounce in common with the average American. When people Stan for a party I immediately think less of their intellectual capacity
You know that wasn't the reason, but appropriately it entailed all reasons.
I mean that’s also true for every DD on PLTR?
What’s soul about?
[removed]
I love your guys 😂
OG mud bone
Turtle beach sound quality is straight dogshit
The funny part is the lack of understanding of how the secondary market works in that the price of the shares have almost no bearing on the success of the company with the exception of the (should be) rare circumstance of issuing additional shares
Ur just mad u can’t hear the sleigh bells anymore
September broke me
Just go use the bathroom l at work like a normal person?
I knew it
Shoutout to everyone watching roller derby on FS2
God damn Soul is such a good movie.  Can’t believe so many people chose WW 1984 over this
Easily daddy’s boat and a wannabe chad trying to look “cool” ?
What am I watching? A guy lose $50k in 3 minutes?
Yeah, I spelled shitbird wrong. Mobile.
Who Tf is this teenager and who cares?
Financing rounds, but you usually have to be an accredited investor, soooo
Don’t tell him
Pick the right one and it'll golden shower tendies all night.
He’s also been lurking since 06
Normal. Nothing to worry abt. Maybe stay hydrated
They hate him for he speaks the truth
The amount of information and knowledge he has about the deep state has literally driven him to near insanity. He’s genuinely admitted on JRE he thinks he’ll have a heart attack and die in the next 5 years if he continues with his current workload
And to think if you just bought and held tesla you would have been up way more.
R u a Navy Seal
I’m disgusted that this sub is simping so hard over Bella 🐬 rn 

We only supposed to simp over CATHIE
always nice to see the DD after it's already up 100%+ on the year
qqqj
GH IV feb/March calls you can get like 15 contracts
That guh never gets old
Yeah. Cars are pretty cool. I like red ones.
Aha, it seems more people should be following you rather than Sir JAL. I’m new to this, with very little at stake but I did take a small position on STIC Friday morning (20 shares) after briefly reading the post put up by Sir JAL and said why not. The stupidity was on my end and you just opened my eyes to a few nuances in original post I would have otherwise not picked up on. I’m glad I asked why, I’m glad you answered. Saving this for myself, to remind me of being more cautious as I move forward.

This is probably going to be a $200 lesson I learn the stupid way, but your response to my question “why?” likely saved me much more than that $200 loss I’ll probably take getting out of this position as I continue to try new things while learning here. 

Thank you, Merry Christmas.
this guy fucks
Long term relationships be like. Shit gets boring sometimes lol.
The business is dead. The only risk in shorting it is the WSB pump and dump with high short interest and whether Ryan Cohen will actually dump more of his money into this turd. 

But the Company is effectively dead - just listen to their pathetic earnings call

The Company filed a shelf registration to be able to sell more shares - management clearly knows it is overvalued
Jealous. I thought about it but it meant liquidating my PLTR shares
They think funko pops gunna bring in enough revenue to keep them afloat
[deleted]
Polar Express is a really stupid movie with annoying animation
Oh whatever. The Dems passed multiple aid bills through the House and Mitch refuses to bring them to the floor for a vote in the senate. Don't be a fence sitter.
cool. how can i exploit it for financial gain?
I haven’t slept in 5 days and I just shit black liquid
What are leaps
[removed]
I’m at your beck and call my lord
SQ and PayPal
Just as an example, fast chargers are 600V DC, which obviously doesn't come out of the power grid, so you need a heavy duty converter. They also operate at 240kw, which is way more power than a house uses, so it's an industrial power installation, which needs to be coordinated with the power grid. Then you want this to be metered, safe for dopey Joe Public to use, weather proof, abide by all the construction codes for state/local, you need certified workers to do it, you're tearing up existing parking lots/sidewalks/etc so you need that experience and someone to get all the permits...it's a big operation. And we will need *millions* of these installed just in California to enable all cars sold after 2035 to be non-gas powered.

You can try that with random construction companies and fail, or go with Chargepoint that has experience doing it already and succeed. That's why I'm convinced Chargepoint will be huge. Right place at the right time.
I would not exercise an option, unless I purchased it as a hedge and wanted to own the stock. When you exercise the option that means you buy 100 shares at the strike price.  You would want to sell the option - hopefully at a gain or to stop your losses.  A decent strategy is to sell at 100% profit.  Another decent strategy is to buy in multiples of 3 and sell 1st 1/3 at 100%, 2nd 1/3 at 200% and let the last 1/3 run for max profit 300% or higher.  Also sell at a 50% loss so you don't lose all your capital and have money to continue.  But hey this is WSB and with out of the money long shots - its all or nothing - hold till the bitter end!
Bouncy.  Now I get why the guys keep raving about this shit.
I'm in those as of Wed close
They've been talking about cars for like 5 years now. Who tf is gonna buy an apple car and then have to pay 10k for the optional charging-dongle that works with non-apple power plugs?
[removed]
Only?

Not worth even putting into the market. Just buy some blow and get a hooker
Guh
I would tell it to stand the fuck up!
Let me tell you this rn; either you ask r/investing or you spend it on a hooker in NYC or 10 thai hookers
I read the book and I my pf is still made up of TSLA PLTR GME and AMD
He’s actually Bill Hicks.
FUCKING YOLO. Can you sell your grandma?
Yeah and the fact that most girls have no other option than guys with dad bods bc that’s the majority of guys in the world
amci merging with advent. better than plug and fcel
Soy Is gonna go slightly up for two reasons. One of the main global prodicers (Argentina) Is going through a draught that Will continue until late 2021 (la Niña) plus polítical turmoil. Yields Will be shit. If you export soybeans you indirectly export water which wont be FOUND for at least another year. A commodity supercycle Is starting
/r/punchablefaces
Cum again?
Ya for some reason she makes me not want to nut
[deleted]
I’ll slap the taste out yer mouth you jabroni
Good morning my fellow retards, excited for next week, am sensing a huge green dildo incoming.

Kinda disappointed though about belle delphine comments here, it's a shame some people find her hot.
#IT WAS ME AUSTIN!!!!! IT WAS MEEEEEEE ALL ALONG! AUSTIN!!
He's an actor
Thank you come again.
My portfolio is 75% GME. 

Youre right, that's not enough. Dropping arkg and U on Monday fuck it.
All DD are opinions.
im holding ciic but that dum bish likes doing its own thing in the slow lane
It’s easy to make a million dollars after you lose 10 million first.
[removed]
PLTR
MARKET DD - everything is priced in
Positions or ban
Wrong sub
Join the club...  my first FD.  And it was 3 days early.
i spent a good 30 min looking at this sub cuz of u and my god, these chicks crazy
[removed]
Who are you, that guy from the original American Pie who wouldn’t take dumps at work/school?
There’s so much god damn DD on it around here you must be actively avoiding it
[removed]
amci merging with advent. better than plug and fcel
Its real
You can't know for sure unless you try.
[deleted]
Guh
Ban. No positions. Opinions are not DD
What’s a covered call
Idk but I bought my sister a lot of gifts from there for Christmas
What are all the SPACs to buy rn?
Brilliant write up dude. Appreciate it.

Please send link to newsletter / discord. I only have enough for "basement tier" trade tips though. Will this still land me lots of tendies
try MVIS instead
Guys, is Alex Jones legit or a fraud? And I mean is his whole persona an act or is he actually a hyper paranoid maniac?
Never in a day
Etsy been fucking blowing the ecomm market out the water. Nervous since ecomm has been boosted so much off covid but they’re a great model and much easier to use for technologically retarded ppl than a Shopify or even Wix. I’m long
[removed]
He is RK, check his YouTube RK channel
It was already saved on the clipboard lol
And yet the stock still recovered cause bimbos still believe in something that doesn’t exist
Imagine actually clicking that garbage when you have Gianna Michaels deepthroating videos to watch
20x 24c 2/19
MGNI PLTR
My exact prayer. Literally bought both at their highs.
Calls people noobs while talking about “APPL” calls
Its called Kawaii, its a culture thing.
I'm not sure if 80k -> 8m is going to beat the inflation man, might want to aim a bit higher than a hundo-bag.
Social media disguised as Online multi player game platform for children
Highest risk thing to do with GME would be shorts / puts imo
Quantum Leap. Top quality late 80s early 90s show.
I don’t understand the bullishness about GME. The pumpers on here make me skeptical, especially when I’ve had a few in the middle of a trading day.
Well, ok then... uh, you're free to go.
I once paper hands my SPWR calls 1/15/21 20c i bought at 2.70 and sold after a small rise for 3.20 check the price now 10.20 or some shit. Point is. Stonks go up. And patience is a virtue
I’m in the same boat I saw them both and am confused
CRWD, CRM, CRSR, SQ, TDOC, ARK’s
Haptics tech is being used in increasingly more sectors. Including, most excitingly, automotive (EVs), medical, and gaming(GME 🚀) I M M R has spiked for the year following console releases in the past and owns a fuck load of patents that will be used in future tech. They won legal patent fights against giants like SNE, MSFT, and AAPL. Low volume, low float, and smallish market cap make it illegal to talk about here but also very susceptible to major price action which I believe is going to come this year.
ngl
ur a fucking idiot
yeah in some parts i was trolling like what i said to u , but im deadass 17 and want to invest 80k to earn millions
why cant u just take it seriously for once
not everyone is a miserable prick like u
Old Kent?  Baltic Ave is the cheapest.
Not losing money on Friday got me feeling some type of way
Holy shit those are cheap, thank you.
It's in Canada
I’d eat a hot girls ass even if she tested positive for AIDS bruh
Seriously just say the ticker and throw in a bunch of rocket emojis. I’m not trying to injure my brain again
[deleted]
I'm convinced that this is what Trump meant during the presidential debate when he was challenged on paying 75$(?) of income taxes.

Had sick losses so no taxes.
Then....that means it belongs here. If you want 10th grade go to /stocks
[deleted]
😂😂😂😂😂😂
I saw the CEO of Blade talking about his company and it is just taxi's for rich people. Business plan sounded stupid af
Not actual quarantine. This lockdown or whatever you wanna call it.
Fucks

Can confirm
Do half and see what happens
It’s an interesting note to finish the week on for sure
I mean just do it, it always smells weird behind that Wendy's anyway
[removed]
It's basically free money
My man! 👃🏻🍑
Your writing is funny as helk.
Way funnier than what passes for comedy on tv and movies these days.
Haha loved it.
wsb is my new comedy channel!😜😜
Lol a month or so ago I told myself (and even took a screenshot) to buy 125 $ worth of qs 30c for Jan. I forgot to get up early the next morning and never got in. Today that position would be worth about 200k, never hated myself more than when I just checked that. I even took a screenshot to remind myself ‘buy these calls’
Numbers before English
I just sat here and threw change at my phone.
But it shows it works. This is the long term goal. As for short term it will be great tool for production of a vaccine. Identifying and knocking out the gene that inactivates the virus.
That porno some how made me not want to masturbate
All in on $STIC
[deleted]
The only real question is did Lindsey spit or swallow? 🤷🏻‍♂️
I like funyuns
Better yet that droppin loads guy
Sounds bullish
I've got 26c 3/21
Seems due for a crash, but taking under advisement.
I don't necessarily think so. Covid hasn't effected the long term value of most of these industries and companies, and people were quick to realize it. But there is no denying that the fed sped up that recovery
They have an SLB tool under Tools in Account Management. Short fee seems to vary by broker - that number was for Interactive Brokers
brutal
12/31 $23c’s lookin juicy
Is this in the USA? Hamilton, Burlington, Stoney Creek sure sounds like USA...

In which case, is this not CLF's problem now? I thought they bought out MT assets in the USA.
So cringe... ugh.  So grateful for my wife 😂
This actually sounds like a 6th grader wrote this
[deleted]
[deleted]
I’ll take the other side of that position anyday
Err?
The spammers in here suck
stop spoiling the belle porn u maggots
lowes 180 calls 1/15/2021
[deleted]
You never sell, whether you’re down 99% or up 2000000%. If you do, you have paper hands because you’re weak
Olexx
[deleted]
[deleted]
I'm sick of all these pussy shit posts
I understand where you're coming from, but I think you're missing the forest for the trees.

I'm not sure of the number of these meat processors who got sick and died, but it's certainly insignificant compared to lives that were harmed by inaction and petulance. Maybe they wouldn't have had to go to work and get sick in the first place. The politicians on both sides are playing games with people's lives and the future well-being of everyone in this country.

I don't know what you do for a profession, but it seems you have some skin in the game.
Bella delphine should have went all out and called johnny sins or chris strokes to rail her out
Jesus
Fuck this shit I wanna trade
For manufacturing?
How serious is this??
[removed]
Who knows, maybe we haven’t seen yet. Maybe they black ops took someone out in Nashville around there. Idk. Super sus tho.
I think the Root dump is due to their revenue for 2020 being lower than 2019. This is due to them switching 70% of their contracts to reinsurance, so they have to forward some premiums to the reinsurers. Thus when GAAP revenue is calculated the premium that is forwarded is not counted as premium earned. So the underlying customer base is still there and growing they just changed their structure to reduce risk. By doing so this allows them to grow faster because they don’t have to set aside cash to cover potential liabilities and can just spend it on marketing or R&D.
CHRISTMAS BREASTS. God bless every one.
Hey some of us are stupid
This is the kind of post you are describing.
wtf I live in Hamilton...didn't even notice
Is it certain palantir would be immune from not receiving any payments due during a shutdown? I've seen that worked in govt contracts.  Point of a shutdown is to not spend money in that time. Salaries, services, contracts. Anything non essential. Its possible palantir loses a chunk of cash. But hard to confirm without knowledge of contract specifics.
Certainly. We are a very accepting crowd here.
Gme calls on Monday.
ARKK
https://imgur.com/gallery/9shKEfR

u need the suit chute
When the pedofillia is too strong so any girl over 120 pounds with pubic hair is disgusting to you
bullish on Apple due to holiday season
I know he’s looking at what happened with the DASH and ABNB ipos, he’s gunning for #1 richest person. Can’t hate the player.
[deleted]
What is DD??
$60 for bottled water? Did they get it from Belle Delphine?
In my opinion, 30 WITHOUT a squeeze is fair.
Lol what a bunch of selfish stupid bitches that was great to read though. Thank god none of them will ever find happiness
Wonder where the fuck the rest of my money went
Dudes stroke game weak af
Remindme! 11 months
[deleted]
Yes, the influx of retail noobs in droves is giving me a hard on.
JWN and ZNGA are perfect risk/reward if you want to be a true “investor”
Wait til you learn how old most general aviation aircraft is. Can’t even get a well equipped Cessna 172 from 1970 for under 100K these days
🖕
Sounds like worst case there will be a discount Monday
Load means when you cum you retard
as it should be
how now brown cow
Does McDonald’s still have their eggnog shake? That shit is dank.
That’s what these weirdos are into man. She looks like a kid
im confused, this is different from the spankbang video someone posted earlier

she has 2 hardcore vids?
Distraction from what??
Someone was saying a week ago that MT was buying up rundown/shitty CLF factories... and now this. Damn.
Stop fucking your cousins, I know Christmas only comes once an year
#WeWantCohen
Belle snips I’ve seen underwhelm.
Should I move all of my VOO into QQQ?
Rule one don’t  📄 🙌🏻 
Rule two, repeat rule one
#gmegang
top is most definitely in
Cohen can change that
ETSY - is it worth getting in? How much do you think it’ll rise?
No injuries
Found the guy who fucks whales
In since $12. Looking forward to next week and 2021
Firefighters left the scene within an hour, definitely nothing too serious. Also they have like 25+ plants around the world. This won’t affect anything lol
green dick is better than any dick

change my mind
Ha. Thanks. I have been looking at that. Just trying to do my shit dd before I can buy in. :)
I feel like i can draw jack ma in like 5 lines
Yea, don't get it.  The premise is that steel will go down and will START declining in November and December.


We're at the end of December and it's done the opposite.
Holy shit that was more than 6 years ago
i assume ur a fat american

u probably buy swiss cake from dollar tree LTD

yeah i googled shitty places that fat cheap americans like u go too ahha
There is no way that’s true unless you’re factoring in income
Jesus Christ’s birthday /s much
Don’t you have Robinhood? There’s no reason to wait till Saturday
Maybe not for that but Industry is worth a watch
Belle delphine is a power bottom
Considering half of the successful retards here spend their profits on Teslas, I think this is bullish for TSLA.
What is this class?
[deleted]
Nah dog when i was under 10% body fat i was smashin girls 8 and above regularly and with ease
I love it
Hahhahahahahahhahahahhahahahahaha ok I’m done for the night
Btfd
Neat
To the moon 🚀
More people going back to work now that vaccines are being circulated means more car insurance starting to rev back up. Accidents should take a while to track. Usually thanksgiving is a crash-filled drunk driving fest too, and that won’t be the case this earnings.
They work with data and data is on 24/7 duh.
random penny stock always doubles up
This
THESE PEOPLE NEVER POST POSITIONS
Ok 👍 how do you know when it's fr? Cause snap was traded a few years before it ever went on the leap.
Yoooooooo

🚩 🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩

If it looks like a duck quacks like a duck and walks like a duck...chances are it’s probably a duck. Sorry...
That was terrible
What's a reasonably optimistic April call to make? $30 sound good?
Play the long game.
Im assuming low value male? Like a simp?
Sir, there’s better porn out there. 

Top tip: Makes sure to sit on your hand before tugging yourself, makes it feel like someone else is doing it for you.
Or they could just say whatever the fuck they want and control the narrative with or without the remains. Your assumption is dumb as fuck
Cool story bro
It does fucking feel good bro.
Don’t be pussyfooting
If the rona can live in poop it’s completely reasonable to assume it can spread through smelling a fart. 

What else are they hiding from us?
Just go to instathots or prothots
Dawg if all u got is 4K don’t buy that shit at open. Smh, try and salvage every dollar you can, wait for a good entry point.
[removed]
I appreciate the concern, but it’s just the High School I graduated from
It is the apex of cautionary tales.
My boy Mikey Millions broke it down on his YouTube channel (just look up 'kamikaze cash guh')..... Basically he and some others found this glitch on RH that since their stonks/options/gold areas weren't exactly great communicators with each other, you could take out margin, buy stonks, use the stonks to sell covered calls, then use the premium to pull out more margin. wash/rinse/repeat.
🌈
15% moves

30% random thoughts

55% porn
You get way more puss with dad bod can confirm
[deleted]
is 80k alot rn for me?
Woo!  Awwww yiiissss... gimme mod status.  I WANNA RULE WITH A GODDAMN IRON FIST.

You know, I was just banned here twice in quick succession.  No fucking idea why.
I apologize for the wrong judgment of your character.

But, wtf you doing holding NOK? Sell that shit, put it into GME ffs...
Now withdraw 9k. It will say you have 10k and still up 9.8k at +5000%. Then repost for more karma with title "started with $200 and made 5000%"
I’m not scared as long as interest rates are dog shit. Literally nowhere else to put money
💎🙌
I better see that loss porn Monday. LOL
[removed]
https://twitter.com/zaidahm29018671/status/1342133550288670720?s=21
You dodged a bullet.
Mvp
ARKQ
He was yelling "NI HAO" to everybody
I’d help my sister pay for pharmacy school and pay off my friend’s student debt (also buy RIDE calls cause stonks only go up)
[deleted]
MV IS, GH IV
If youre in quarantine youve gotta be regarded 

I didnt even quarantine when i visited nyc
Stop stop, you had me at RC
https://twitter.com/zaidahm29018671/status/1342133550288670720?s=21
Link to belle delphine getting plowed, merry Christmas!
DCA aggressive investments forever.
Best investment advice would be “follow WSB”
Mind. Blown.  This is a Prestige level reveal.
[removed]
we're living in a "post valuation market" the book wont be helpful until the resolution.
[removed]
[removed]
Heading out snowboarding tomorrow. Puts on my body health
For real wtf
All these noobs coming in asking what to spend their Christmas money on is making my APPL, FB, and PLTR calls wet.
Ill do half calls on GME
true i was the one who blew it up
In boca al lupo
LMAO
love to see it
> Thankfully there are no injuries. However the event caused a significant air emission. Ministry of Environment, Conservation and Parks have been alerted," the statement reads.

> Hamilton police acting Staff Sgt. Jason Leek says all employees are accounted for.

> Leek said the incident caused "quite a cloud" but it dissipated quickly and police are not aware of any safety or environmental concerns.

> "There was no residual fire or danger that we're aware of right now and no roads are closed," he said.

> Hamilton Fire and Hamilton Police have since cleared the scene.
Yes sir
Fuck
Idk what the fuck they do but that’s all I need to go balls deap
That dude is totally going to have to eat his dad’s ass...🎅🏼
The europoor app I use to manage money for groceries and shit (Revolut) has no options, no margin, no derivatives. Also, there are only a few hundred different stocks to buy and sell.

Prevents me from gambling it away on retard FDs, so at least I don't lose money on dumb shit, but also limits me to select few choices. A bunch of stocks WSB talks about are not even included in the app. Luckily, GME is there, so I'm seeing fat gains now.
You would think bella delphine would fuck a brolic chad, shes fucking a out of shape hairy herb smh
This thread is disappointing
Bears r fuk
[deleted]
Rip van twinkle is going to drink himself into a coma and wake up Monday morning
Great idea...I have been trying to think of a good place to send my $300 above the line donation and animal shelter is the perfect place
Lose everything
That’s animal abuse bruh
Only fans.
Tbh I think the reasoning would be some sort of legal thing. Like if it’s a low ass volume low market cap stock we could theoretically pump the fuck out of it with our tiny ass accounts. Maybe I’m wrong idk
Sorry about your puts
GME
She knows she ridding a stationary bike right
IM TRYIN
Would be the best ticker
To be fair, Buffet rarely invests in bonds. Usually 100% common stock.
Sweet. Bad for me but grats on the gains hah
They are a stonk.  Stonks go up.  QED.

Joking aside, they are still up something like 50% over last year.  Noone ever said Mr. Market was sane.
[deleted]
😘
No fucking way lmao god damn it
She literally looks like a fuckin underdeveloped girl anyone that actually finds her attractive must clearly not be attracted to actually developed women
Juicy news
TLDR; buy low, sell high
Nope
egGNOGg is on the menu boys
[removed]
[removed]
better start making money then
Yep
I like convincing a robot that I’m not a robot. Speaking of robots/automation, FANUC is a good long term buy and hold btw.
GME or ICLN
What's your best  investment advice that you can give to your younger sister right now as her new year resolution?
Kobe was killed riding in a 20 year old used piece of shit.
https://spankbang.com/4q3lc/video/belle+delphine+leaked+porn
I’m 22, when I grow up to be 31 I want to make fun of young people for not having as much money as me
Lol
Proof or ban hammer
do you want in on my premium? follow my calls and you’ll turn your $600 stimulus check into $50.
DP with a dildo/dick in both combinations yeah
Fight your pussy? Okay..
Invest in stonks. They only go up. Memes are great DD.
https://spankbang.com/4q3lc/video/belle+delphine+leaked+porn
Any of you dudes got a link to free bella delphine porn
Idk personal info lol. I live in Peoria so... Lool
Yep comin out the gate swinging
💀
You already posted this shit!!!!!! MODS WHY HAVE YOU FORSAKEN US
[deleted]
Where do you go exactly to see the short fee?
Some retarded underage shit but we have no moderation here so nothing will come of it 💪
pltr
Pltr bitch
[deleted]
You'll be fine, sell some calls against them to cover premiums
positions??
This happened with me buying Ocugen in July instead of OpGen. I held the bag at .39 cents buyin because it dropped down to .30-.31 cents. Definitely cashed out thousands of stocks last week for 300%+ gain. 

Sometimes going full retard works.
Thats was 2020 thing
Why delete?
I love how this perfectly encapsulates the story
The story has a happy ending. He just deleted the app and everything was fine.
Christ.. lol
[removed]
She did anal!?
Very cool!
[removed]
Enjoy the oddity of it
Old footage
LIEUTENANT DAN!
Yes, well technically I’m 29
i'm 31 years old little Nate, not quite a boomer yet
[removed]
In a weird way this feels easier
Yes homo
No fucking way. How poetic
So did you not notice in your dd that one of Palantirs biggest customers is....the government?  Ya shut down their customer that will send them to the moon.
